FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak Meet Raja Chari, the Indian-American fighter pilot selected by NASA for space mission most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Amazon Amazon boosts sales in its marketplace by lending $1 billion to merchants Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon's senior VP of devices OnePlus 5 to feature 8 GB RAM; sale to begin on 22 June after launch event Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Amazon is offering discounts on Prime membership for people on government aid   07 Jun 2017 , 07:17 #Amazon Image Credits: Reuters 0 Amazon is making a play for low-income shoppers. The online leader is offering a discount on its pay-by-month Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The move, announced Tuesday, is seen by some analysts as an attempt to go after rival Walmart’s lower-income shoppers. The world’s largest retailer has revamped its shipping program and improved other services to drive online sales growth as it tries to narrow the gap with Amazon. People who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month for the Amazon Prime benefits like free shipping and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows. The typical Prime membership is $99 a year, but those who cannot afford to pay up front also have a $10.99-a-month option. Amazon designed this option to make its “selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime,” Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. Walmart has gained momentum in its online business, seeing its e-commerce sales soar 63 percent in its first quarter, up from a 29 percent increase the previous period. It now offers free-two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a purchase of $35. Online shoppers who collect their purchases at a store get extra discounts. And Walmart has dramatically expanded its online offerings – though it’s still far behind the hundreds of millions of products at Amazon.com. Amazon’s aim with the latest move is two-pronged, says Ken Perkins, president of research firm RetailMetrics. “It is part of Amazon’s overarching goal to inexorably move into every corner of retail,” he said. “Secondly, it is a direct move to pull consumers away from its chief retail rival Walmart, which has been far more aggressive competing with Amazon on price, offerings, delivery and building out its formidable e-commerce operations.” Internet consultant Sucharita Mulpuru-Kodali says Amazon’s move “seems inevitable” because it’s saturated a good part of the affluent and middle-class sector – but describes it as a “head scratcher.” “These consumers have always indexed lower in online transactions, and their living circumstances are often not well-suited to package delivery, and many of these consumers don’t have vehicles to drive to a location pick up packages,” she wrote in an email. “Of the long list of business that Amazon could target, this doesn’t seem like the biggest one.” Associated Press Publish date: June 7, 2017 7:17 am| Modified date: June 7, 2017 7:20 am Tags: Amazon, Amazon Prime, Electronic Benefits, Government Aid, government assistance, Greg Greeley, Online Sales, Prime Membership, United States, Walmart Also read WWDC 2017: Tech rivals join hands, Amazon Prime Video now on Apple TV Amazon.in announces ‘Samsung Carnival’ offering discounts on mobiles, TVs and large appliances X Recommended For You Amazon boosts sales in its marketplace by lending $1 billion to merchants Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon’s senior VP of devices OnePlus 5 to feature 8 GB RAM; sale to begin on 22 June after launch event Amazon apologises for technical disruption on its website Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #AI Jun 8, 2017 AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam #3D printer Jun 8, 2017 Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #NASA Jun 8, 2017 NASA picks 12 astronauts from 18,300 applicants, the first new class of space fliers in five years #Uber Jun 8, 2017 Uber exploits legal loophole to avoid paying taxes in the UK and undercut rivals #Toshiba Jun 8, 2017 Toshiba to name buyer of coveted $18 billion chip business on 15 June SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Amazon Fights Wal-Mart for Low-Income Shoppers The Wall Street Journal. Laura Stevens and Sarah Nassauer 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL CEO Elon Musk says Tesla may need more plants Sears is closing 72 more stores — here's the full list Amazon.com Inc. is dropping its membership price for low-income shoppers, going after a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. stronghold. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 1,009.52 -0.41 -0.04% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 79.64 +0.48 +0.61% The online retailer giant said Tuesday that it will offer a nearly 20% segment of the U.S. population—people who obtain government assistance with cards typically used for food stamps—a $5.99 monthly Prime membership, less than the $10.99 a month or $99 annual plan for other consumers. The membership buys access to unlimited two-day shipping, video and music content, photo storage and other perks. The new Prime offering takes direct aim at Wal-Mart, which counts on shoppers who receive government assistance for a large percentage of sales. Wal-Mart generated about $13 billion in sales last year from shoppers using the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, accounting for around 18% of the money spent through the program nationwide. Those customers also spend additional income while in Wal-Mart stores. Amazon will require cards typically used for food stamps as an initial measure to determine participant eligibility, although they can’t yet be widely used for shopping online. The retailer plans to add additional ways to qualify. Low-income shoppers are “a big opportunity” and are already buying online, said Laura Kennedy, director, retail insights at consultancy Kantar Retail. But some lower-income consumers still face hurdles because they more often lack typical bank resources like accounts or credit cards. An Amazon spokeswoman said the company was looking at underserved audiences when it came up with the concept, adding that $99 might be a barrier to entry for some consumers in a temporary state of need. Amazon will require eligible participants to requalify every year for up to four years. Related video: Amazon offers up free bananas at community stands Click to expand Replay Video Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' One of President Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises has yet to come to fruition. But Trump has a new idea for the border wall between the U.S. and Mexico that might help him keep his promise. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Veuer Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone On the border of China and Kazakhstan, an international free trade zone has become a showpiece of Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature "Belt and Road" Initiative to boost global trade and commerce by improving infrastructure and connectivity. But as Graham Mackay reports, Horgos, the youngest city of China's new Silk Road, is not all it seems. Reuters 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US These nine jobs could be on their way out, based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics' occupational outlook data. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Amazon offers up free bananas at community stands The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' Veuer0:58 Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone Reuters1:48 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US Business Insider2:23 GE factory jobs move from Wisconsin to Canada CNN Money4:31 What gas inventories say about oil supply and demand Bloomberg2:50 Hyperloop One goes from London to Edinburgh in 50 minutes Wochit Tech0:59 Michelle Obama tells Apple: You won't get my money unless you include more women CNBC0:43 How charities need to change to end poverty The Wall Street Journal.2:25 Caesars Entertainment seeing growth in Las Vegas Fox Business4:33 Smart tap aims to serve 'perfect' beer BBC News1:59 Here's where Americans say they waste the most money CNBC0:47 Uber's no good, very bad year so far The Washington Post2:36 Amazon discounts Prime for welfare and food stamps recipients Reuters0:59 Are there 50,000 new coal jobs as EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt claimed? The Washington Post1:07 5 online mistakes that are costing you money The Wall Street Journal.1:43 New Supreme Court case could reshape cellphone privacy laws Newsy0:40 UP NEXT Wal-Mart has been working to keep those customers even as more shop online. It acquired low-cost Jet.com for $3.3 billion last year and has been revamping its online strategy, scrapping a $50 charge for a two-day, no-cost shipping membership program in favor of offering free shipping on orders over $35. (Amazon’s free-shipping threshold for non-Prime customers is currently for orders over $25.) Wal-Mart executives hoped it would draw in more value-oriented and non-Prime customers by removing membership fees. At the same time, Amazon has been working to grow its Prime membership program, adding perks and expanding it to more than a dozen countries internationally. Analysts estimate that its more-than-60-million members spend significantly more than other shoppers. Still, 47% of U.S. primary household shoppers say they never or rarely shop on Amazon, according to data from Kantar Retail. About 30% of the approximately 44 million SNAP recipients have access to Prime via a subscription, free trial or family member, according to Kantar. Amazon also introduced “Amazon Cash” earlier this year, which lets customers add cash to their account balance at more than 10,000 physical locations around the country. Food-stamp grocery purchases are set for an overhaul with a new test allowing online food stamp payment. Amazon and Wal-Mart are among 10 in a two-year pilot by the U.S. Department of Agriculture planned to start next year. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal 中国スマホが世界席巻、アップルに勝つ理由 The Wall Street Journal. 中国企業苦しめる利回り上昇、資金調達に支障も The Wall Street Journal. Long promised, global market for natural gas finally arrives The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Surface Pro: The most versatile laptop Dell Dual Video USB 3.0 Docking Station, $89.99 Game on the go with a new Windows 10 PC This mouse works on virtually any surface Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Walmart Testing Out Automated Grocery Pickup Kiosks By Tyler Lee on 06/06/2017 16:39 PDT Like tech videos? Subscribe to Ubergizmo on Youtube We get that many people out there are busy where they don’t even have time when it comes to running simple errands like grocery shopping. This is because grocery shopping can be a bit of a chore, where you’ll have to drive to the location, look for parking, go inside, queue up, and so on. However it looks like Walmart has plans to make the lives of their customers easier by testing out automated grocery pickup kiosks. This feature is currently being tested out in Oklahoma City at the Walmart Super Center at N Council and W Britton Roads. As you can see in the video above, basically these kiosks will house grocery orders made online or through the mobile app, which in turn gives customers a location in which they’ll be able to pickup their groceries anytime of the day at their own convenience. According to Walmart spokesman Scott Markley in an email to News OK, “Especially for busy families with kids, grocery shopping used to take a couple of hours on the weekend.” In terms of what can be ordered, pretty much anything can be ordered, but it should be noted that there will be a minimum order of $30, so if you’re looking to buy one or two items then this might not be the service for you. The test is expected to be conducted over the course of the next few months and whether or not it will find its way to other Walmarts in the future will depend on its success, but what do you guys think? Yay or nay on this new feature? Filed in General. Read more about walmart. Related Articles 2017-03-23 Vudu Disc-To-Digital Gets Digital Copies For Your DVDs 2017-01-31 Walmart Ditches Amazon Prime Rival In Favor Of Free 2-Day Shipping 2016-09-25 Xiaomi Mi Box Price Revealed By Walmart 2016-08-08 Walmart Confirms $3 Billion Acquisition Of Jet.com 2016-08-03 Walmart Reportedly Looking To Acquire Amazon Rival Jet.com Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Audio Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Amazon's Pivot to Poor People Amazon wants to become Walmart faster than Walmart can become Amazon. Ted S. Warren / AP Most Popular The Potemkin Policies of Donald Trump Derek Thompson Jun 7, 2017 The Scandal Is What's Already Known David Frum 5:00 AM ET The Mummy Is a Monstrous Flop David Sims 8:10 AM ET There's No Such Thing as 'Honest Loyalty' Peter Beinart 5:15 AM ET Scientists Have Found the Oldest Known Human Fossils Ed Yong Jun 7, 2017 Derek Thompson Jun 6, 2017 Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size On Tuesday, Amazon announced that it will slash the price of membership to its Prime program by almost 50 percent for low-income shoppers on federal welfare. The move might seem like a unique form of private-sector charity for poor Americans, after decades of disappointing wage growth. But it’s also a direct challenge to Walmart, the reigning king of American retail, which relies heavily on low-income shoppers and receives nearly one of every five dollars of its revenue through SNAP, or food stamps, each year. Prime, which includes fast premium shipping and access to movies, games, and exclusive Amazon television shows, typically costs $99 upfront or $10.99 a month. Households that can show they’re receiving public assistance, such as Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) or the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), will be able to subscribe to Amazon Prime for just $5.99 a month. Customers can register using their EBT, or electronic benefit transfer card, which is used to distribute welfare benefits from the government. In a statement, the company said it is working on other ways for customers on welfare to participate. The move comes as many traditional retail companies are in a tailspin and the nation’s two most prominent retailers are locked in a battle for the future of American spending. Walmart versus Amazon is a King Kong-versus-Godzilla showdown, with the two companies combining for more than $600 billion in revenue in 2016—about the size of the entire Defense Department. Ninety percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart. Nearly half of American households subscribe to Amazon Prime. Walmart takes in more revenue than any company in the world; last year it earned more than the second- and third-place U.S. companies, Apple and Exxon, combined. But the retail king hasn’t grown faster than 2 percent in five years, while Amazon has doubled since 2012 and is now the fourth-most-valuable company in America by market cap, between Microsoft and Facebook. Walmart is 12th. With today’s announcement, Amazon is trying to become Walmart faster than Walmart can become Amazon. In other words, Amazon is trying to expand its consumer base just as Walmart’s e-commerce business has taken off with the purchase of e-retailers like Jet.com and Modcloth. Prime is the most important part of Amazon’s retail business. Not only does a Prime membership guarantee a steady revenue stream for the company, but it also makes Amazon top-of-mind for consumers. Analysts estimate that there are between 60 and 80 million Prime subscribers in the country, and the typical Prime household spends more than twice as much on Amazon as a non-Prime family. But so far, Prime’s growth has been bounded by income and Internet access. More than 40 percent of U.S. households say they rarely or never shop on Amazon, according to The Wall Street Journal, and just 30 percent of SNAP recipients have access to Prime. There are still huge barriers for families on welfare to shop online, since low-income families often don't have a bank account or credit cards. But a steep discount could encourage more welfare recipients to join the Amazon bundle, fueling the retail war that continues to wreak havoc on the industry at large. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Environmental Racism Is the New Jim Crow Vann R. Newkirk II argues that America’s air and water systems disadvantage communities of color. Daniel Lombroso and Vann R. Newkirk II Jun 5, 2017 About the Author Derek Thompson is a senior editor at The Atlantic, where he writes about economics, labor markets, and the media. He is the author of the book Hit Makers. Twitter Most Popular Presented by John Sommers II / Reuters The Potemkin Policies of Donald Trump Derek Thompson The simplest summary of White House economic policy to date is four words long: There is no policy. It’s “Infrastructure Week” at the White House. Theoretically. On Monday, the administration announced a plan to spend $200 billion on infrastructure and overhaul U.S. air traffic control. There was a high-profile signing in the East Wing before dozens of cheering lawmakers and industry titans. It was supposed to be the beginning of a weeklong push to fix America’s roads, bridges, and airports. But in the next two days, Trump spent more energy burning metaphorical bridges than trying to build literal ones. He could have stayed on message for several hours, gathered Democrats and Republicans to discuss a bipartisan agreement, and announced a timeframe. Instead he quickly turned his attention to Twitter to accuse media companies of “Fake News” while undermining an alliance with Qatar based on what may be, fittingly, a fake news story. Continue Reading Joshua Roberts / Reuters The Scandal Is What's Already Known David Frum There are many questions that James Comey may answer in his Senate testimony, but the broad outlines of Trump’s conduct are clear. “Many secrets; no mysteries.” That phrase (coined by Luigi Barzini if you’re keeping score) has been the key to understanding the connection between President Trump and Russia from the start. It unlocks the matter even more crisply after today. Between former FBI Director James Comey’s advance-released testimony—and the agonizing non-testimony of the director of the National Security Agency and the director of national intelligence—the essentials of the story have come even more clearly into view than before. It is asserted on one side, and not denied on the other, that Trump repeatedly asked his intelligence chiefs to shut down the FBI inquiry into the Russian connections of Michael Flynn, Trump’s most important national security adviser through the 2016 campaign and the presidential transition. Exactly why Trump so assiduously protected Flynn remains uncertain. Exactly which (if any) of Flynn’s actions so desperately needed protecting likewise can only be guessed. But it’s hard to make innocent explanations look credible. Continue Reading Universal The Mummy Is a Monstrous Flop David Sims Tom Cruise’s new starring vehicle sees the actor straining to have fun as he tries to set up an unnecessary new franchise. Nick Morton (Tom Cruise), the dashing hero of Alex Kurtzman’s preposterous  extravaganza The Mummy, is a virile fortune hunter, the kind of roustabout who shoots first, asks questions later, and always gets the girl. He’s the kind of scoundrel who steals a treasure map from a winsome scientist (Jenny Halsey, played by Annabelle Wallis) after a passionate night together, which he uses to discover an ancient mummy’s tomb. When Jenny tries to tell him about the warning hieroglyphics inscribed therein, he scoffs, “I don’t have time for your archeologist jargon.” Nick’s not worried about ancient curses—not when there’s money to be made, and adventure to be had. He’s not that different from the gun-slinging rascal Brendan Fraser played in the last cinematic revival of The Mummy in 1999. But, for the first time I can recall in Cruise’s career, it feels like he is really straining to make Nick the agile smoothie he’s supposed to be, trying to crank up the usually-reliable time machine he steps into for every new Mission Impossible movie only to see it die on him this time around. Halfway through The Mummy, Nick does battle with a Hulked-up Mr. Hyde (Russell Crowe), alter-ego to Dr. Jekyll, who remarks, “You’re a far younger man than I.” Crowe is in fact a year younger than Cruise, but, boy, does this movie not want you to believe that. Continue Reading Joshua Roberts / Reuters There's No Such Thing as 'Honest Loyalty' Peter Beinart Fueling the clash between Comey and Trump was this simple fact—they inhabit incompatible moral universes. The way James Comey describes it in his statement to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, you can easily imagine the movie. On January 27, Donald Trump invites Comey over for dinner. Expecting there will be others, Comey is unnerved when he realizes that he and the new president are dining alone. Worried that Trump is trying to “create some sort of patronage relationship,” Comey makes a point of saying that he will not be politically “reliable” but will always tell Trump the truth. Trump is not mollified. “I need loyalty. I expect loyalty,” he declares.” Comey says nothing and the conversation moves on. Near the dinner’s end, Trump returns to the subject: “I need loyalty.” Comey says once again: “You will always get honesty from me.” There’s a pause. Finally, Trump says, “That’s what I want, honest loyalty.” Continue Reading Shannon McPherron, MPI EVA Leipzig Scientists Have Found the Oldest Known Human Fossils Ed Yong The 300,000-year-old bones and stone tools were discovered in a surprising place—and could revise the history of our species. Hundreds of thousands of years ago, around 62 miles west of what would eventually become Marrakesh, a group of people lived in a cave overlooking a lush Moroccan landscape. They rested there, building fires to keep themselves warm. They hunted there, sharpening stone tools to bring down animals. And they died there, leaving their bones behind in the dirt. At the time, there would have been nothing particularly notable about these cave-dwellers. They were yet more Homo sapiens, members of a nascent ape species that had spread across Africa. But in their death, they have become singularly important. That cave is now called Jebel Irhoud, and bones of its former occupants have been recently unearthed by an international team of scientists. They mark the earliest fossilized remains of Homo sapiens ever found. Until now, that honor belonged to two Ethiopian fossils that are 160,000 and 195,000 years old respectively. But the Jebel Irhoud bones, and the stone tools that were uncovered with them, are far older—around 315,000 years old, with a possible range of 280,000 to 350,000 years. Continue Reading Zack Gibson / Getty Images James Comey's Opening Statement on Trump, Annotated Elaine Godfrey The former FBI director is testifying Thursday before the Senate Intelligence Committee on his interactions and conversations with the president. Updated at 4:08 p.m. ET Less than 24 hours before former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify on Capitol Hill, the Senate Intelligence Committee posted his prepared opening remarks on its website Wednesday. In them, Comey, who was fired by President Trump in May, describes in detail their various interactions and conversations—offering what appear to be direct quotes from the president. “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty,” Trump said at a private January dinner, according to Comey’s testimony.​​​ To add context, we’ve annotated his expected statements below. Chairman Burr, Ranking Member Warner, Members of the Committee. Thank you for inviting me to appear before you today. I was asked to testify today to describe for you my interactions with President-Elect and President Trump on subjects that I understand are of interest to you. I have not included every detail from my conversations with the President, but, to the best of my recollection, I have tried to include information that may be relevant to the Committee. Continue Reading All photos courtesy of Alex Tizon and his family My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  She lived with us for 56 years. She raised me and my siblings without pay. I was 11, a typical American kid, before I realized who she was. The ashes filled a black plastic box about the size of a toaster. It weighed three and a half pounds. I put it in a canvas tote bag and packed it in my suitcase this past July for the transpacific flight to Manila. From there I would travel by car to a rural village. When I arrived, I would hand over all that was left of the woman who had spent 56 years as a slave in my family’s household. Continue Reading Evan Vucci and Susan Walsh / AP Live Coverage of Comey's Testimony to Congress The Editors The Senate Intelligence Committee will ask the former FBI director about his dismissal by President Trump, the conversations that preceded it, and the sprawling Russia investigation. James Comey, the former FBI director whose sudden ouster last month by President Trump sparked a political crisis for the administration, will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday. Senators are expected to question Comey about the circumstances surrounding his dismissal, his discussions with Trump about ongoing investigations, and what he can share about the FBI’s Russia probe. Here are some highlights from our previous coverage: Elaine Godfrey’s annotated version of Comey’s opening statement Adam Serwer on Comey’s paradoxical efforts to safeguard the FBI’s independence Molly Ball on the impact of Trump’s scandals on congressional Republicans Matt Ford on whether Trump’s dismissal of Comey amounts to obstruction of justice James Fallows argues that the Comey affair is worse than Watergate Vann Newkirk on the history of clashes between presidents and the FBI Claire Foran on the Democrats’ divide over impeachment Continue Reading Mark Kauzlarich / Reuters The Death of Kansas's Conservative Experiment Russell Berman Republicans in the state legislature on Tuesday voted to reverse Governor Sam Brownback’s signature tax cuts, dealing a blow to the kind of fiscal policy the Trump administration wants to enact nationally. The nation’s most aggressive experiment in conservative economic policy is dead. Republican majorities in the Kansas legislature on Tuesday night voted to reverse the deep tax cuts engineered by Governor Sam Brownback five years ago, blaming them for blowing a hole in the state’s budget that threatened the viability of its schools and infrastructure. Brownback, a conservative first elected in 2010 on a platform of phasing out Kansas’s income tax entirely, stood by his vision even in spite of an electoral backlash last year. But a coalition of Democrats and newly-elected Republicans overrode his veto of legislation to raise $1.2 billion in revenue by hiking personal income taxes and repealing a widely-criticized exemption for small-business owners. Tax rates will now go up to levels near where they were before Brownback took office. Continue Reading Eric Thayer / Getty Images James Comey Finally Tells His Side of the Story Matt Ford In his opening statement to Senate lawmakers, prepared for a Thursday hearing, the former FBI director describes multiple conversations he had with President Trump about the Russia investigation. Updated at 3:50 p.m. ET “I need loyalty. I expect loyalty.” Those are the words James Comey will testify President Trump said to him at a January dinner when the former FBI director appears before the Senate Intelligence Committee Thursday. In his prepared opening remarks, Comey describes multiple conversations he had at Trump’s initiative about the Russia investigation and whether its effect on his presidency could be mitigated. He recalls his unease with Trump’s habitual breaches of the traditional line separating the White House from federal law-enforcement agencies. And he depicts a president eager to create “some sort of patronage relationship” over him in an apparent effort to undermine the FBI’s independence and interfere with an ongoing investigation. Continue Reading What Makes Things Cool? Alice Roth, Nicolas Pollock, Derek Thompson, and Caitlin Cadieux A handy acronym for popularity Watch Video Trump's Most Drastic Statement Yet Uri Friedman, Daniel Lombroso, and Leah Varjacques The U.S. abandons the Paris Accord—and the global community it helped build. Watch Video Bob Woodward Tells the Media to Calm Down Ashley Bloom Kenny, Leah Varjacques, and Tynesha Foreman “It serves no one, the media or Trump, to have an almost thermonuclear war with each other.” Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
News Business OpEd Special Reports Magazines Sports Lifestyle Jobs News National Education Insight World Latest News Ambassador Deo Rwabiita has died LIVE: Minister Kasaija's 29 trillion budget President Museveni arrives for 2017/18 Budget reading Two die, scores injured in Apaa land clashes Business Prosper Commodities Finance Markets Technology Insurance Auto Latest Business VIDEO: Why URA needs to be more vigorous with revenue collection India’s Exim Bank seeks to lend to Uganda government 2017/18 Budget: Tackling the financial inclusion challenge Farmer sues Airtel over trespass, demands Shs300m OpEd Editorial Columnists Commentary Letters Cartoon Latest OpEd Nation address must show accountability Watch out! Kampala and Uganda’s other towns are now full of Ninjas Special Reports Uganda@50 Project Success Amin War Memories Latest Special Reports Hoima’s native martyrs Business boom ahead of Martyrs Day Legal gaps stand in way of organ transplant in Uganda Where is the money for PWDs? Magazines FullWoman People & Power Healthy Living Jobs and Career Score Life Homes and Property Farming Latest Magazines She adds value to space Building a two-in-one house Affordable ways to ensure privacy around your home Trash the old dining table and embrace some colour Sports Soccer Basketball Boxing Cricket Athletics Rugby Golf Motor Sport Other Sport Sports Columnists Latest Sports Africa Cup of Nations qualifying fixtures Ssewanyana accuses Magogo of 2014 W. Cup ticket touting Mutebi reckons Cranes more prepared than 2004 outfit Youngster Kakeeto eyes Afcon progress on his first call-up Lifestyle Dining & Recipes Entertainment Travel Reviews & Profiles Religion Heart to Heart Fashion & Beauty Latest Lifestyle On the late Lawrence Mukiibi saga When getting intimate ceases to be a big deal My girl went “single” on FB ‘Dear ex, mourn but in secret’ Jobs supplements Jobs Bids and Tenders Latest Jobs = Breaking News President Museveni arrives for 2017/18 Budget reading... ads.header.stripmast.prosper - Business Wednesday June 7 2017 Can e-commerce sustainably grow business? An employee delivers food ordered online. PHOTO BY RAHCAEL MABALA  In Summary There is a growing need and demand for technology-based solutions in the shopping behaviour of Ugandans. Here, we explore how you can grow your business using this platform. The question we should continue to ponder is: Should Ugandan retail chains interested in the growth and sustainability of their businesses enter e-commerce? Advertisement By Dorothy Nakaweesi & Jonathan Adengo KAMPALA: 2fumbe Uganda is one of the country’s popular businesses which have embraced e-commerce. 2fumbe which literally means ‘let’s cook’ started business in March 2014 selling kitchen and electrical appliances online. Sharing his experience with Prosper magazine, Mr Davidson Bagambagye, the proprietor of this business, said: “We picked on e-commerce after realising that many people are busy and find it hard to visit the brick and mortar premises to buy kitchen and electrical appliances.” He adds that according to his interactions with clients, joining this business has saved many people the hustle of moving around looking for kitchen ware. The company has saved on the city rent space by operating fully online with a store where they keep their products. Three years later, 2fumbe boasts of more than 32,000 followers with 8,000 active clients who keep engaged through their weekly cooking tutorials and tips. E-commerce entails commercial transactions conducted electronically on the Internet. E-commerce has swept the world by storm. Amazon has had such a large impact in the American retail sector, forcing traditional brick-and-mortar powerhouses like Wal-Mart and Target to adopt new online strategy. Two weeks ago, both Wal-Mart and Target reported their 2017 Quarter 1 earnings which reflected higher returns due to the e-commerce adoption. E-commerce segments of both Wal-Mart and Target, obviously created to compete with Amazon, had grown 63 per cent and 22 per cent respectively! Regionally, iHub-a Kenyan firm known for its main innovation platform for web technologies, in a research they carried out in 2013 on e-commerce in Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania showed that the first e-commerce ventures in East Africa used to focus on affluent customers and the diaspora, with payment by credit cards, mostly in the travel and gifting industry, This survey which was run for one month on Binu- a platform that facilitates opinion research on mobile findings showed that 40 per cent of the respondents of the research proved to be e-commerce consumers, with slight differences between the three countries of East Africa (Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda). “The most popular product within East Africans is airtime, which is understandable. Airtime is itself mobile money used to transfer value through mobile phones. Mobile phones and gadgetry came second as a ‘true’ product,” the research survey indicated. Uganda’s status The question we should continue to ponder is: Should Ugandan retail chains interested in the growth and sustainability of their businesses enter e-commerce? According to the Africa Internet Statistics as at March 31, 2017, there are 13 million Facebook users in Uganda, representing a 31.3 per cent penetration of the total population. This represents a growth from the 2.2 million users recorded in 2016. The number of internet users in the country has also equally grown a hundred folds. Statistics from the Uganda Communications Commission indicate that there are more than 15 million active internet users. These statistics serve to show a growing need and demand for technology based solutions in the shopping behaviours of people. Mr Newton Buteraba, an IT specialist in Uganda, says the growing need for online market places in Uganda started around 2012. Back then, the thought of sitting at your computer and paying for an item that you have just seen without feeling it was unthought-of. Those who did so took their chances and waited for their goods to arrive. E-commerce, as this is known, has grown in the recent past, making life more convenient for those who are busy and don’t have time to go look for items they would like to buy. In Uganda, e-commerce was popularised with the arrival of online startup portals such as Hellofood, Kaymu, Lamudi, which allowed people to trade online. These portals were all merged into one brand: Jumia, last year. Mr Neville Igasira, the head of marketing and public relations at Jumia, says e-commerce has rapidly grown in the last five years in Uganda and across Africa. Mr Igasira says the growth of such start-ups is because of the visible positive outcomes the online industry has had on various industries including food, travel, tourism, and hospitality sectors, with a ripple effect on entire economies especially in developing countries such as Uganda. Mr Igasira says vendors and companies who have ventured online have seen increased revenue returns as businesses diversify their clientele reach, as well as efficient and faster transactions both online and via mobile money solutions. According to the Ugandan Communications Commission, there are 23 million registered mobile phone subscribers in the country. Of this statistics from Bank of Uganda (BoU) as at December 2016 show that there 21 million mobile money accounts while the number of mobile money agents stands at 132,937 agents. Dr Charles Abuka, the director financial stability at BoU, while speaking to Daily Monitor recently said in December 2016, the total value of mobile money transactions stood at Shs43.8 trillion up from Shs32.5 trillion witnessed in December 2015. This trend shows an increased use of mobile platforms to transact as opposed to the traditional ways. 2fumbe’s Bagambagye, who is already into the waters swimming- thinks that e-commerce makes shopping more fun as someone can browse through the entire store in the comfort of their office on laptop or mobile phone. “It also allows clients to budget for monthly expenses due to the fixed prices year in, year out,” he observes. Mr Igasira says Jumia’s e-commerce model offers everyday solutions for Ugandans – on both the consumer and seller side. “On Jumia platforms, people have the convenience to get all their needs with a tap on the phone. Whether you are looking for food, houses, jobs, electronics and fashion or want to go on that vacation – Jumia brings it to your doorstep,” he adds. Mr Igasira agrees that more companies should go online much as most trade happens offline because people want convenience and efficiency. “The Internet has been a big tool for this in the last two decades. So with growing middle class in Uganda, deepening Internet penetration and mobile phones becoming the primary tool through which people engage with the world, the trend suggests that it’s inevitable that Ugandan consumers will migrate to e-commerce,” he adds. It should be noted that Uganda has not fully embraced e-commerce as the electronic payment aspect of it is left out. What usually happens is an exchange of money when goods are delivered or payment via mobile money. SUCCESS According to Mr Bagambagye interactions with clients, joining this business has saved many people the hustle of moving around looking for kitchen ware. The company has saved on the city rent space by operating fully online with a store where they keep their products. Three years later, 2fumbe boasts of more than 32,000 followers with 8,000 active clients who keep engaged through their weekly cooking tutorials and tips. Imbalance Some people are still skeptical about e-commerce and prefer to go to the shops themselves where they can bargain for a better price and feel the goods they are purchasing. Mr Francis Akankwasa, the general manager of Mega Standard Supermarket, confirms this. Currently they are not fully involved in e-commerce apart from some clients and suppliers who use mobile money which aids transactions. editorial@ug.nationmedia.com advertisement In the Headlines 1  hour ago LIVE: Minister Kasaija's 29 trillion budget Finance minister Matia Kasaija: Your Excellency the President, Your Excellency the Vice 1  hour ago President Museveni arrives for 2017/18 Budget reading President Museveni arrives for Matia Kaisaja’s Budget reading National Ambassador Deo Rwabiita has died   1  hour ago Business VIDEO: Why URA needs to be more vigorous with revenue collection   3  hours ago National VIDEO: Does the 2017/2018 budget benefit the poor?   4  hours ago Entertainment Singer Mowzey Radio fined Shs56m for being ”nuisance” at Semwanga's funeral   5  hours ago Advertisement Farming Pensioner reaping gold from passion fruit growing Boxing Ugandan boxer to miss continental tournament for lying about age Farming Widow found her fortune in shea butter processing Life She wanted a house before the wedding Advertisement Latest News National Ambassador Deo Rwabiita has died   National LIVE: Minister Kasaija's 29 trillion budget   National President Museveni arrives for 2017/18 Budget reading   Soccer Africa Cup of Nations qualifying fixtures   Heart to Heart On the late Lawrence Mukiibi saga   Heart to Heart When getting intimate ceases to be a big deal   Heart to Heart My girl went “single” on FB   Advertisement From The East African Lifestyle Primus Guma Guma evolving despite criticism   News Shabaab storm military base in northern Somalia   Business Uganda's Finance minister presents $8bn budget   News South Sudan bans 20 foreign journalists   Opinion EDITORIAL: Local media urged to do more citizen-centred reporting   News Rwanda to suspend illegal, unregulated medical practices   News Charcoal preferred for cooking over gas   Advertisement Web Mail e-Paper 93.3 KFM Business Directory Sqoop Dembefm NTV Uganda Africa Review The East African Daily Nation The Citizen Business Daily About us Contact us Advertise with Us Terms of Use Nation Media Group
Thursday, June 08, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Madhya Pradesh protest: We are sensitive to farmers' issues, says Rajnath Singh Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Gorkha Janmukti Morcha clash in Darjeeling: Police vehicles damaged, security personnel injured Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rajasthan police to probe if Rahul Gandhi violated traffic rules on his way to Mandsaur Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Unrest in Mandsaur 'should not be seen in isolation', says Bhupinder Hooda Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi allowed to meet victims' kin in Mandsaur Sports Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko FIFA U-17 World Cup 2017: Javier Ceppi feels completion of the draw will improve ticket sales ICC Champions Trophy 2017, India vs Sri Lanka, Live cricket score and updates: Kohli and Co finish on 321/6 French Open 2017: Rohan Bopanna wins first mixed doubles Grand Slam title with Gabriela Dabrowski Altibox Norway Chess: Viswanathan Anand hurt by misjudgment against Vladimir Kramnik in 2nd round National Athletics coach Mohammed Kunhi sacked after doping controversy at NIS Patiala India 4,000 Indian students seek US students visa brushing aside fears of hate crimes India promoting terrorism in Afghanistan to sabotage Islamabad-Kabul ties: Pakistan Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rajasthan to face similar fate unless govt takes action, says BJP leader Kerala MLAs have beef fry for breakfast at a special session on cattle ban Sitaram Yechury manhandled by Hindu Sena activists at press conference in New Delhi Saharanpur violence: Internet services blocked after Bhim Army founder Chandrasekhar's arrest World Washington edgy ahead of James Comey's testimony in Russia probe: A look back at previous high-drama Senate hearings James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing Britain polls: Caste legislation introduced to attract Indian-origin voters At least 12 terrorists killed, arms and explosives recovered from Balochistan: Pakistan military UK Election 2017 LIVE: Opinion polls predict lead for Theresa May's Conservatives, but not landslide victory Kabul attack serves as a grim reminder for international community: Afghanistan is headed towards anarchy Business Gear up for change in petrol, diesel prices every day; new rule to kick in from 16 June Planning to book a flight ticket? You may soon be required to provide Aadhaar card or PAN as ID Tata Sons garners Rs 10,300 cr from TCS buyback programme, tenders 3.6 cr shares IDBI Bank sets up dept to manage bad loans, after being put "under watch" by RBI Favourable monsoon may give boost to CV loans, recovery in microfinance: Moody's & ICRA Sensex ends 58 pts lower as traders maintain caution ahead of ECB meet, UK polls Entertainment Veere Di Wedding starts shooting in August; Sumeet Vyas to star opposite Kareena? Tokyo Trial: Irrfan Khan is perfect as Justice Pal, the only Indian judge on a World War II panel Wonder Woman actress Gal Gadot was pregnant while shooting for the superhero film Kajal Aggarwal, not Tamannaah Bhatia, to play lead role in Tamil remake of Queen Taapsee Pannu may play spy again in Operation Jinnah, after Baby, Naam Shabana Salman Khan's Bodyguard 2: Six years after being announced, news on sequel has petered out Photos Videos Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Oil rebounds but jitters keep Treasury yields, dollar down | Reuters Oil rebounds but jitters keep Treasury yields, dollar down | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 07 2017 03:00:06 IST #Reuters By Hilary Russ | NEW YORK NEW YORK Oil prices edged up on Tuesday, bouncing after sliding below $47 a barrel on pressure from a Mideast diplomatic rift, while U.S. Treasury yields and the dollar dropped to recent lows and world stocks dropped as political uncertainty pushed investors away from risky assets. The yen and gold gained as caution prevailed and ahead of testimony from the former head of the FBI, a British election and the European Central Bank's next move, which all happen on Thursday."We have risk events piling up," said Blake Gwinn, U.S. rates strategist at NatWest Markets in Stamford, Connecticut. "We'll be very focused on what happens on Thursday, but it might end up being a dud."Leading Arab powers including Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates cut ties with Qatar on Monday, accusing it of supporting Islamist militants and Iran.U.S. crude CLcv1 rose 1.35 percent to $48.04 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 was last at $49.94, up 0.95 percent on the day.Wall Street closed lower for a second day after both European and Asian stocks dropped during their sessions. The largest weight on the S&P 500 was Amazon (AMZN.O), down 0.8 percent. Walmart (WMT.N) fell 1.7 percent to $78.93 after Amazon said it would offer its Prime subscription service at a discount to U.S. customers on government aid, taking aim at a piece of Walmart's customer base. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 47.81 points, or 0.23 percent, to 21,136.23, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 6.77 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,429.33 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 20.63 points, or 0.33 percent, to 6,275.06. [nL3N1J34CK]On what BayernLB analysts called "Super Thursday", British voters will also go to polls in an increasingly unpredictable general election, the European Central Bank is due to meet and former FBI director James Comey will testify before Congress."Once these events pass, we may have a little more clarity and therefore see a little less caution in the markets," said Craig Erlam, a market analyst for OANDA securities. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 lost 0.62 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.28 percent.Investors piled into gold, U.S. Treasuries and German government bonds, among the world's safest assets. German 10-year borrowing costs dropped DE10YT=TWEB to six-week lows. U.S. 10-year Treasury yields, last at 2.145 percent, dropped as low as 2.129 percent, a seven-month low US10YT=RR. Gold XAU= briefly touched a high of $1,295.97, prices not seen since November. A run of weaker-than-expected U.S. data dragged bond yields lower even though the Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise U.S. interest rates a quarter point next week. ECONALLUS Sterling GBP= turned flat ahead of Thursday's general election. British Prime Minister Theresa May looks on course to increase her parliamentary majority, a poll showed, shortly after another survey suggested the race with the Labour Party was neck and neck. The dollar fell to a more than six-week low against the yen JPY= and was at its weakest since the November U.S. election against a basket of other world currencies .DXY.On Thursday, reports suggest former FBI chief Comey plans to talk about conversations in which U.S. President Donald Trump allegedly pressured him to drop his investigation into former national security adviser Mike Flynn, who was fired for failing to disclose conversations with Russian officials. The Mexican peso posted a second day of gains after U.S. and Mexican governments reached a new preliminary agreement to shift their sugar trade mix.For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan in London, Richa Naidu in Chicago, Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and Richard Leong, Saqib Iqbal Ahmed, Rodrigo Campos and Jessica Resnick-Ault in New York; Editing by David Gregorio) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 07, 2017 03:00 am | Updated Date: Jun 07, 2017 03:00 am Also See Manchester attacker's younger brother arrested in Tripoli - spokesman | Reuters UK police arrest fifth person in connection with Manchester attack | Reuters British police hunt possible bomb-maker, accomplices after Manchester bombing - sources | Reuters Lupin warns of more pricing pressure as fourth-quarter profit halves | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN 2 Jun 10 ENG Vs AUS 3 Jun 11 IND Vs SA 4 Jun 12 SL Vs PAK 5 Jun 14 A1 Vs B2 Full Schedule Top Stories Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Loan waiver is no solution, but does govt have any other ideas? Farmer Protest Live: Rahul Gandhi Says Modi Govt Has Forgotten Farmers Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing June 1, Global Parent’s Day: Tips for parents to save on their child’s education Treat Madhya Pradesh farmers' protest with urgency; a contagion could deepen the crisis Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Kollywood's in crisis, with its films failing, GST looming, and political instability in Tamil Nadu Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs SL Live Now ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK Vs SA Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs NZ England beat New Zealand by 87 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs BAN Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs PAK - Jun 12th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A1 vs B2 - Jun 14th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 15th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A2 vs B1 - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO vs ZIM - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-08 Brad Pitt Mocks Trump’s Stance On Climate Change In New Comedy Sketch [Video] Entertainment 2017-06-08 Jay-Z’s New Album To Be A ‘Lemonade’-Style Video Project Entitled ‘4:44?’ Entertainment 2017-06-07 ‘Futurama’ Departure From Netflix Leaves Fans Bereft Entertainment 2017-06-07 ‘Breaking Bad’ Gets Virtual Reality Experience As Vince Gilligan Teams Up With Sony News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News World 2017-06-08 No Longer Competing With Kate Middleton For Royal Privileges, ‘Blood Princess’ Beatrice Finds Her Own Success News 2017-06-08 North Korea Fired 4 Cruise Missiles That Could Potentially Take Out A Carrier Due To Precision Targeting News 2017-06-08 Neil White, Husband Of NBC VP, Chokes Seven-Year-Old Daughter To Death In Her Bed News 2017-06-07 Eric Schneiderman: N.Y. Attorney General’s Investigation, Sealed Indictment Could Send Donald Trump To Prison Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-08 WWE Rumors: Kurt Angle Could Face Triple H In His In-Ring Return Later This Year Wrestling 2017-06-08 Latest Update Regarding Daniel Bryan’s ‘SmackDown Live’ Return Revealed Wrestling 2017-06-08 WWE News: How Has John Cena’s Hiatus Financially Impacted WWE? Baseball 2017-06-08 Mike Zunino Hits Game-Winning Home Run, Seattle Mariners Win Series Over Minnesota Twins Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-08 Powerball Jackpot Rolls To $435 Million, Watch Powerball Drawing And Check Winning Numbers [Video] Lifestyle 2017-06-08 When Is Father’s Day 2017 And Who Started The Holiday? Lifestyle 2017-06-07 Will Bill Murray’s Next Role Be BBQ Dad? Lifestyle 2017-06-07 90-Year-Olds Prove Bucket Lists Are Not Just For The Young Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-08 Dangerous New Weight-Loss Trend: ‘Sleeping Beauty Diet’ Health 2017-06-07 Animal Testing Suggests Anti-Heroin Vaccine Could Prevent Addicts From Relapsing Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-07 Microsoft Clarifies Xbox One Backward Compatibility Reports Of Less Than 2 Percent Played Gaming 2017-06-07 ‘Overwatch’ Anniversary Event Ends With Double Experience Over The Weekend Gaming 2017-06-07 Xbox E3 2017 Teasers Point To Xbox Scorpio Launch Date And Price Gaming 2017-06-07 What To Expect From ‘The Sims’ At The 2017 EA Play FanFest BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-08 Woman Discovers Husband-To-Be Is Gay, Writes Raw Ebay 1.35-Carat Diamond Ring Pitch, Gets 30K Facebook Likes BuzzWorthy 2017-06-08 50th Summer of Love: San Francisco Denies Park Permit To Hippies, Suddenly Schedules Its Own Free Concert BuzzWorthy 2017-06-08 ‘One Thicc Bih’: The Insanely Catchy Pop Music Meme About Lewd Cartoons [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-08 Gay Babadook: Netflix Accidentally Made The Movie A Fierce LGBTQ Meme SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Tracy Morgan Faces Payout Dispute With Walmart Celebrity News 1 0 0 June 6, 2017 Tracy Morgan Faces Payout Dispute With Walmart Dash Branson In 2014, actor/comedian Tracy Morgan suffered multiple injuries when a Walmart truck crashed into his vehicle. The incident left Morgan with brain damage and many broken bones. Morgan also lost his friend, fellow comedian Jimmy Mack. The accident reportedly earned Tracy Morgan a $90 million lawsuit payout. Throughout the settlement case, Morgan was never required to testify in front of a judge. However, the insurance companies for Walmart recently tried to get Morgan to testify about the matter because they feel his award of $90 million was a bit too generous despite the injuries and medical expenses he endured. The insurance companies are challenging that Tracy Morgan exaggerated his injuries and the incident in order to receive a big settlement. The insurers for Walmart, Ohio Casualty and Liberty International Underwriters, are accusing the company of not properly investigating the entire situation. Kevin Roper pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide. Tracy Morgan’s attorney, Benedict Morelli, spoke about the situation this morning on CBS This Morning. Morelli stated that he will not allow his client to testify because “he was a victim once and we will not allow him to be a victim again.” Morelli also expressed that the insurers have no reasoning to dispute the settlement. Walmart reportedly paid Morgan and the other affected passengers with their own money, as opposed to receiving the money from their insurance companies. Now that Walmart is looking to be recompensated, the insurance companies want to sue Morgan instead of paying back Walmart. [Image by Michele Crowe/ Getty Images] After the 2014 accident, Morgan spent a week in the hospital in a coma. In his new stand-up special, Staying Alive, which premiered on Netflix May 16, the actor tells hilarious jokes to shed light on the accident. More importantly, he is celebrating that he is still here. The special was also the first time Morgan has returned to the stage in three years. That is definitely something to celebrate, especially when, at the time of the accident, fans and friends did not know if he would be able to make it out of the coma. On CBS This Morning, Morgan’s attorney further expressed his feelings on the matter by telling the morning crew about how he will continue to defend his client with his best interest all the way to the end. He also stated that the companies are seeking photos of Tracy’s Lamborghini, which he feels does not have anything to do with the case they are trying to make against his client. [Image by Peter Kramer/ Getty Images] In the trailer for Staying Alive, Morgan returns to the stage healthy and better than ever. He reveals that his proudest moment during his healing process was learning how to walk again at the same time as his daughter. He also tells the audience at one moment, “I miss doing this.” [Image by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for Bronx Children’s Museum] Now Read This: Maddie Ziegler Signs With IMG Models, Happy To Move On From Reality TV Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Dash Branson Tags: tracy morgan, walmart June 8, 2017 Daphne Oz, ‘The Chew’ Co-Host, Pregnant Again! Dr. Oz’s Daughter Talks Baby And Weight Loss June 7, 2017 Kylie Jenner And Kendall Jenner Reportedly Struggle To Fill Caitlyn Jenner ‘Void’: Are Boyfriends Helping? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Maddie Ziegler Signs With IMG Models, Happy To Move On From Reality TV Kelly Ripa And Ryan Seacrest On The Rocks Already? Seacrest Reportedly Miserable In NYC Brad Pitt Mocks Trump’s Stance On Climate Change In New Comedy Sketch [Video] Daphne Oz, ‘The Chew’ Co-Host, Pregnant Again! Dr. Oz’s Daughter Talks Baby And Weight Loss No Longer Competing With Kate Middleton For Royal Privileges, ‘Blood Princess’ Beatrice Finds Her Own Success WWE Rumors: Kurt Angle Could Face Triple H In His In-Ring Return Later This Year Woman Discovers Husband-To-Be Is Gay, Writes Raw Ebay 1.35-Carat Diamond Ring Pitch, Gets 30K Facebook Likes Nicole Kidman Suffered Rage Attack After Filming ‘Little Big Lies’ Rape Scene George And Amal Clooney’s Twins: George’s Dad Nick Clooney Gushes Over His New Grandkids ‘Teen Mom’ Star Kailyn Lowry Writing A New Book, Details Pregnancy And Divorce? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Faith-Healing Christian Parents Charged With Murder After Death Of Premature Newborn 10.8k 0 0 ‘Making A Murderer’ Lawyer Alleges Ex-Boyfriend Of Halbach Was Murderer [Breaking] 7.8k 0 0 Jim Carrey Set To Face Trial Over Ex-Girlfriend’s Death After Judge Refuses To Dismiss Wrongful Death Lawsuit 9.7k 0 0 Russia May Have Hacked Voting Database, Casting Cloud Over 2016 Election Results, Explosive New Report Says 6.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Affair Rumor: Novelist Accuses First Lady Of Cheating For ‘Many Years’ 11.4k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 12.1k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Photos Videos Topics Live IND 321/6 (50) - SL (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi News Business News GLOBAL MARKETS-Oil rebounds but jitters keep Treasury yields, dollar down Shares0 Wed, 7 Jun 2017-02:40am , Reuters "We have risk events piling up," said Blake Gwinn, U. S. rates strategist at NatWest Markets in Stamford, Connecticut. Oil prices edged up on Tuesday, bouncing after sliding below $47 a barrel on pressure from a Mideast diplomatic rift, while U.S. Treasury yields and the dollar dropped to recent lows and world stocks dropped as political uncertainty pushed investors away from risky assets. The yen and gold gained as caution prevailed and ahead of testimony from the former head of the FBI, a British election and the European Central Bank's next move, which all happen on Thursday. "We have risk events piling up," said Blake Gwinn, U.S. rates strategist at NatWest Markets in Stamford, Connecticut. "We'll be very focused on what happens on Thursday, but it might end up being a dud." Leading Arab powers including Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates cut ties with Qatar on Monday, accusing it of supporting Islamist militants and Iran. U.S. crude rose 1.35 percent to $48.04 per barrel and Brent was last at $49.94, up 0.95 percent on the day. Wall Street closed lower for a second day after both European and Asian stocks dropped during their sessions. The largest weight on the S&P 500 was Amazon, down 0.8 percent. Walmart fell 1.7 percent to $78.93 after Amazon said it would offer its Prime subscription service at a discount to U.S. customers on government aid, taking aim at a piece of Walmart's customer base. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 47.81 points, or 0.23 percent, to 21,136.23, the S&P 500 lost 6.77 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,429.33 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 20.63 points, or 0.33 percent, to 6,275.06. On what BayernLB analysts called "Super Thursday", British voters will also go to polls in an increasingly unpredictable general election, the European Central Bank is due to meet and former FBI director James Comey will testify before Congress. "Once these events pass, we may have a little more clarity and therefore see a little less caution in the markets," said Craig Erlam, a market analyst for OANDA securities. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index lost 0.62 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.28 percent. Investors piled into gold, U.S. Treasuries and German government bonds, among the world's safest assets. German 10-year borrowing costs dropped to six-week lows. U.S. 10-year Treasury yields, last at 2.145 percent, dropped as low as 2.129 percent, a seven-month low. Gold briefly touched a high of $1,295.97, prices not seen since November. A run of weaker-than-expected U.S. data dragged bond yields lower even though the Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise U.S. interest rates a quarter point next week. Sterling turned flat ahead of Thursday's general election. British Prime Minister Theresa May looks on course to increase her parliamentary majority, a poll showed, shortly after another survey suggested the race with the Labour Party was neck and neck. The dollar fell to a more than six-week low against the yen and was at its weakest since the November U.S. election against a basket of other world currencies. On Thursday, reports suggest former FBI chief Comey plans to talk about conversations in which U.S. President Donald Trump allegedly pressured him to drop his investigation into former national security adviser Mike Flynn, who was fired for failing to disclose conversations with Russian officials. The Mexican peso posted a second day of gains after U.S. and Mexican governments reached a new preliminary agreement to shift their sugar trade mix. For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business Uber fires executive who obtained Delhi rape victim's medical reports Business General Motors dealers plan class action suit over 'measly' compensation Business HDIL fails to repay loan, CBI seizes its Kurla property Business Demonetisation: Tax officials surprised as Delhi deposits Rs 56,665 cr & Mumbai Rs 35,272 cr in old currency Business DNA Money Edit: Housing finance to become thrust area for banks Business Lack of process can cause more damage Live Cricket Score Live IND 321/6 (50) SL (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Go for STP, SIP in current market scenario Top seven Indian outsourcing companies got fewer H-1B visas in 2016: Report Starting June 6, Etihad Airways, Emirates Airlines to cancel all flights to Qatar Zee Business RBI's new rules may make India Inc shun masala bonds GST to boost gold industry, demand to touch 950 tonne by 2020, World Gold Council says RBI says 83% currency remonetised but does it really matter? Transaction charges: Which is the cheapest mode of money transfer between UPI, IMPS and NEFT? Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags Donald Trump European Central Bank James Comey Theresa May Walmart BayernLB Congress Connecticut Egypt Iran MSCI Qatar Saudi Arabia UK United Arab Emirates U. S. Treasuries U. S. Treasury FBI Amazon Central Bank German S&P Craig Erlam Dow Jones Industrial Average Federal Reserve Labour Party Mideast Mike Flynn Nasdaq Composite Oanda Stamford United Arab Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News After-being-accused-for-Gulf-crisis,-Trump-now-offers-to-resolve-it Rajnath to review security on Indo-Myanmar Border with NE CMs Dry state no more: Kerala to allow bar licences to 3-4-star hotels Prez race: Panel of 9 non-NDA parties to decide on consensus Explosives, including detonators, seized in police raid Sports Soccer-Sweden's Krafth aims to contain skillful France winger Payet Olympics-Games rights holder Discovery backs Paris 2024 bid over LA INTERVIEW-Athletics-Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Rugby-Four new caps in Bok shake-up ahead of French test Meghana finishes fourth in women's Air Rifle at Gabala WC Entertainment Phil Collins postpones London concerts after gashing head Gal Gadot thanks fans for showering love on 'Wonder Woman' Phil Collins cancels Royal Albert Hall shows after bad fall 'Magadheera' makers withdraw case, 'Raabta' to release Disha Patani shares her excitement on being roped for 'Baaghi 2' Business Civil Aviation Ministry launches DigiYatra for air passengers EU bill foresees sanctions for accountants, banks helping dodge tax Rupee gains 12 paise against dollar, ends at 3-week high Ex-judges of Delhi HC to get domestic help at court expense Hester Bio board approves $3 mn investment in African arm Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Oil rebounds but jitters keep Treasury yields, dollar down By Reuters Published: 17:09 EDT, 6 June 2017 | Updated: 17:09 EDT, 6 June 2017 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, June 6 (Reuters) - Oil prices edged up on Tuesday, bouncing after sliding below $47 a barrel on pressure from a Mideast diplomatic rift, while U.S. Treasury yields and the dollar dropped to recent lows and world stocks dropped as political uncertainty pushed investors away from risky assets. The yen and gold gained as caution prevailed and ahead of testimony from the former head of the FBI, a British election and the European Central Bank's next move, which all happen on Thursday. "We have risk events piling up," said Blake Gwinn, U.S. rates strategist at NatWest Markets in Stamford, Connecticut. "We'll be very focused on what happens on Thursday, but it might end up being a dud." Leading Arab powers including Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates cut ties with Qatar on Monday, accusing it of supporting Islamist militants and Iran. U.S. crude rose 1.35 percent to $48.04 per barrel and Brent was last at $49.94, up 0.95 percent on the day. Wall Street closed lower for a second day after both European and Asian stocks dropped during their sessions. The largest weight on the S&amp;P 500 was Amazon, down 0.8 percent. Walmart fell 1.7 percent to $78.93 after Amazon said it would offer its Prime subscription service at a discount to U.S. customers on government aid, taking aim at a piece of Walmart's customer base. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 47.81 points, or 0.23 percent, to 21,136.23, the S&amp;P 500 lost 6.77 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,429.33 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 20.63 points, or 0.33 percent, to 6,275.06. On what BayernLB analysts called "Super Thursday", British voters will also go to polls in an increasingly unpredictable general election, the European Central Bank is due to meet and former FBI director James Comey will testify before Congress. "Once these events pass, we may have a little more clarity and therefore see a little less caution in the markets," said Craig Erlam, a market analyst for OANDA securities. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index lost 0.62 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.28 percent. Investors piled into gold, U.S. Treasuries and German government bonds, among the world's safest assets. German 10-year borrowing costs dropped to six-week lows. U.S. 10-year Treasury yields, last at 2.145 percent, dropped as low as 2.129 percent, a seven-month low. Gold briefly touched a high of $1,295.97, prices not seen since November. A run of weaker-than-expected U.S. data dragged bond yields lower even though the Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise U.S. interest rates a quarter point next week. Sterling turned flat ahead of Thursday's general election. British Prime Minister Theresa May looks on course to increase her parliamentary majority, a poll showed, shortly after another survey suggested the race with the Labour Party was neck and neck. The dollar fell to a more than six-week low against the yen and was at its weakest since the November U.S. election against a basket of other world currencies. On Thursday, reports suggest former FBI chief Comey plans to talk about conversations in which U.S. President Donald Trump allegedly pressured him to drop his investigation into former national security adviser Mike Flynn, who was fired for failing to disclose conversations with Russian officials. The Mexican peso posted a second day of gains after U.S. and Mexican governments reached a new preliminary agreement to shift their sugar trade mix. For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan in London, Richa Naidu in Chicago, Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and Richard Leong, Saqib Iqbal Ahmed, Rodrigo Campos and Jessica Resnick-Ault in New York; Editing by David Gregorio) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey 'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham dresses for her fashion fatigue in a blue pyjama set after a non-stop week in New York City Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand No auto tune needed! Britney Spears proves she has a flawless voice as she shares unedited clip of her singing hit, Toxic Talented Heavy night? Myleene Klass wears SHADES in the dark as she heads home after a boozy evening at Graduate Fashion Week Gala Bleary-eyed Daisy Lowe cuts a dishevelled figure in her eye-popping gown as she leaves the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition party Alesha Dixon displays her enviable abs in a tiny bandeau top as she attends fashion event with boyfriend Azuka Ononye Flashing flesh Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man at NYC event Louise Redknapp reveals she was in BED with husband Jamie when false claims of marriage woes surfaced... as she insists they're 'great' Leggy Katie Piper wows in chic floral mini dress and nude wedges as she leaves Manchester hotel ahead of Ideal Home Show appearance He's hooked! Sam Claflin can't take his eyes off stunning wife Laura Haddock as they attend the London premiere of new film My Cousin Rachel Pregnant Tamsin Egerton exhibits her baby bump in smock dress as she joins partner Josh Hartnett at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Bra-vo!  'Relationship guru' Stephanie Davis weighs in on Ellie and Lotan's kiss on Big Brother... as she mocks her own saga with Jeremy McConnell in TV debut  Chloe Meadows sports neon orange bikini during Dubai getaway... after former pal Megan McKenna claimed she only wanted to reconcile for 'storylines' 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor in tense scenes on KUWTK Dating Tristan Thompson That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Doting dad  Kim Kardashian knocks back tequila while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol) Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley If you've got it! Christie Brinkley, 63, puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Leggy lady!  Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary discusses her painful Brazilian butt lift... before sobbing when her housemates vote her most likely to cheat on a boyfriend 'That's your first strike!': Arthur Fullford clashes with Joe, Hannah AND Imran on Big Brother... as viewers brand him 'most irritating person ever' Down to a fine art! Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition Victoria Beckham unveils leather trousers and neon shoes in a VERY edgy new line she says is 'rooted in reality' (but some items will set you back £3,000) Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save the vaquita porpoise which could become extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage as she leads the glamour alongside Katherine Jenkins and Arizona Muse at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Look out ladies, Poldark's back on the market! Aidan Turner and girlfriend Nettie Wakefield 'split after being driven apart by conflicting schedules' 'We agree to disagree': Katy Perry reveals how her devoutly Christian parents reacted to sexually suggestive lyrics in Bon Appétit song One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by torrential rain  What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut tummy in black hoodie and tracksuit bottoms as she runs errands in LA A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Radiant in red  Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple  His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays touching tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown that shows off her incredible figure as she supports her NBC show This Is Us Blue-tiful Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops  Katherine Jenkins exudes elegance as she goes hand-in-hand with husband Andrew Levitas at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition 'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 Lauren Silverman slips her svelte frame into elegant green lace gown as she supports casually-clad partner Simon Cowell at his charity ball in London Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Quirky What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York City Shimmering star  They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Reunion Alec Baldwin looks dapper as stunning wife Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation Cute couple  Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress and shimmering silver heels at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Myleene Klass dazzles in a demure strapless dress at fashion gala after baring all in VERY plunging white gown the day before Glamorous display  Kym Marsh relaxes with her family at curry house opening in Manchester... after being praised for 'moving' British Soap Awards tribute to late son Archie All Night Long! Legendary Rnb singer Lionel Richie coming Down Under with Nile Rodgers for six city Aussie tour  Australians rejoice  'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto admits he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to be a dad Pixie Lott shows off her long legs in a racy double split yellow gown with a daring plunge front as she leads the glamour at lavish charity ball Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket and skinny jeans as she touches down in Los Angeles Jet set style  Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach as she puts on an energetic display on Battle Of The Network Stars A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls and orange jacket as she heads out for coffee in New York Radiant redhead  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville Plunging neckline 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on The Real Housewives Of New York City Make-up free Apprentice star Luisa Zissman cradles her baby daughter Indigo as she pays a visit to her local garden centre Low profile  Ariana Grande is back onstage amid heightened security as she resumes Dangerous Woman tour in Paris after Manchester attack Spot on! Margot Robbie flaunts trim pins in a summery polka dot frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish on Wednesday 'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Mollie King proves her fashionable flair by swapping the traditional party dress for a striking rose gold trouser suit at Barry M's anniversary bash Doctor Who's new hue: Pearl Mackie shares a daring amount of sideboob in a striking coral gown as she wows at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition Twiggy, 67, goes heavy on the millennial pink as she proves she can still turn heads at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection Will be available on her official website Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX Paired her sandals with a black Ivy Park hoodie Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she ignores ex Scott Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny grey mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry in Miami rain Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Wore tight gym clothing  Suited beauty Victoria Pendleton looks slick in an equestrian-style suit at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition... after trading cycling for horse riding Ellie Bamber proudly shows off a Stone Roses tee beneath her retro pastel co-ord as she makes a style statement at Royal Academy Summer bash Pretty as a picture! Emilia Fox exudes elegance in whimsical printed midi dress as she storms Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Girl power! Former Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard reunites with unlikely pal Rihanna in Malawi as pair seek to raise $3 billion for better education Suki Waterhouse, 25, is reunited with rumoured beau Diego Luna, 37,as they step out in Manhattan after her appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as the actress declares 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of her 50th birthday 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!' John Cena describes the moment he proposed to his Nikki Bella in front of MILLIONS of fans Rough night? Bleary-eyed Mark Wright looks just a tad worse for wear after partying with his sister Jess at nightclub in Los Angeles Weary  I'm Still Standing! Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form as he bounces back from 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency Ariana Grande's manager confirms that Noel Gallagher was never asked to perform at Manchester One Love ... after he was SLAMMED by Liam  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt Getting ready to board Tequila, it won't kill ya, says Nigella: Culinary queen Lawson 'gargles' with spirits to remedy her 'fluey' symptoms Gargled with Mexican spirit Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Jaime Winstone debuts her dazzling engagement ring as she cosies up to her DJ 'fiancé' James Suckling at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition  Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Love Island's Katie Salmon flashes her cleavage in lace-up camouflage dress as she joins Zaralena Jackson for swimwear launch in Manchester Denise Van Outen is casually chic in pink floral shirt and trendy lace choker as she makes a radiant arrival at her BUILD Series talk Casually chic Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Actress revealed her cancer has returned The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes 'We didn't have scales as kids': Sophie Ellis-Bextor has BANNED the word 'diet' from her home... following encouragement from her mother 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film Open for a return Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Posted a new image on social media Hysterical Holly Willoughby 'nearly wets herself' before downing gin on This Morning... the morning after partying hard at the Glamour Awards 'Our babies cause mayhem together!': Kimberley Walsh gushes about fellow mum and BFF Cheryl... and reveals she's ready to have another child  Fancy seeing you here! Former TOWIE star Jess Wright makes surprise appearance at Chris Brown's documentary premiere in Los Angeles Braless Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display in a garish jumpsuit with a patterned cape at Midsummer Ball charity bash From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'It's not the 18th century!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'take care of her kids' after she posted video of herself partying Punching pupils... and that was just the teachers. Ackley Bridge was Waterloo Road with Hijabs and a slice of modern Britain, by JIM SHELLEY Big Brother's Mandy brags about her SEX TAPE in front of her daughter... as Ellie and Lotan kiss in the hot tub before getting steamy under the covers 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Perrie Edwards and Jesy Nelson go wild on stage at Little Mix concert in Stockholm... after Jennifer Saunders 'scolds' them for awards no-show Defiant Stephanie Davis goes braless in a revealing top after accusing Jeremy McConnell's ex-girlfriend of using her 'name for fame' Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight as she shares racy behind the scenes look at Bon Appétit music video Good enough to eat!  EXCLUSIVE: 'I wore tiny pants to hide my hangover': Human Ken Doll is a dead ringer for Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in budgie smugglers 'Children don't need to see such exposure!' Ann Widdecombe calls for 'X-rated' Amanda Holden to be FIRED from BGT following string of racy dresses Make-up free Felicity Jones steps out for shopping spree... hours after revealing her engagement ring at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit Jessica Simpson slammed for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Shooting her TV Land half-hour show Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo First debuted her makeover in May Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead of suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sad news  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Much-loved storybook nanny 'Affecting my fertility was a wake-up call': Christine McGuinness hits back at accusations of promoting anorexia as husband Paddy helped her overcome eating disorder 'I like Royalty, Prince and Duchess': Katie Price shares names planned for baby number SIX... despite daughter Princess shunning her moniker Southampton striker Charlie Austin and wife Bianca RE-FOLLOW each other on Twitter... after cutting ties when she cryptically claimed he had been 'cheating' 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium Has added to her feline brood SPOILER ALERT 'What more could we want?' Love Island's Montana and Chloe pin their hopes on new Boy Bombshells as Chris and Jonny arrive to shake couples up  Caroline Flack suffers double nip-slip as her plunging ruffled dress fails to contain her ample assets as she leaves Glamour Awards Oops Pregnant Ferne McCann covers her bump as she joins anti-bullying campaign... amid TOWIE pal Vas Morgan's criticisms of her 'choice of men' Leggy Amy Childs flaunts her post-baby body in a scarlet summer dress as she celebrates turning 27 with newborn daughter Polly MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in tiny blue bikini as she parties by the pool with her pals on Greek getaway Jorgie Porter puts her shapely pins on show in thigh-skimming shirt dress as she enjoys girly brunch in West Hollywood Legs eleven  Good night? Make-up free Fearne Cotton clutches a huge flask of coffee after partying into the early hours at Glamour Awards Getting some fresh air Supermarket sweep! Casually-clad Coleen Rooney displays her post-holiday glow as she leaves the shops laden down with groceries  Shopping in style  'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins  Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy She's expecting  Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Emma Willis looks exhausted on This Morning following 'tipsy' Glamour Awards... and reveals Holly Willoughby made her STAGE DIVE at her wedding 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses marriage to Daniel Craig Still stunning  'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Happy couple Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in a translucent LBD during dinner date with The Weeknd in NYC Baring all Making waves! Cody Simpson speaks at the United Nation's Ocean's Conference after being named their FIRST advocate New role Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted trousers Striking Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cosies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville Made a solo trip to the event on Wednesday 'It gives you goosebumps': The Voice Kids judge Pixie Lott is a sexy señorita in floral Bardot gown... as she marvels at 'magical' maturity of contestants 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne smugly reveals Cheryl has son Bear sleeping at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik 'He was actually really cool about it': Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after agreeing to drunken dare Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Walmart’s new automated drive-up ‘kiosk’ is the grocery store of the future Brittany A. Roston - Jun 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Walmart just made a surprise announcement — it has launched a drive-up ‘kiosk’ in Oklahoma City, one where customers are given their groceries in a pre-assembled package via an automated system. The actual shopping part of the buying arrangement is completed ahead of time via the company’s website in the comfort of your home or office. If all this sounds familiar, that’s because it is: Amazon is working on something similar, having just launched its own drive-up grocery store in Seattle. This automated kiosk, which looks like a giant rectangular box plastered with Walmart imagery, is located in the parking lot of a Walmart Supercenter on Council Rd. in Oklahoma City. The building is 80ft x 20ft in size, and it is equipped with packaged bins full of ordered goods that can be selected on the website and picked up a short while later. The available products include fresh goods like milk, meat, and dairy — basically everything available inside of the Supercenter. The selection process is performed by the Walmart associate who fulfills orders and packages them up in bins. Once the orders are all bundled up, the packages are taken to the kiosk, where the customer drives up to retrieve them. A station of some sort is available on the side of the kiosk, where customers enter their unique pick-up code. The automated system then finds the correct package and brings it down to the customer, who can then put it in their car and drive away. The entire pick-up process is said to take only a few minutes at most. It’s easy to see the appeal of such a system, and it was only a matter of time before stores began to embrace such technology. Disabled and elderly individuals, for example, as well as anyone else with limited mobility, may experience a greater sense of independence thanks to this system. In the same way, such a kiosk is appealing to those who don’t have much spare time. Even rapid shopping inside a grocery store can take 20 or 30 minutes, whereas orders available on demand require only several minutes. Walmart says the kiosk is being tested in the aforementioned region for now, so don’t expect to find one at your own local store. This isn’t the only test the company is conducting, with Walmart officials telling local news station NewsOK that it is also testing other concepts in other markets. One is said to be a similar ‘tower’-like kiosk that lets customers pick up general merchandise rather than groceries. SOURCE: NewsOK Image via NewsOK Story Timeline Nintendo Switch in stock at Walmart on launch day Walmart's Vudu service now lets you convert discs into digital movies Walmart taps VR to train store employees Tags BusinessshoppingWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes E3 2017 Schedule: Press conferences for Nintendo, Microsoft, and more Apple let me down: 3 things I wanted to see at WWDC 2017 Apple’s HomePod sounds terrific – but the Siri Speaker has a big issue iPad Pro with iOS 11 isn’t enough to compete with the Surface Pro 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Latest Headlines 5 Things You Need To Know About The 2017 Honda Ridgeline Black Edition Jun 8, 2017 Android versus iOS 11: what Google needs to do Jun 8, 2017 ROLI’s $299 Seaboard Block is a modular squishy-keyed keyboard Jun 8, 2017 iOS 11 features Apple didn’t talk about at WWDC 2017 Jun 8, 2017 Super Nintendo World’s main attraction will be Mario Kart Jun 8, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Jun 6, 2017 Vizio SmartCast M65-D1 Review Jun 5, 2017 HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Celebrity Stories» Russian Hackers Lurk in Britney Spears' Instagram Cosby Accuser Doesn't Stumble in 7 Hours on Witness Stand Lochte: I May Have Been 'Most Hated Person in the World' MTV Reality Star Found Dead Jerry Seinfeld Has an Extremely Awkward Non-Hug What Cosby's Chief Accuser Said on the Stand Weeks Before Olympic Win, She Had an Abortion Bill Maher Will Face Ice Cube on His Return George and Amal Clooney's Twins Are Here First Cosby Witness Explains What He 'Made Me' Do Bob Dylan Delivers 'Eloquent' Nobel Prize Lecture 'Iconic' Voice Returning to Monday Night Football Celebrity / Tracy Morgan Go to Grid|Next Story Insurers Sue Walmart Over Tracy Morgan Settlement The comedian is refusing the insurers' demand for a deposition By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted Jun 6, 2017 2:12 PM CDT 65 comments Comments Two insurance companies are suing Walmart over the company's settlement with Tracy Morgan following a 2014 accident involving a company truck and the comedian.   (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP) (Newser) – Walmart settled with Tracy Morgan after a truck owned by the company plowed into the comedian's limousine van in 2014—injuring Morgan and killing one of his friends—but it seems Walmart's insurers aren't too happy about that settlement. CBS News reports Ohio Casualty and Liberty Insurance Underwriters are suing Walmart over the settlement, claiming Morgan exaggerated his injuries to get money. They want Morgan to submit to a seven-hour deposition, but the comedian is refusing. Morgan's lawyer, Benedict Morelli, tells Page Six the demand amounts to "harassment," adding that his client was "devastatingly injured." Morgan suffered a broken leg, broken ribs, and what a lawyer called a "traumatic brain injury." Officials ruled that the driver of Walmart's truck was responsible for the accident and hadn't slept in 28 hours, though Morgan and his passengers exacerbated their injuries by not wearing seat belts, People reports. Morgan and another injured passenger reportedly settled with Walmart for $90 million, though Morelli says that figure is "not even close" to accurate. Walmart says the settlement with Morgan was "amicable," and Morelli says the two insurance companies are just upset that after years of taking Walmart's premiums, they have to pay some of that money out. A judge will reportedly decide this month if Morgan must sit for the deposition. "Could have been worse. I could have got hit by a Bob's Discount Furniture truck. You know they ain't got no f---ing money," Morgan jokes about the crash in his new Netflix special.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   13% Hilarious 15% Intriguing 7% Depressing 10% Brilliant 2% Scary 53% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 65 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Weeks Before Olympic Win, She Had an Abortion Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 65 comments Boz O'Clown 3 hours, 43 minutes ago The problem with the insurance company suing Walmart is finding a sympathetic jury. Ezekiel 25:17 Jun 7, 2017 10:36 AM CDT He wouldn't have got that much here. You are awarded actual medical costs plus some future medical costs plus $800,000. Before we did tort reform, we had lieyars advertising in massive media buys. This one lieyar took on so many tv cases he got disbarred because he could not keep track of them so he left people who sued at court with no lieyar present. We had to do something because lieyars were suing everybody for everything. On the day before tort reform went into place, some firms served big companies like GM, Boeing, Devon, etc for things that had not even occurred. A full year after the tort reform passed, one half of all liefirms operating in our city closed. Pretty much the cases that survive to trial are for real damages and not things like the famous McDonalds coffee thing. We we don't have multi-million dollar punitive damages any more. R.I.F. Jun 6, 2017 11:16 PM CDT "Exaggerated his injuries"? Surely no one would do something like that, would they? View all 65 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Kidnappers Find Out It's Unwise to Mess With Sharpshooter 1 Family Says Girl, 2, Died After Tick Bite 2 MTV Reality Star Found Dead 3 Mom Charged After Boy's Teeth Pulled in Walmart Restroom 4 Comey's Released Testimony Is 'Equivalent of the Nixon Tapes' 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Teacher Is Accused of Video-Taping Students in Disgusting Acts of Perversion The Weather Channel Trolls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Agreement Enter to Win a Trip to LA! Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Clumsy Waitress Was Arrested for What She Dropped in a Police Officer's Drink This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science How Drug Dealers Get Caught, as Told by a Police Officer Partner Links News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners 6/8 CBS2 Thursday Afternoon Weather Headlines Police: 20-Foot Aluminum Handicapped Ramp Stolen From LI Home Jersey City Mayor Calls Video Showing Officers Kicking Man On Fire After Crash... Go to CBS Local Pride Is Good for Employees, and It's Good for Business Capturing Private Moments in the LGBT Community How Inclusive Are U.S. Employers? Go to Ozy “Property Brothers” Drew and Jonathan made a stunning admission in this new... Thousands of dollars pour in for alleged NSA leaker Reality Winner as she... Escaping inmates learned the painful way that barbed wire is no joke Go to Rare Katy Perry Shades Taylor Swift In Dramatic New Interview: “Things Irritate Me” These Glow-In-The-Dark Doughnuts Are Perfect For Your Late Night Sweet Tooth 9 Reasons Why Your Period Is Late That Have Nothing To Do With Being Pregnant Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in blockbuster 'Super Bowl of Washington' event Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to him personally  Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of them will leave you seething) Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to ensure the perfect night's sleep Believing in God could help combat type 2 diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying smudges from your walls) 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery after last ditch appeal fails   What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say about you Playboy model, 27, reveals she had to celebrate first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating leftovers and the BEST topping to choose to get your money's worth  Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre because 'she believed it was a hoax' is jailed for five months and banned from visiting conspiracy websites 'I put my entire reputation on it': Auctioneer spends $50,000 proving that painting found in Arizona retiree's attic is a Jackson Pollock worth at least $10m  Are these the most pampered pets of all time? The furry friends that are fed fillet steak, roast dinners and even LOBSTER (and they probably eat better than you) Former bus driver who lived with his parents is found guilty of travelling to Syria to become an ISIS suicide bomber and spending months training with the jihadis Drinking 4 cups of coffee or just 1 of herbal tea each day protects against deadly liver disease Do YOU keep onions in the fridge? Why the vegetable will go off VERY quickly if you keep it chilled (and putting them in a paper bag is no better)  Previous Next Mormon mother takes seven-year-old son to Walmart bathroom and uses pliers to 'pull his healthy front teeth out as he screamed in pain' Jeannine Isom, 47, of Utah, charged with felony child abuse for allegedly extracting two of her youngest son's teeth in April  Police in American Fork say Isom bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers, led her son into Walmart bathroom and pulled his two upper front teeth  Only one of the teeth was slightly loose, and despite what Isom had told police, the teeth were not infected, according to a dentist  Police said Isom, a violinist and music teacher, has a history of mental illness   By Associated Press and Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com Published: 10:25 EDT, 6 June 2017 | Updated: 17:18 EDT, 6 June 2017 e-mail 37 shares 11 View comments Amateur dentist: Jeannine Isom, a mother-of-seven from Utah, has been charged with felony child abuse for allegedly pulling two of her 7-year-old son's teeth without any anesthetic  A Utah mother has been arrested and charged with child abuse after police say she had extracted two of her seven-year-old son's teeth without anesthesia in a Walmart restroom. Prosecutors said Monday the incident took place on April 2 when 47-year-old Jeannine Isom, nee Degaston, purchased hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the Cedar Hills Walmart, then took them into the family restroom and pulled her son's two upper front teeth. Police in American Fork say the boy's older brother heard the child screaming and got him out of the restroom. Charging documents say the younger boy told his brother that one of the teeth was loose, but the other was only slightly loose.  Prosecutors said Isom did not use any kind of anesthetic to make the tooth extraction less painful. Authorities launched a two-month investigation into the incident, which culminated in Isom's arrest on a charge of felony child abuse. Police in Utah say on April 2, Isom led the 7-year-old into a bathroom inside this Cedar Hills Walmart and used needle-nose pliers to extract his upper front teeth  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'Meth addict' mother 30, is arrested after her... Beloved 12-year-old dog named Walter was killed in his sleep... Share this article Share Sgt. Cameron Paul, of the American Fork Police Department, told Good4Utah only one of the teeth was slightly loose, while the other one was not loose at all. Paul added that when Isom began puling the teeth, they came out in multiple pieces, proving that 'they were still very much attached to this child's mouth.' When interviewed by police, Isom said she extracted the teeth because they were infected. A dentist who later examined the 7-year-old concluded there was no medical reason to remove the teeth, according to police. In February 2016, Isom was charged with a misdemeanor disorderly conduct. Police say the woman has a history of mental illness, reported the Daily Herald. According to a detailed website dedicated to her large family, Isom, the second of 10 children, is a violinist and music teacher who has seven children with her husband of nearly 30 years. Isom, pictured left with her husband during her sixth pregnancy more than a decade ago, told police the teeth were infected. Police said the woman has a history of mental illness Read more: Woman accused of child abuse after pulling child's loose Woman charged with child abuse after pulling son's teeth out with pliers at Walmart | Crime and Courts | heraldextra.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 37 shares Most watched News videos The floor is definitely lava! Toddler defiantly avoids touching grass Disturbing video shows final moments of Denny's chokehold victim Rex and Bob Ryan in a scuffle while in Nashville 'Leave!': Man verbally abuses muslim girls in a restaurant Huge alligator spotted on golf course in South Carolina Incredible great white shark encounter ends with stingray attack Crazy McDonald's customer jumps over counter to attack worker Robbery suspect in deadly shoot out with police in Baltimore Adorable baby sees mother clearly for first time with new glasses US contractor Reality Winner charged with leaking top-secret memo Bill Cosby leaves court after day 1 of his sex assault trial Donald Trump wishes James Comey ‘Luck’ on his testimony Firefighter who adopted the baby girl he delivered during... 'That little body looked like it had been pulverized from... PICTURED: California woman, 58, killed by shards of glass... Indiana couple and their son, 14, named as victims of... Grave of Ohio boy, 8, who hung himself is opened to... Jilted girlfriend, 27, 'went to ex-boyfriend's house on a... Transgender student, 15, who has not undergone surgery or... Horrifying moment cops 'surround innocent man who just... Aspiring model, 22, who once competed in the Miss Asia... Wheelchair bound woman sues United Airlines claiming she... Gloria Allred is kicked out of Bill Cosby trial after her... EXCLUSIVE: 'Nothing adds up' - Reality Winner's parents... American Airlines crew member, 50, is arrested after... Married teacher, 39, who 'filmed herself having... Hunt for tattooed woman who 'drugged and robbed two... 'Why I disagree with my dad': Ivanka Trump's US Weekly is... California Uber driver, 42, 'climbed in the backseat,... Married mother-of-four teacher, 49, is found sleeping in... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 11 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals rage she took home after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Stunning wife of Chicago Cubs baseball star Addison Russell accuses him of cheating on her on Instagram  The couple wed last June and have two kids Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider 'They were super into each other:' Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man in NYC  'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) 3 beds and 1.3 acres 'She can really sing!' Leaked version of Britney Spears' Toxic without auto-tune wows listeners, who say the 'flawless' song is even BETTER than original 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny gray mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry on a rainy day in Miami The pair hit South Beach Makeup-free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class in Los Angeles Plus-size models such as size 16 Ashley Graham are officially good for our mental health by boosting our self-esteem Study done at FSU 'Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Thought to require surgery on his head  'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Triumphant night Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in Santa Monica Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals her healthier figure a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit on Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in wardrobe malfunction 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on RHONY Posed au naturel for an English painter Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut stomach in black hoodie and tracksuit bottom as she runs errands in LA Looking good That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Carried the four-year-old Elegant Huma arrives at the Stephan Weiss Apple Awards to support longtime boss Hillary Clinton as she receives top honor Arrived separately 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary She looks ready to pop! Formula One motor racing star Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows her baby bump as family hits the beach ahead of birth 'I'm the One Nut Wonder': Tarek El Moussa reveals he has testicle implant due to cancer... and insists he KNEW about wife's fling with contractor 'Learning to code with Arabella tonight!' Ivanka joins in with her daughter's homework after hailing girls as next generation of leaders at the White House Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Posed on a bed PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt About to jet off Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand Prince Charles' wife Camilla pretends to knight a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show Braless British singer Ellie Goulding is branded 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade fans to be politically engaged as the UK goes to polls 'I use dance to clear my mind': Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her tiny waist and ample bust in new snap... after announcing she was quitting social media 'for a while' Country queen! Carrie Underwood flaunts her legs in glittering look at CMT Music Awards She highlighted her legs in a silver sequined top with a textured mini His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Handsome other half Anwar Hadid, 17, and pretty Transformers actress girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cozy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Gigi and Bella's brother Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere She looked ready to pop as she hit the premiere 'Moment you realize you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as she films hairdresser pal Ken Paves showing off his moves Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save vaquita porpoise - which could go extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Vowed to try to save them Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley Three generations  'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 If you've got it! Christie Brinkley puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Stunning at 63 Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown to support her NBC show This Is Us She looked gorgeous in an off-the-shoulder sapphire gown Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville The Girls Trip star made a solo trip to the awards Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman That's love! Actress Clare Bowen flaunts ample cleavage as she packs on the PDA with fiance Brandon Robert Young at the CMT Music Awards Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  'At school, nobody knew Rebel Wilson': Star accused of 'lying about her age, childhood and name in Hollywood so she would appear to be in her 20s' 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos 'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto says he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to become a father Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Become man and wife Staying active! Lauren Conrad explains how she remains fit and healthy during pregnancy... just days after revealing she's expecting a boy A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Czech model What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York Shimmering star  Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst They indulged in fast food together They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Classic film double act Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville The actress's dress featured a plunging neckline and a full skirt Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy Walked the red carpet How to Get Away with Murder co-stars Charlie Weber and Liza Weil have been 'secretly dating for a year' How to get away with dating your co-star From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Luann D'Agostino takes a tumble during Real Housewives Of New York trailer...as they head to Mexico for skinny dipping and alcohol Twinkle, twinkle! Margot Robbie flaunts her trim pins in a star print frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Her cancer has returned 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins actor in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls as she heads out for coffee in New York Turning heads for the right reasons Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket as she touches down in Los Angeles The 20-year-old rocked a leather biker jacket 'I'm the youngest 61-year-old I know!': Bob Saget on how finding love with blogger Kelly Rizzo, 38, has given him a new lust for life  Blossoming romance 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!': John Cena describes moment he proposed to in front of MILLIONS of WrestleMania fans Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach on Battle Of The Network Stars Taking her new role very seriously  Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Decked out in activewear Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Encapsulated mod style Alec Baldwin looks dapper as Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation The power couple led the attendees Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Seen filming her show Younger in NYC Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium She has added to her feline brood Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut a dapper figure at the Apple Awards in New York after celebrating 21 years of marriage I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo Formerly blonde Freaks and Geeks alum 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film For a fourth time He stole Clint's girl, romped with Gilligan's Island star Tina Louise and yukked it up with Obama: He's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he's telling all No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Wet and windy weather  Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX The 13-year-old paired her sandals with an Ivy Park hoodie So thirsty! Kim knocks back tequila shots while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol)  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman hits out at body shamers while proudly posing in a low-cut swimsuit, as she insists NO ONE should be told how to dress 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor on KUWTK She said she wants kids with beau Tristan Jessica Simpson SLAMMED for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit A couple that dresses together, stays together? As Selena Gomez and The Weeknd  wear matching getups, FEMAIL gets scoop on outfit coordination Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted pants in New York City That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  Radiant Reese Witherspoon glows as she steps out with a purse and top from her own line Draper James Wearing a summery chic ensemble MTV's Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead in his apartment after suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form after 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency 'Grateful to be back': Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris amid heightened security after Manchester attack Intense security Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection The 19-year-old reality stripped off One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by rain  'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' How to get a body like Khloe: The Kardashian's nutritionist reveals she eats SEVEN meals a day and why the star doesn't drink juice She looks amazing Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she keeps ignoring Scott Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham displays her fashion fatigue in a blue pajama set after a non-stop week in New York City Comfortable outfit 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' Starting as he means to go on? Disheveled Simon Cowell puffs on a cigarette as he arrives at Midsummer Ball event with girlfriend Lauren Silverman on his arm 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss So nice she did it twice! Gayle King wears $1,300 dress backwards AGAIN on CBS, one year after she made the fashion faux pas the first time Alex Rodriguez cheats on J. Lo and is not sexually attracted to her alleges self-proclaimed mistress, who claims baseball star likes rough sex and threesomes  Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London After George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Alexander and Ella, FEMAIL rounds up the best new beauty products for moms and infants First transgender model to appear on the cover of Vogue Paris urges others in the industry to embrace diversity Historic moment 'So inspiring!' Rihanna shows caring side as she teaches impoverished students math in Malawi The Diamonds hitmaker took to Instagram  Suki Waterhouse is reunited with rumored boyfriend Diego Luna as they step out in NYC... following her glamorous appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Toddle is now 18 months old Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Beach babe! FEMAIL reveals the items you need to have a stylish day of fun in the sun inspired by Kendall Jenner, Izabel Goulart, and more Just kidding! Now Ryan Lochte now insists he was NEVER suicidal - less than 24 hours after he said he was 'about to hang up my entire life' after the Rio scandal 'If you piss off a woman, she will scare you way more than a man': The Mummy's Sofia Boutella reveals what it's like playing a 'terrifying' female Back to brunette! Lady Gaga sports brown hair on the set of Bradley Cooper's film A Star Is Born ... after brief go at blazing orange locks Another change of look Katherine Webb films toddle Tripp throwing toy balls, revealing she and NFL star hubby AJ McCarron have been debating whether he'll be a 'lefty' or a 'righty'  'They have George's nose': Proud grandpa Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cozies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Baby news! Florida Georgia Line singer Tyler Hubbard and his wife Hayley are expecting their first child together Married  two years Downton Abbey star Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress at the Royal Academy Summer bash in London 'He's the bride!': Kate Mara says fiance Jamie Bell is doing the wedding planning as she puts on busty display in LBD on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon House of Cards star is back in D.C. to haunt the REAL president: Kate Mara leads protest over missing animal welfare records at Department of Agriculture 'We're so excited for summer!' Ivanka Trump flashes a big smile as she steps out in a floral frock to take her three-year-old son Joseph to his last day of school Makeup-free Lea Michele touches down in Toronto as she prepares to promote sitcom The Mayor Wearing cropped jeans and a white tank Tom Cruise hints there could be a volleyball scene in the new Top Gun: Maverick movie after Val Kilmer pushes to be cast again as Iceman She loves her double denim! Jessica Biel shows off her slender legs in skintight ripped jeans while grocery shopping in New York City Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Role made famous by Julie Andrews Alex Rodriguez's ex 'demands $600k or she will release private text messages from star'... but A-Rod 'insists he won't pay and has full support of J.Lo' Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in translucent black dress during dinner date with The Weeknd in New York City LeAnn Rimes wears tiny Daisy Dukes to put on show of unity with Eddie Cibrian after his ex wife Brandi Glanville predicts the couple will have ugly breakup Girl time! Olivia Munn shakes off heartbreak of Aaron Rodgers breakup as she hugs long-time pal Julianne Moore in New York City Fun day out for pair  The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Crazy for zombies Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing Bill Maher's ex Coco Johnsen suggests he may have used N-word with her, but DENIES he's a racist and says he made 'n*****' comment to shock Stopping traffic! Stunning Salma Hayek stands out in figure-hugging orange skirt as she promotes her movie Beatriz At Dinner in New York City 'It is not the 1800s!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'go home and take care of your kids' after she posted a fun video of herself partying Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight in behind the scenes look at her new Bon Appétit music video Singer stripped off 'He was actually really cool about it... surprisingly':  Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after drunken dare Bikini-clad Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her lithe physique in scanty snakeskin two-piece as she soaks up the sun in Palm Springs  The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes EXCLUSIVE: Shaken not stirred! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves does his best impression of James Bond star Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in tiny speedos EXCLUSIVE: Don't blame me! Demi Moore blasts wrongful death lawsuit over 21-year-old man who drowned in her pool, claiming it was HIS own negligence  Makeup-free Felicity Jones dresses down as she steps out for designer shopping spree... hours after revealing her dazzling engagement ring Her fan-tasy woman! Brilliant in blue Camila Alves is wafted down by hostess Reese Witherspoon as they relax at fashion party in Beverly Hills That's his princess! Proud papa Chris Brown brings three-year-old daughter Royalty to premiere of his new biopic Welcome To My Life in Los Angeles  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses her marriage to James Bond star Daniel Craig Bombshell in black! l Kate Upton models casual look as she stops to take a photo with an eager fan at LAX airport Skintight black jeans  Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert and her girlfriend hold a commitment ceremony almost one year after she divorced her husband Sophie Turner shows off her slim figure in an all-black look as she steps out for lunch with beau Joe Jonas in West Hollywood Dating seven months 'Sometimes you have to meet up on the other side of the world': Ruby Rose and Jess Origliasso continue to flaunt their blossoming romance in London 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne reveals Cheryl has son Bear in sleeping pattern at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik  The bromance lives on! Barack Obama squeezes in time to enjoy a private dinner with young pretender  Justin Trudeau during his Montreal visit It's a BOYS: Jaime Pressly reveals that she and boyfriend Hamzi Hijazi are expecting twins this fall  The 39-year-old actress also has son, 10, by ex Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law jailed for six months after Hell's Kitchen star's emails were hacked in a bid to 'air chef's dirty linen in public' following feud Beach bum! Blanca Blanco shows off her derriere in teensy bikini as she grabs a surfboard for seaside photoshoot Rocked a tiny bikini Princess Beatrice looks glamorous in a silver skirt for her first night out since returning to New York after her ex-boyfriend Dave Clark became engaged  She's her mini me! Reese Witherspoon and daughter Ava, 17, wow in patterned dresses for NET-A-PORTER X Draper James event Lookalike daughter Laughing it off! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian collapse into a fit of giggles after filming in LA... after disowning Caitlyn Jenner on KUWTK Activewear flair! Makeup-free Jessica Gomes dresses up her gym gear with a Yves Saint Laurent handbag as she steps out in Beverly Hills 'So proud': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend support daughter Luna, 14 months, as she throws out first pitch at Seattle Mariners game Held tight by her father Solemn Prince William visits Flanders in Belgium to pay tribute to Irish unionist and nationalist soldiers who fought side-by-side in World War One EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton's new flame revealed! Meet fashion model James Abercrombie who is heir to a whopping $430m fortune  No wonder they're shredded! Chelsea Clinton sticks with her favorite pair of frayed nude heels AGAIN as she steps out in New York for awards dinner Caitlyn Jenner looks downcast as she steps out in Malibu amid claims relationship with Kendall and Kylie has become 'very strained' Been a rough few weeks Scott who? A very happy Bella Thorne twerks in the street as she picks up some lunch with her sister Dani in LA... after Disick romance turned sour She's a knockout! Demi Lovato shows off gym-toned body while wearing boxing handwraps on set of Kate Hudson's Fabletics advertisement Winnie Harlow takes the plunge in feathered gown before breaking down in emotional speech... as Jourdan Dunn flashes underwear at Glamour Awards ABS-olutely fabulous! Kylie Jenner flaunts midriff in tiny crop top as she enjoys dinner date with Travis Scott at Miami chicken restaurant Jennifer Garner flaunts her svelte figure and slender legs in kooky pastel pineapple print midi dress at fashion launch in Los Angeles She looked great Save Tonka! The Good Wife star Alan Cumming fights back against 'filthy' animal facility in Missouri with a new petition to free ex chimp co-star Va va voom! Christie Brinkley flashes cleavage in sassy LBD as she leads the stars at Nightcap premiere Youthful beauty 63, continues to drop jaws  'We found each other': Simon Cowell shows his softer side on America's Got Talent as he cuddles a furry cat and hits Golden Buzzer for a deaf singer      DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Little People Big World's Jeremy and Audrey Roloff become first-time homeowners after plunking down $465k on four-bedroom home It's in the jeans! Gigi Hadid and mom Yolanda are a matching pair in denim as Bella shows off her legs for dinner in New York Head-turning trio Dazzling in white! Glowing Amy Schumer reveals ample bosom in plunging gown as she gives speech at Designing Women Awards Gala Belle of the ball! Heidi Klum channels Beauty And The Beast in yellow dress before slipping into multiple outfits for Project Runway photo shoot in NYC Felicity Jones shows off dazzling engagement ring for the first time... as she gives flash of side-boob in a ruffled backless gown at Glamour Awards Flashing her tummy! Empire star Serayah McNeill shows off her toned belly while leaving a music studio Strutted to her car after leaving a music studio Melania Trump as you've definitely never seen her before: Sculptor creates statue in honor of the First Lady... but doesn't quite capture her beauty  It's getting hot in here! Game Of Thrones season 7 will break the world record for the amount of times someone is set on fire Heating things up 'On Broadway in 2018!' Cher confirms stage musical of her life will debut at NYC theater next year Show will Turn Back Time for legend Chivalry in the city! Flawless Sarah Jessica Parker is kept dry by hunky PA carrying an umbrella during a rainy day of filming in NYC Filming HBO's Divorce Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Carey Mulligan displays rounded bump as she films scenes for new BBC crime drama in Westminster amid pregnancy rumors Busting out! Salma Hayek showcases her bountiful bosom as she enjoys massage before film premiere She's preparing to promote her latest film Biker chic! Mariah Carey pours her curves into ripped skinny jeans and cropped leather jacket in Beverly Hills Added a pair of funky black leather boots She can sing, too! Nicole Kidman gives a rockin' impromptu performance of Proud Mary on The Late Late Show with James Corden 'I needed help getting laid!' Ed Sheeran insists his 'unfortunate looks' led to God-given music talent... before gorging 55 Maltesters during Carpool Karaoke  Who needs a wife when you have these ladies? Single Tom Cruise looks smitten with his stunning Mummy co-stars at NYC premiere Aaron Rodgers 'still not on speaking terms with his family' after Olivia Munn split The 33-year-old NFL superstar 'still has not reconciled with family' Eva Mendes makes rare public appearance in tight denim for some errands in Beverly Hills Popped up in public rocking a striped ensemble Time to find love! Corinne Olympios, DeMario Jackson and Amanda Stanton join season four of Bachelor In Paradise...as full roster is revealed Michelle Obama laments how Barack wore exact same tux for eight years and no one commented - while she was scrutinized for every dress choice Chloe Grace Moretz highlights her enviably lean legs in horse patterned Coach dress for the brand's summer bash Leggy lady!  No time for a blow out! Courteney Cox leaves a Beverly Hills salon with damp locks... but makes up for it by wearing chic $1,500 Chanel shoes Busy woman A sultry summer look in silk! Hilary Duff is ready for a heatwave in tie-dyed dress while walking her puppy Momo on Younger set in NYC Leaving them shaken and stirred! James Bond star Pierce Brosnan thrills fans by stopping for photos Cuddled up to a pair of lovelies 'Just to be in your arms again': Iman posts touching message to late husband David Bowie on what would have been 25th wedding anniversary Flower power! Jessica Biel steps out solo looking pretty as a petal in floral print jumpsuit in New York City completed her outfit with nude Louboutin heels Just like home! Prince Harry is handed a cup of tea and a chocolate cookie by admirers as he gets soaked by torrential rain in Sydney during royal visit Look away Meghan! Prince Harry charms the ladies during his visit to Australia to launch Invictus Games   Pictured sharing a laugh with various ladies Belle of the ball! Stars like Kate Bosworth and Selena Gomez don the season's most popular statement-making earrings and YOU can too Millie Bobby Brown shows off her playful side on the red carpet at Netflix event for Stranger Things The 13-year-old seemed to be having fun Letting her beau guide the way! Ariel Winter holds onto boyfriend of six months Levi Meaden as they leave a grocery store Linked arms Jennifer Hudson looks magnetic in strapless monochrome dress as she scoops Trailblazer trophy at the Glamour Women of the Year awards in London  'I'm 2,000 years old': Tom Cruise acts out scenes based on The Mummy written by kids as he appears on The Tonight Show Loving it  'Don't remember all of them': Nicole Kidman recalls wild parties and drinking absinthe during filming for Moulin Rouge as she reunited with co-star Ewan McGregor Rosé-colored locks! Amber Heard flaunts freshly dyed pink hair after laughing off wine mishap during Aquaman cast party on the Gold Coast Ariana Grande's beautiful and heart-rending version of Over The Rainbow released as a single to benefit Manchester victims 22 people were killed Is this what Ella and Alexander Clooney will look like? George and Amal's twins imagined as cherubic toddlers in computer-generated images  Frozen in time! Vanilla Ice, 49, looks fresh faced as he touches down in Melbourne with Salt-N-Pepa for the 'I Love The 90s' Australian tour Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Nikki Reed cuts effortlessly stylish figure in flowing grey dress as she grabs dinner with husband Ian Somerhalder Her cup runneth over! Vanessa Hudgens sips on champagne as she cuts a casually chic figure while shopping for new shoes at Neiman Marcus She looks like a college student! Victoria's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio wears backpack and sweatshirt as she arrives in London Her little man: Kourtney Kardashian bonds with son Mason Disick, 7, as she joins sister Kim for KUWTK filming Played the doting mom as she stepped out in LA Ready to Rambo! Brooklyn Beckham channels military chic in ripped khaki t-shirt and camouflage combats ... and a headband inspired by dad David  Meg flyin'! Sleepless In Seattle star Ryan is a vision in black as she heads home after jetting into Los Angeles She stunned at the CFDA Fashion Awards It runs in the family! Mandy Moore and her This is Us daughter Chrissy Metz shine in gorgeous gowns at gala event in Los Angeles On the red carpet Michelle Williams is a seventies style icon as she films kidnap drama in Rome with Mark Wahlberg The pair were in character Nicole Kidman praises the 'best year of her life' on the eve of her 50th birthday... as she pays tribute to London in Glamour Women Of The Year speech Shaking it like no one's watching! Kim Zolciak is caught twerking in a bikini by her daughter Brielle during tropical vacation Watch the full video It's a boy and a girl! George and Amal Clooney celebrate arrival of 'healthy and happy' twins  Couple welcomed Ella and Alexander So awkward! Jerry Seinfeld shuns Kesha's requests for hug on red carpet... and admits he has no idea who she is Singer approached  comedian in DC Revolution has a price tag! Natalie Portman hikes with three-month-old daughter Amalia before slipping into $710 feminist T-shirt Enjoyed a stroll PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shopping for baby clothes? Amal Clooney's mother Baria is spotted browsing London stores after birth announcement Karate Kids 2! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas show off their martial arts moves for second day in a row  During a parking lot kettle bell session 'It felt like having a baby': Thandie Newton says being naked in Westworld was empowering and liberating 'Intense self-affirmation' Hollywood star Rebel Wilson arrives at court for the final day of her defamation trial against Australian manazine Will wrap up her trial on Wednesday Giddyup! Ashton Kutcher and Jada Pinkett Smith are set to present at this year's CMT Music Awards The bash celebrates folk musicians Taking the plunge! Keri Russell rocks extra low-cut blouse and sophisticated trench coat for New York outing  Looking glamorous Lovely in lace: Kate Mara strikes an elegant pose in white dress to promote new war drama Megan Leavey in NYC For her appearance on AOL's Build Series 'That photographer's assistant is trying REALLY hard not to look at my boobs': Ashley Graham shares VERY intimate inner thoughts during sexy shoot 'We meditate together': Hugh Jackman, 48, reveals the secret behind his successful 21-year marriage to wife Deborra-Lee Furness, 61 Long-lasting relationship Gabourey Sidibe hits out at 'annoying' people who compliment her for shedding pounds post-surgery Actress can't stand  uninvited remarks Ruby Rose dons an all-black ensemble while girlfriend Jessica Origliasso rocks a white suit as they hold hands on the red carpet in London  'Party of five!' The Chew's Daphne Oz happily announces third pregnancy on Instagram, but admits that many fans had already 'guessed'  Megyn Kelly gets personal, plays coy and even sings Bon Jovi on 'Today' segment with husband - appearing for fifth straight day on the NBC morning show I gained 60lbs again! Ciara reveals her post-baby weight loss goals after welcoming second baby Sienna  Gave birth to Sienna just over a month ago  Chelsea Clinton hails cab to work in shredded heels while out-of-work hubby Marc Mezvinsky selects torn loafers for trip to the park with daughter Charlotte Kim Kardashian and Kanye West arrive home after kicking off his 40th birthday celebrations with trip to Bahamas with North and Saint The Crown star Vanessa Kirby gives a shout out to female empowerment as she leads the winners at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards Summer style on a budget! As Karlie Kloss and Olivia Palermo make affordable fashions look amazing, FEMAIL rounds up 24 cheap-yet-chic finds They have a name! Pregnant Jill Duggar and husband Derick Dillard of Counting On reveal they will call their second son Samuel Scott Fairytale family! Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas take sons Oliver and Hugo out for a magical day at Disneyland Once Upon A Time stars  EXCLUSIVE:  Meet the girlfriend of Tom Cruise's son Connor - a sexy blonde deep sea fishing expert with a wild side and a mugshot to prove it Thomas Cohen and his girlfriend Zoe Sidel make a kooky pair in striking boho looks as they enjoy a date night at a charity art event in London Let's go, baby! Peta Murgatroyd takes son Shai to the gym for pre-wedding workout with fiance Maksim  The Dancing With the Stars professionals 'I don't know what the f*** we talk about': Gwyneth Paltrow admits she doesn't always understand the advice on her site Goop Her big confession  Tearful Andrea Constand comes face to face with smirking Bill Cosby for first time in a decade as she tells court how she woke up to find him groping her  Noel Gallagher 'donates profits from his song Don't Look Back In Anger to charity for Manchester victims... as he claims he was never invited to One Love gig' Happy National Day! Sweden's royals turn out in traditional dress to ring in the festivities - but it's adorable Princess Estelle who steals the show  Mommy's me time! Selma Blair takes a break from parenting her son to enjoy a pampering session in LA Sported a nautical look with striped top Giving dad advice? Barack Obama visited George Clooney at the actor's English estate just nine days before Amal gave birth Spent evening together Trouble in paradise? Selena Gomez dazzles as she steps out for a date night with her boyfriend The Weeknd... but the pair don't look too happy Party time! Pals Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin change out of red carpet frocks to hit the town after CFDA Fashion Awards in New York City Rihanna shows off her nipple piercing as she dances in sheer crop top while filming music video in Miami... after breaking silence over fat shaming with meme Back to the Big Apple! Shay Mitchell shows off her city chic style in sheer top and fitted jeans... after sharing bathtub photo from Morocco Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her model figure in blush satin gown at fashion awards She was recently signed to IMG Models  EXCLUSIVE: Judge DENIES Jim Carrey's motion to remove claims he transmitted STDs in wrongful death battle with his late girlfriend's mom  Where's Stella? Kristen Stewart leaves her ex Alicia Cargile's house in the morning... but model girlfriend Maxwell is nowhere to be seen A warm hug! Lea Michele wraps her arms around a male friend as she dresses down to meet up with a group of pals in a Beverly Hills park 'I was about to hang up my entire life': Ryan Lochte reveals he considered suicide after Rio Games but is better than ever with a son on the way  Still got it! Hugh Hefner's 54-year-old ex-wife Kimberly strips down to a lacy black bra to recreate iconic 1988 Playboy cover - after her SON suggested it Pregnant Serena Williams looks glowing in a loose white top as she relaxes courtside to watch the tennis during French Open Snacking on a banana Britney Spears spins into a kiss with boyfriend Sam Asghari on Instagram as he visits her in Japan Toxic singer is currently on tour in Asia  Kerry Washington gives her parents a present on HER birthday... along with 'inappropriate notes' thanking them for 'getting it on' Designer off duty! Make-up free Stella McCartney, 45, is casual on a clothes run as she carries the coffees in NYC Glowing complexion  Braving the windy weather! Queen Letizia of Spain displays her slender figure in a wine-colored outfit in Madrid Glamorous royal  Dangerous curves ahead! Iggy Azalea showcases her famous physique and surgically-enhanced bust in a lilac bikini aboard luxury yacht in Mexico Former police officer who protected Whitney Houston and inspired hit film The Bodyguard claims his efforts to intervene in star's drugs spiral saw him FIRED! Last hurrah! Mindy Kaling unites with her writers as they prepare for final season of The Mindy Project Former The Office star is moving on  Flower power! Tara Reid is all smiles as she steps out in petal-patterned jacket in New York City The 41-year-old enjoyed Big Apple sunshine Today's headlines Most Read Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two... Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians... Theresa casts her vote: PM and her husband arrive at polling station as party leaders join millions... It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in... Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to... Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of... Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to... Believing in God could help combat diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an... Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying... 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two... Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery... What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say... Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone... 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will... Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating... Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre... 'I put my entire reputation on it': Auctioneer spends $50,000 proving that painting found in Arizona... Are these the most pampered pets of all time? The furry friends that are fed fillet steak, roast dinners and... Former bus driver, 27, who lived with his parents is found guilty of travelling to Syria to join ISIS where... Drinking 4 cups of coffee or just 1 of herbal tea each day protects against deadly liver disease Do YOU keep onions in the fridge? Why the vegetable will go off VERY quickly if you keep it chilled (and... Eating red onions may help to fight cancer: Powerful compounds found in the tasty vegetable are 'excellent'... Horrifying moment cops 'surround innocent man who just crawled from a burning car and kick him in the HEAD' When is it safe to leave children home alone? Revealed: Everything parents need to know before they plan an... 'I sexted my stepdad by accident': People reveal the embarrassing exchanges that STILL keep them awake at... MORE HEADLINES He stole Clint Eastwood's woman, had nonstop sex with Gilligan's Island actress Tina Louise and yukked it up with President Obama - of course he did, he's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he tells all in new memoir Four-year-old boy tragically drowns ONE WEEK after going swimming in rare dry-drowning case Donald Trump told James Comey 'I need loyalty, I EXPECT loyalty' in one-on-one dinner, fired FBI director reveals in bombshell sworn testimony - and says president asked him to PROVE he hadn't used Russian hookers Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' and claims she 'even had an orgasm' 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Heart-stopping video shows moment armed police gunned down London Bridge terrorists in a hail of bullets seconds after all three jihadis stabbed a passer-by - who miraculously got to his feet  Mother shot dead her two young children in their sleep and killed family dog before ending her own life and setting fire to her home in the middle of a 'bitter' custody battle with her estranged husband Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead 'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  'It looked like they pulled a toddler out of my belly!': Florida mom gives birth to a 13.5-pound baby girl 'Well I do mean it in a contentious way!': Senators hammer Intel director and NSA boss after they say they never felt 'pressured' but refuse to reveal whether Trump asked them to dial back the FBI's Russia probe Bomb squad carry out two controlled explosions outside new US Embassy in London after suspicious vehicles are parked outside Louisiana man is charged over murder of missing massage therapist, 24, after her boyfriend found her body in woods near the home of her last client  Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Two Missouri teens tied a kitten to a car's bumper and dragged it to its death as laughing friends videotaped the 'cat tossing and turning until it could not run anymore' Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  Vladimir Putin slams Hillary Clinton saying she 'abused the Russian issue' by comparing him to Hitler and praises Ronald Reagan for stopping work at 6 p.m. each day to watch TV with his wife in series of interviews with Oliver Stone Pictured: Mute autistic boy, four, who starved to death clinging to his mother's rotting corpse TWO WEEKS after she died from an epileptic fit in their London flat  Every little thing is gonna be alright! Incredible before and after photos show how frightened and abandoned dog Bob Marley is on road to recovery after he and his pal were rescued I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Married teacher, 39, who 'filmed herself having intercourse and performing sex acts on a 17-year-old male student' is charged after clips of the the mother-of-five were posted online and she tried to bribe the pupil to keep quiet MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Walmart's 'ah ha' moment on climate change Walmart has teamed with the Environmental Defense Fund on its latest green initiative: Project Gigaton, which will reduce a gigaton of greenhouse gas emissions from its supply chain by 2030. Here's the impetus that got Walmart on the path of sustainability. Kathleen McLaughlin and Diane Regas Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 2:20 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Merchandise litters the floors of a WalMart store after floodwaters receded September 11, 2005 in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana. As the pace of business accelerates, the need to be nimble and quickly shift direction to stay competitive becomes all the more important. But there are some initiatives that require a truly long-term commitment – areas where "short-termism" simply won't cut it…where companies need to stay the course despite the shifting winds of business or policy requirements. That is certainly the case with Project Gigaton, which our two organizations – Walmart and the Environmental Defense Fund – unveiled earlier this spring at Walmart's annual Sustainability Milestone Summit. The project goal is ambitious: To reduce one gigaton of greenhouse gas emissions (the equivalent to taking over 211 million cars off of U.S. roads and highways for a year) from Walmart's supply chain. And the 2030 time horizon is truly long-range. In pondering the enormity of the effort before us, and the potential impact of Project Gigaton, we can't help but wonder … What if we really think long-term about this topic? show chapters Walmart is accused of punishing workers for sick days    Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 1:59 PM ET | 00:44 After all, by 2050, the global population will reach 9.5 billion. Millennials will be aging and Gen-Z at mid-life. They will be expecting our global environment to be as thriving as our global economy. The key to achieving these twin goals will be our ability to encourage, embrace and insist on powerful collaborations that will significantly amplify our individual efforts over time. We feel strongly that if retailers and suppliers across global supply chains work closely with NGOs to improve sustainability efforts then multiple stakeholders – consumers, communities and businesses – stand to benefit. Why the rosy view? Because consumers are listening to their hearts and taking action with their wallets. The Consumer Report: From Marketing to Mattering, a global study by the United Nations Global Compact and Accenture, discovered that based on a survey of 30,000 consumers worldwide, approximately 64 percent of mothers and 66 percent of 18- to 34-year-old shoppers actively buy sustainable brands and recommend brands that behave responsibly. "We feel strongly that if retailers and suppliers across global supply chains work closely with NGOs to improve sustainability efforts then multiple stakeholders – consumers, communities and businesses – stand to benefit." We see this happening first-hand, every day. And it's hardly a passing fad. Throughout our 10 years of close collaboration, Walmart and EDF have found that sustainability initiatives like Project Gigaton can drive emissions reductions and business value. This occurs through improved operations, reduced waste and cost, and revenue acceleration from supportive consumers. But are enough organizations thinking sufficiently long-term about these issues – and putting in place the strategies that are designed to ensure their success beyond the next quarter or annual meeting? In Walmart's case, it wasn't until 2005 when Hurricane Katrina – that "one hundred year storm" – struck the U.S. Gulf Coast. The company embraced its unexpected role as an early responder, providing thousands of truckloads of supplies and donated goods, while also helping coordinate relief efforts. In Katrina's aftermath, the company vowed to consider the long-term implications of the storm and to try to become a "positive, difference-making company every day." It started an ambitious journey to lower emissions, cut waste, and sell more sustainable products in its stores. Fast-forward to today. Project Gigaton is simply the most recent manifestation of that strategic direction, another in an evolving series of practices designed to help address long-term global challenges and improve people's lives. Yet at its core is an important realization: organizations of all sizes can make a noticeable, sustainable impact on the environment as well as improve business performance over the long term. According to a joint report published by the World Wildlife Fund and CDP, U.S. businesses that commit to annually cutting their carbon emissions can collectively reap as much as $190 billion in savings from reduced energy bills, increased productivity and other associated benefits. Another study found that companies devoted to sustainability efforts reported significantly higher mean sales growth, return on assets, profit before taxation, and cash flows from operations compared to sustainability slackers. So what's stopping more companies from focusing on ways to improve their sustainability and capturing the associated economic benefits? One factor may be the belief that their contributions are meaningless given the size and complexity of environmental issues. But that is flawed thinking. All contributors can make an impact, and collectively can reduce emissions that are having such a negative effect on our world. For Project Gigaton, Walmart and EDF collaborated with NGOs and other like-minded organizations to create an emissions reduction toolkit that offers a business case for cutting emissions. While designed for the company's supply chain, the principles embedded in these strategies, resources and implementation tactics can easily be customized and adopted for other like-minded organizations. We're happy to share it, just as we all share the same environment. And we encourage you to look anew at your own operations and supply chain for sustainable ways to improve them. 2030 is coming sooner than you think. Commentary by Kathleen McLaughlin and Diane Regas. McLaughlin is the chief sustainability officer for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., and the president of the Walmart Foundation. Regas is executive director at Environmental Defense Fund. For more insight from CNBC contributors, follow @CNBCopinion onTwitter. Watch: Wal-Mart shareholder day full of surprises show chapters Wal-Mart's shareholders day sprinkled with surprises    Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 7:38 AM ET | 02:02 Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Discover: WealthManagement.com More Menu Log In or Register Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire National Real Estate Investor Magazine WealthManagement.com About Us Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Service Search Log In Register Recent Recent Four Seasons CEO Sees Airbnb as Formidable Force in Luxury Space Jun 07, 2017 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (June 7, 2017) Jun 07, 2017 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (June 6, 2017) Jun 06, 2017 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (June 5, 2017) Jun 05, 2017 sponsored content The Growing Value of Digital Tools in Commercial Real Estate Featured Part 1: A Clean Outlook Apr 10, 2017 Part 2: The City or the Burbs? Apr 10, 2017 Part 3: Development and Leasing Outlook Apr 10, 2017 2017 Top Office Owners Apr 10, 2017 NREI WIRE brought to you by NREI Wire 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (June 6, 2017) The Trump Organization is launching a new budget-friendly hotel chain called “American Idea,” reports The New York Times. CalSTRS will change the parameters of its core real estate allocation, according to IPE Real Estate. These are among today’s must reads from around the commercial real estate industry. NREI Staff | Jun 06, 2017 Schumer Blasts ‘Trump Tolls’ as President Spotlights Infrastructure Plans “Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer is ripping President Donald Trump’s infrastructure plans, as the White House kicks off a week-long focus on rebuilding roads, airports and waterways. New York Democrat Schumer said in a statement that the president’s overall infrastructure plan would benefit financiers and stick average citizens with the bill for projects.” (MarketWatch) Trump Organization to Go Budget Friendly with “American Idea” Hotel Chain “On Monday, the Trump Organization announced plans for a new three-star hotel chain with a patriotic flair, echoing President Trump’s campaign slogan about putting America first and reflecting the organization’s promise to enter into new deals only in the United States. The intention is to differentiate the chain, called American Idea, by featuring artifacts of American culture in the hotels, such as an old Coca-Cola machine in the lobby or American-made sundries in the rooms.” (The New York Times) CalSTRS to Change Parameters of Core Real Estate Allocation “California State Teachers’ Retirement System (CalSTRS) is planning to change the parameters of its core real estate allocation to include non-stabilised assets. The $207bn (€184bn) pension fund wants to introduce a sub-category to its core real estate portfolio called “transitional core”, according to a board meeting document. Such assets are expected to become core over time as CalSTRS improves them physically or through new leasings. Transitional core can also include forward funding of core developments and strategies that use higher leverage but focus on core assets.” (IPE Real Estate) Analyst: Walmart Looks Ready to Transition to a ’21st Century Retailer’ “Following Walmart's shareholder meeting on Friday, Cowen analyst Oliver Chen noted that he was impressed with the retailer's strategy for combating Amazon. Walmart is developing strategies to leverage its store footprint (3,534 Supercenters and 698 Neighborhood Markets and 90% of the U.S. population is within 10 miles of a store) and incorporating that with its e-commerce platform, he added.” (The Street) Is All the Talk of the Death of the Mall Overdone? “Talk of the demise of the shopping mall may be overdone, according to Fitch Ratings, which on Monday took a neutral stance on retail REITS, or real estate investment trusts, the entities that own and manage malls and rent space to tenants. Mall REITs are popular with investors for their attractive dividend yields. But the sector has come under pressure this year amid a wave of closure announcements from department store chains, sporting retailers and teen clothing retailers, among others.” (MarketWatch) Extell Scores Air Rights to Build New Hard Rock Hotel “Extell has gobbled up some precious air rights as it prepares to build a new Hard Rock Hotel on West 48th Street. Gary Barnett’s insatiable development company has quietly bought 45,000 square feet of unused air rights from the small block-through park adjacent to 1221 Sixth Ave. Both the office building and the park are owned by Rockefeller Group.” (New York Post) Target Shoots for Retail Comeback and Chicago Area Is On Front Line “Beleaguered retailer Target Corp. is counting on the Chicago area to help trigger its revival and rescue the company. Under attack from giants Amazon and Walmart, Target is fighting back by opening a raft of mini-stores in area neighborhoods. Each is no larger than 40,000 square feet, compared with Target's 175,000-square-foot superstores. By 2018 the chain is expected to have at least 10 mini-stores, about 7 percent of the company's expected 130 small-store network.” (Chicago Tribune) Florida, Texas Top Foreign Buyers Property Purchase List “Florida and Texas were the top markets on foreign real estate investors shopping lists in 2016. The National Association of Realtors said 20 percent of its commercial real estate members closed a sale last year involving foreign buyers. Florida, Texas and California were the most popular markets for offshore buyers acquiring small properties for either investment or use, the Realtors found in their annual commercial real estate survey.” (Dallas News) Sovereign Investors Boosting Allocations to Real Estate; Brexit Driving Funds Away “The study of 97 sovereign wealth funds, national pension funds, central banks and government ministries — representing $12 trillion in assets — found allocations to home market real estate rose to 4.7% of assets in 2017, up from 4.4% in 2016 and 2.8% in 2015, while international real estate allocations rose to 3.4% in 2017 from 2.2% in 2016 and 1.2% in 2015.” (Pensions & Investments) 10 U.S. Cities Where Everyone Wants to Live Right Now “According to new data compiled by realtor.com, the Texas capital is seeing an influx of newcomers from other cities, and the population is booming, making it the No. 1 most popular place to live in the US right now. If you've been keeping an eye on a number of other top cities lists, it should come as no surprise that so many people want to move to Austin.” (Business Insider) 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (June 7, 2017)Jun 07, 2017 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (June 5, 2017)Jun 05, 2017 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (June 2, 2017)Jun 02, 2017 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (June 1, 2017)Jun 01, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Advertise Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in blockbuster 'Super Bowl of Washington' event Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to him personally  Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of them will leave you seething) Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to ensure the perfect night's sleep Believing in God could help combat type 2 diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying smudges from your walls) 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery after last ditch appeal fails   What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say about you Playboy model, 27, reveals she had to celebrate first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating leftovers and the BEST topping to choose to get your money's worth  Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre because 'she believed it was a hoax' is jailed for five months and banned from visiting conspiracy websites 'I put my entire reputation on it': Auctioneer spends $50,000 proving that painting found in Arizona retiree's attic is a Jackson Pollock worth at least $10m  Are these the most pampered pets of all time? The furry friends that are fed fillet steak, roast dinners and even LOBSTER (and they probably eat better than you) Former bus driver who lived with his parents is found guilty of travelling to Syria to become an ISIS suicide bomber and spending months training with the jihadis Drinking 4 cups of coffee or just 1 of herbal tea each day protects against deadly liver disease Do YOU keep onions in the fridge? Why the vegetable will go off VERY quickly if you keep it chilled (and putting them in a paper bag is no better)  Previous Next Amazon offers Prime discount to those on government benefits as it strives to become a direct competitor to Walmart Amazon said it would offer the $10.99-per-month or $99-per-year Prime service for $5.99 per month to those receiving government assistance Anyone receiving welfare and food stamps is eligible for the discount The online retailer's move directly challenges Wal-Mart where at least one in five customers pay by food stamps Amazon Prime has developed a track record among high-income households, especially those with teen The service has recently grown in popularity, extending its reach to nearly half of all American households Amazon is working to gain traction with lower-income households as well By Associated Press Published: 03:15 EDT, 6 June 2017 | Updated: 16:10 EDT, 6 June 2017 e-mail 206 shares 57 View comments Amazon is offering a sizeable discount on its Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. Customers that possess a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month. The typical monthly payment for Prime membership is $10.99, but users can also pay $99 per year up front, which equates to $8.25 per month.  Amazon is offering a discounted rate on its Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The discounted rate is $5.99 per month Prime members get free shipping on goods and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows, as well as other perks. Amazon said Tuesday that it wants to make the program more accessible. The decision takes aim at a key customer base for rival Wal-Mart Stores - the biggest beneficiary of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) - where at least one in five customers pay by food stamps. Prime subscriptions have been key to Amazon's retail growth strategy, as the service encourages shoppers to buy more goods, more often. Customers with valid Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) cards receiving aid from programs including SNAP and the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program will qualify for the discount, Amazon said. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Amazon buys script for a show about Monica Lewinksy and... Apple declares war on Amazon and Google's smart speakers... Will the new Amazon smartphone be able to compete with... How Google shares smashed the $1,000 barrier: The tech... Share this article Share 206 shares Regular annual Amazon Prime membership is $99 per year, or $8.25 a month. But those who cannot afford to pay up front have to pay $10.99 a month for the same benefits 'We designed this membership option for customers receiving government assistance to make our everyday selection and savings more accessible,' said Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime.  Customers will need to have a current EBT card to enroll and the card cannot be used to pay the monthly membership fee.  Those who qualify for the discount can apply once a year, up to four times.  Amazon Prime has developed a track record among high-income households, especially those with teens. But the service has recently grown in popularity, extending its reach to nearly half of all American households, and Amazon has been working to gain traction with lower-income households as well. Share or comment on this article e-mail 206 shares Most watched News videos Man gets caught with motor oil and DVDs stuffed in his jeans How to make an amazing snow globe cupcake Shopper launches racist tirade over line at Sears 'Oh my gosh the sheriff!': Hannah gets a visit from top officer Reality Winner’s parents speak to DailyMail.com about their daughter Sounds ruff! Dog 'sings along' with owner's piano playing 'Floating city' appears in the sky after a heavy hailstorm Huge alligator spotted on golf course in South Carolina Shocking moment police officer aims gun at man for filming Driver pulls out HUGE snake stuck in gas pump using his hands Look out! Parachute skier almost takes out bikini-clad woman Blonde shopper gets into scrap with trader who wanted her to buy eggs Dramatic moment deputies rescue two Florida jet skiers... Twisting the knife: Video from Trump-inspired performance... Portland stabber yells 'not guilty' in court and says he... Police kill heavily-armed gang member in overnight... Video shows plainclothes NYPD officer pointing a GUN at... Woman, 36, charged with attempted murder after she 'gave... Mom, 26, who suffocated her one-year-old son and... Boy, 4, accidentally shoots dead his mother's 29-year-old... Cops AND robbers: Baltimore police officers charged with... EXCLUSIVE: Eric Trump says critics of his children's... Adopted son and two friends forced his parents to the... Hiker survives 100-foot fall into a narrow ravine at Zion... How NSA leaker Reality Winner got her unusual name – and... 'What a mess!' Trump implores Republicans in Congress to... Girlfriend's tearful reaction to being given an adorable... Retired Navy commander pleads guilty to fraud for lying... Trump brags about Paris pullout and controversial... Married mother-of-four teacher, 49, is found sleeping in... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 57 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals rage she took home after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Stunning wife of Chicago Cubs baseball star Addison Russell accuses him of cheating on her on Instagram  The couple wed last June and have two kids Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider 'They were super into each other:' Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man in NYC  'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) 3 beds and 1.3 acres 'She can really sing!' Leaked version of Britney Spears' Toxic without auto-tune wows listeners, who say the 'flawless' song is even BETTER than original 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny gray mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry on a rainy day in Miami The pair hit South Beach Makeup-free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class in Los Angeles Plus-size models such as size 16 Ashley Graham are officially good for our mental health by boosting our self-esteem Study done at FSU 'Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Thought to require surgery on his head  'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Triumphant night Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in Santa Monica Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals her healthier figure a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit on Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in wardrobe malfunction 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on RHONY Posed au naturel for an English painter Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut stomach in black hoodie and tracksuit bottom as she runs errands in LA Looking good That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Carried the four-year-old Elegant Huma arrives at the Stephan Weiss Apple Awards to support longtime boss Hillary Clinton as she receives top honor Arrived separately 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary She looks ready to pop! Formula One motor racing star Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows her baby bump as family hits the beach ahead of birth 'I'm the One Nut Wonder': Tarek El Moussa reveals he has testicle implant due to cancer... and insists he KNEW about wife's fling with contractor 'Learning to code with Arabella tonight!' Ivanka joins in with her daughter's homework after hailing girls as next generation of leaders at the White House Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Posed on a bed PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt About to jet off Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand Prince Charles' wife Camilla pretends to knight a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show Braless British singer Ellie Goulding is branded 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade fans to be politically engaged as the UK goes to polls 'I use dance to clear my mind': Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her tiny waist and ample bust in new snap... after announcing she was quitting social media 'for a while' Country queen! Carrie Underwood flaunts her legs in glittering look at CMT Music Awards She highlighted her legs in a silver sequined top with a textured mini His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Handsome other half Anwar Hadid, 17, and pretty Transformers actress girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cozy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Gigi and Bella's brother Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere She looked ready to pop as she hit the premiere 'Moment you realize you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as she films hairdresser pal Ken Paves showing off his moves Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save vaquita porpoise - which could go extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Vowed to try to save them Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley Three generations  'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 If you've got it! Christie Brinkley puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Stunning at 63 Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown to support her NBC show This Is Us She looked gorgeous in an off-the-shoulder sapphire gown Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville The Girls Trip star made a solo trip to the awards Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman That's love! Actress Clare Bowen flaunts ample cleavage as she packs on the PDA with fiance Brandon Robert Young at the CMT Music Awards Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  'At school, nobody knew Rebel Wilson': Star accused of 'lying about her age, childhood and name in Hollywood so she would appear to be in her 20s' 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos 'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto says he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to become a father Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Become man and wife Staying active! Lauren Conrad explains how she remains fit and healthy during pregnancy... just days after revealing she's expecting a boy A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Czech model What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York Shimmering star  Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst They indulged in fast food together They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Classic film double act Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville The actress's dress featured a plunging neckline and a full skirt Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy Walked the red carpet How to Get Away with Murder co-stars Charlie Weber and Liza Weil have been 'secretly dating for a year' How to get away with dating your co-star From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Luann D'Agostino takes a tumble during Real Housewives Of New York trailer...as they head to Mexico for skinny dipping and alcohol Twinkle, twinkle! Margot Robbie flaunts her trim pins in a star print frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Her cancer has returned 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins actor in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls as she heads out for coffee in New York Turning heads for the right reasons Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket as she touches down in Los Angeles The 20-year-old rocked a leather biker jacket 'I'm the youngest 61-year-old I know!': Bob Saget on how finding love with blogger Kelly Rizzo, 38, has given him a new lust for life  Blossoming romance 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!': John Cena describes moment he proposed to in front of MILLIONS of WrestleMania fans Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach on Battle Of The Network Stars Taking her new role very seriously  Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Decked out in activewear Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Encapsulated mod style Alec Baldwin looks dapper as Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation The power couple led the attendees Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Seen filming her show Younger in NYC Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium She has added to her feline brood Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut a dapper figure at the Apple Awards in New York after celebrating 21 years of marriage I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo Formerly blonde Freaks and Geeks alum 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film For a fourth time He stole Clint's girl, romped with Gilligan's Island star Tina Louise and yukked it up with Obama: He's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he's telling all No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Wet and windy weather  Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX The 13-year-old paired her sandals with an Ivy Park hoodie So thirsty! Kim knocks back tequila shots while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol)  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman hits out at body shamers while proudly posing in a low-cut swimsuit, as she insists NO ONE should be told how to dress 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor on KUWTK She said she wants kids with beau Tristan Jessica Simpson SLAMMED for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit A couple that dresses together, stays together? As Selena Gomez and The Weeknd  wear matching getups, FEMAIL gets scoop on outfit coordination Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted pants in New York City That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  Radiant Reese Witherspoon glows as she steps out with a purse and top from her own line Draper James Wearing a summery chic ensemble MTV's Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead in his apartment after suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form after 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency 'Grateful to be back': Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris amid heightened security after Manchester attack Intense security Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection The 19-year-old reality stripped off One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by rain  'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' How to get a body like Khloe: The Kardashian's nutritionist reveals she eats SEVEN meals a day and why the star doesn't drink juice She looks amazing Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she keeps ignoring Scott Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham displays her fashion fatigue in a blue pajama set after a non-stop week in New York City Comfortable outfit 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' Starting as he means to go on? Disheveled Simon Cowell puffs on a cigarette as he arrives at Midsummer Ball event with girlfriend Lauren Silverman on his arm 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss So nice she did it twice! Gayle King wears $1,300 dress backwards AGAIN on CBS, one year after she made the fashion faux pas the first time Alex Rodriguez cheats on J. Lo and is not sexually attracted to her alleges self-proclaimed mistress, who claims baseball star likes rough sex and threesomes  Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London After George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Alexander and Ella, FEMAIL rounds up the best new beauty products for moms and infants First transgender model to appear on the cover of Vogue Paris urges others in the industry to embrace diversity Historic moment 'So inspiring!' Rihanna shows caring side as she teaches impoverished students math in Malawi The Diamonds hitmaker took to Instagram  Suki Waterhouse is reunited with rumored boyfriend Diego Luna as they step out in NYC... following her glamorous appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Toddle is now 18 months old Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Beach babe! FEMAIL reveals the items you need to have a stylish day of fun in the sun inspired by Kendall Jenner, Izabel Goulart, and more Just kidding! Now Ryan Lochte now insists he was NEVER suicidal - less than 24 hours after he said he was 'about to hang up my entire life' after the Rio scandal 'If you piss off a woman, she will scare you way more than a man': The Mummy's Sofia Boutella reveals what it's like playing a 'terrifying' female Back to brunette! Lady Gaga sports brown hair on the set of Bradley Cooper's film A Star Is Born ... after brief go at blazing orange locks Another change of look Katherine Webb films toddle Tripp throwing toy balls, revealing she and NFL star hubby AJ McCarron have been debating whether he'll be a 'lefty' or a 'righty'  'They have George's nose': Proud grandpa Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cozies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Baby news! Florida Georgia Line singer Tyler Hubbard and his wife Hayley are expecting their first child together Married  two years Downton Abbey star Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress at the Royal Academy Summer bash in London 'He's the bride!': Kate Mara says fiance Jamie Bell is doing the wedding planning as she puts on busty display in LBD on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon House of Cards star is back in D.C. to haunt the REAL president: Kate Mara leads protest over missing animal welfare records at Department of Agriculture 'We're so excited for summer!' Ivanka Trump flashes a big smile as she steps out in a floral frock to take her three-year-old son Joseph to his last day of school Makeup-free Lea Michele touches down in Toronto as she prepares to promote sitcom The Mayor Wearing cropped jeans and a white tank Tom Cruise hints there could be a volleyball scene in the new Top Gun: Maverick movie after Val Kilmer pushes to be cast again as Iceman She loves her double denim! Jessica Biel shows off her slender legs in skintight ripped jeans while grocery shopping in New York City Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Role made famous by Julie Andrews Alex Rodriguez's ex 'demands $600k or she will release private text messages from star'... but A-Rod 'insists he won't pay and has full support of J.Lo' Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in translucent black dress during dinner date with The Weeknd in New York City LeAnn Rimes wears tiny Daisy Dukes to put on show of unity with Eddie Cibrian after his ex wife Brandi Glanville predicts the couple will have ugly breakup Girl time! Olivia Munn shakes off heartbreak of Aaron Rodgers breakup as she hugs long-time pal Julianne Moore in New York City Fun day out for pair  The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Crazy for zombies Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing Bill Maher's ex Coco Johnsen suggests he may have used N-word with her, but DENIES he's a racist and says he made 'n*****' comment to shock Stopping traffic! Stunning Salma Hayek stands out in figure-hugging orange skirt as she promotes her movie Beatriz At Dinner in New York City 'It is not the 1800s!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'go home and take care of your kids' after she posted a fun video of herself partying Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight in behind the scenes look at her new Bon Appétit music video Singer stripped off 'He was actually really cool about it... surprisingly':  Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after drunken dare Bikini-clad Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her lithe physique in scanty snakeskin two-piece as she soaks up the sun in Palm Springs  The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes EXCLUSIVE: Shaken not stirred! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves does his best impression of James Bond star Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in tiny speedos EXCLUSIVE: Don't blame me! Demi Moore blasts wrongful death lawsuit over 21-year-old man who drowned in her pool, claiming it was HIS own negligence  Makeup-free Felicity Jones dresses down as she steps out for designer shopping spree... hours after revealing her dazzling engagement ring Her fan-tasy woman! Brilliant in blue Camila Alves is wafted down by hostess Reese Witherspoon as they relax at fashion party in Beverly Hills That's his princess! Proud papa Chris Brown brings three-year-old daughter Royalty to premiere of his new biopic Welcome To My Life in Los Angeles  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses her marriage to James Bond star Daniel Craig Bombshell in black! l Kate Upton models casual look as she stops to take a photo with an eager fan at LAX airport Skintight black jeans  Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert and her girlfriend hold a commitment ceremony almost one year after she divorced her husband Sophie Turner shows off her slim figure in an all-black look as she steps out for lunch with beau Joe Jonas in West Hollywood Dating seven months 'Sometimes you have to meet up on the other side of the world': Ruby Rose and Jess Origliasso continue to flaunt their blossoming romance in London 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne reveals Cheryl has son Bear in sleeping pattern at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik  The bromance lives on! Barack Obama squeezes in time to enjoy a private dinner with young pretender  Justin Trudeau during his Montreal visit It's a BOYS: Jaime Pressly reveals that she and boyfriend Hamzi Hijazi are expecting twins this fall  The 39-year-old actress also has son, 10, by ex Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law jailed for six months after Hell's Kitchen star's emails were hacked in a bid to 'air chef's dirty linen in public' following feud Beach bum! Blanca Blanco shows off her derriere in teensy bikini as she grabs a surfboard for seaside photoshoot Rocked a tiny bikini Princess Beatrice looks glamorous in a silver skirt for her first night out since returning to New York after her ex-boyfriend Dave Clark became engaged  She's her mini me! Reese Witherspoon and daughter Ava, 17, wow in patterned dresses for NET-A-PORTER X Draper James event Lookalike daughter Laughing it off! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian collapse into a fit of giggles after filming in LA... after disowning Caitlyn Jenner on KUWTK Activewear flair! Makeup-free Jessica Gomes dresses up her gym gear with a Yves Saint Laurent handbag as she steps out in Beverly Hills 'So proud': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend support daughter Luna, 14 months, as she throws out first pitch at Seattle Mariners game Held tight by her father Solemn Prince William visits Flanders in Belgium to pay tribute to Irish unionist and nationalist soldiers who fought side-by-side in World War One EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton's new flame revealed! Meet fashion model James Abercrombie who is heir to a whopping $430m fortune  No wonder they're shredded! Chelsea Clinton sticks with her favorite pair of frayed nude heels AGAIN as she steps out in New York for awards dinner Caitlyn Jenner looks downcast as she steps out in Malibu amid claims relationship with Kendall and Kylie has become 'very strained' Been a rough few weeks Scott who? A very happy Bella Thorne twerks in the street as she picks up some lunch with her sister Dani in LA... after Disick romance turned sour She's a knockout! Demi Lovato shows off gym-toned body while wearing boxing handwraps on set of Kate Hudson's Fabletics advertisement Winnie Harlow takes the plunge in feathered gown before breaking down in emotional speech... as Jourdan Dunn flashes underwear at Glamour Awards ABS-olutely fabulous! Kylie Jenner flaunts midriff in tiny crop top as she enjoys dinner date with Travis Scott at Miami chicken restaurant Jennifer Garner flaunts her svelte figure and slender legs in kooky pastel pineapple print midi dress at fashion launch in Los Angeles She looked great Save Tonka! The Good Wife star Alan Cumming fights back against 'filthy' animal facility in Missouri with a new petition to free ex chimp co-star Va va voom! Christie Brinkley flashes cleavage in sassy LBD as she leads the stars at Nightcap premiere Youthful beauty 63, continues to drop jaws  'We found each other': Simon Cowell shows his softer side on America's Got Talent as he cuddles a furry cat and hits Golden Buzzer for a deaf singer      DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Little People Big World's Jeremy and Audrey Roloff become first-time homeowners after plunking down $465k on four-bedroom home It's in the jeans! Gigi Hadid and mom Yolanda are a matching pair in denim as Bella shows off her legs for dinner in New York Head-turning trio Dazzling in white! Glowing Amy Schumer reveals ample bosom in plunging gown as she gives speech at Designing Women Awards Gala Belle of the ball! Heidi Klum channels Beauty And The Beast in yellow dress before slipping into multiple outfits for Project Runway photo shoot in NYC Felicity Jones shows off dazzling engagement ring for the first time... as she gives flash of side-boob in a ruffled backless gown at Glamour Awards Flashing her tummy! Empire star Serayah McNeill shows off her toned belly while leaving a music studio Strutted to her car after leaving a music studio Melania Trump as you've definitely never seen her before: Sculptor creates statue in honor of the First Lady... but doesn't quite capture her beauty  It's getting hot in here! Game Of Thrones season 7 will break the world record for the amount of times someone is set on fire Heating things up 'On Broadway in 2018!' Cher confirms stage musical of her life will debut at NYC theater next year Show will Turn Back Time for legend Chivalry in the city! Flawless Sarah Jessica Parker is kept dry by hunky PA carrying an umbrella during a rainy day of filming in NYC Filming HBO's Divorce Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Carey Mulligan displays rounded bump as she films scenes for new BBC crime drama in Westminster amid pregnancy rumors Busting out! Salma Hayek showcases her bountiful bosom as she enjoys massage before film premiere She's preparing to promote her latest film Biker chic! Mariah Carey pours her curves into ripped skinny jeans and cropped leather jacket in Beverly Hills Added a pair of funky black leather boots She can sing, too! Nicole Kidman gives a rockin' impromptu performance of Proud Mary on The Late Late Show with James Corden 'I needed help getting laid!' Ed Sheeran insists his 'unfortunate looks' led to God-given music talent... before gorging 55 Maltesters during Carpool Karaoke  Who needs a wife when you have these ladies? Single Tom Cruise looks smitten with his stunning Mummy co-stars at NYC premiere Aaron Rodgers 'still not on speaking terms with his family' after Olivia Munn split The 33-year-old NFL superstar 'still has not reconciled with family' Eva Mendes makes rare public appearance in tight denim for some errands in Beverly Hills Popped up in public rocking a striped ensemble Time to find love! Corinne Olympios, DeMario Jackson and Amanda Stanton join season four of Bachelor In Paradise...as full roster is revealed Michelle Obama laments how Barack wore exact same tux for eight years and no one commented - while she was scrutinized for every dress choice Chloe Grace Moretz highlights her enviably lean legs in horse patterned Coach dress for the brand's summer bash Leggy lady!  No time for a blow out! Courteney Cox leaves a Beverly Hills salon with damp locks... but makes up for it by wearing chic $1,500 Chanel shoes Busy woman A sultry summer look in silk! Hilary Duff is ready for a heatwave in tie-dyed dress while walking her puppy Momo on Younger set in NYC Leaving them shaken and stirred! James Bond star Pierce Brosnan thrills fans by stopping for photos Cuddled up to a pair of lovelies 'Just to be in your arms again': Iman posts touching message to late husband David Bowie on what would have been 25th wedding anniversary Flower power! Jessica Biel steps out solo looking pretty as a petal in floral print jumpsuit in New York City completed her outfit with nude Louboutin heels Just like home! Prince Harry is handed a cup of tea and a chocolate cookie by admirers as he gets soaked by torrential rain in Sydney during royal visit Look away Meghan! Prince Harry charms the ladies during his visit to Australia to launch Invictus Games   Pictured sharing a laugh with various ladies Belle of the ball! Stars like Kate Bosworth and Selena Gomez don the season's most popular statement-making earrings and YOU can too Millie Bobby Brown shows off her playful side on the red carpet at Netflix event for Stranger Things The 13-year-old seemed to be having fun Letting her beau guide the way! Ariel Winter holds onto boyfriend of six months Levi Meaden as they leave a grocery store Linked arms Jennifer Hudson looks magnetic in strapless monochrome dress as she scoops Trailblazer trophy at the Glamour Women of the Year awards in London  'I'm 2,000 years old': Tom Cruise acts out scenes based on The Mummy written by kids as he appears on The Tonight Show Loving it  'Don't remember all of them': Nicole Kidman recalls wild parties and drinking absinthe during filming for Moulin Rouge as she reunited with co-star Ewan McGregor Rosé-colored locks! Amber Heard flaunts freshly dyed pink hair after laughing off wine mishap during Aquaman cast party on the Gold Coast Ariana Grande's beautiful and heart-rending version of Over The Rainbow released as a single to benefit Manchester victims 22 people were killed Is this what Ella and Alexander Clooney will look like? George and Amal's twins imagined as cherubic toddlers in computer-generated images  Frozen in time! Vanilla Ice, 49, looks fresh faced as he touches down in Melbourne with Salt-N-Pepa for the 'I Love The 90s' Australian tour Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Nikki Reed cuts effortlessly stylish figure in flowing grey dress as she grabs dinner with husband Ian Somerhalder Her cup runneth over! Vanessa Hudgens sips on champagne as she cuts a casually chic figure while shopping for new shoes at Neiman Marcus She looks like a college student! Victoria's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio wears backpack and sweatshirt as she arrives in London Her little man: Kourtney Kardashian bonds with son Mason Disick, 7, as she joins sister Kim for KUWTK filming Played the doting mom as she stepped out in LA Ready to Rambo! Brooklyn Beckham channels military chic in ripped khaki t-shirt and camouflage combats ... and a headband inspired by dad David  Meg flyin'! Sleepless In Seattle star Ryan is a vision in black as she heads home after jetting into Los Angeles She stunned at the CFDA Fashion Awards It runs in the family! Mandy Moore and her This is Us daughter Chrissy Metz shine in gorgeous gowns at gala event in Los Angeles On the red carpet Michelle Williams is a seventies style icon as she films kidnap drama in Rome with Mark Wahlberg The pair were in character Nicole Kidman praises the 'best year of her life' on the eve of her 50th birthday... as she pays tribute to London in Glamour Women Of The Year speech Shaking it like no one's watching! Kim Zolciak is caught twerking in a bikini by her daughter Brielle during tropical vacation Watch the full video It's a boy and a girl! George and Amal Clooney celebrate arrival of 'healthy and happy' twins  Couple welcomed Ella and Alexander So awkward! Jerry Seinfeld shuns Kesha's requests for hug on red carpet... and admits he has no idea who she is Singer approached  comedian in DC Revolution has a price tag! Natalie Portman hikes with three-month-old daughter Amalia before slipping into $710 feminist T-shirt Enjoyed a stroll PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shopping for baby clothes? Amal Clooney's mother Baria is spotted browsing London stores after birth announcement Karate Kids 2! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas show off their martial arts moves for second day in a row  During a parking lot kettle bell session 'It felt like having a baby': Thandie Newton says being naked in Westworld was empowering and liberating 'Intense self-affirmation' Hollywood star Rebel Wilson arrives at court for the final day of her defamation trial against Australian manazine Will wrap up her trial on Wednesday Giddyup! Ashton Kutcher and Jada Pinkett Smith are set to present at this year's CMT Music Awards The bash celebrates folk musicians Taking the plunge! Keri Russell rocks extra low-cut blouse and sophisticated trench coat for New York outing  Looking glamorous Lovely in lace: Kate Mara strikes an elegant pose in white dress to promote new war drama Megan Leavey in NYC For her appearance on AOL's Build Series 'That photographer's assistant is trying REALLY hard not to look at my boobs': Ashley Graham shares VERY intimate inner thoughts during sexy shoot 'We meditate together': Hugh Jackman, 48, reveals the secret behind his successful 21-year marriage to wife Deborra-Lee Furness, 61 Long-lasting relationship Gabourey Sidibe hits out at 'annoying' people who compliment her for shedding pounds post-surgery Actress can't stand  uninvited remarks Ruby Rose dons an all-black ensemble while girlfriend Jessica Origliasso rocks a white suit as they hold hands on the red carpet in London  'Party of five!' The Chew's Daphne Oz happily announces third pregnancy on Instagram, but admits that many fans had already 'guessed'  Megyn Kelly gets personal, plays coy and even sings Bon Jovi on 'Today' segment with husband - appearing for fifth straight day on the NBC morning show I gained 60lbs again! Ciara reveals her post-baby weight loss goals after welcoming second baby Sienna  Gave birth to Sienna just over a month ago  Chelsea Clinton hails cab to work in shredded heels while out-of-work hubby Marc Mezvinsky selects torn loafers for trip to the park with daughter Charlotte Kim Kardashian and Kanye West arrive home after kicking off his 40th birthday celebrations with trip to Bahamas with North and Saint The Crown star Vanessa Kirby gives a shout out to female empowerment as she leads the winners at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards Summer style on a budget! As Karlie Kloss and Olivia Palermo make affordable fashions look amazing, FEMAIL rounds up 24 cheap-yet-chic finds They have a name! Pregnant Jill Duggar and husband Derick Dillard of Counting On reveal they will call their second son Samuel Scott Fairytale family! Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas take sons Oliver and Hugo out for a magical day at Disneyland Once Upon A Time stars  EXCLUSIVE:  Meet the girlfriend of Tom Cruise's son Connor - a sexy blonde deep sea fishing expert with a wild side and a mugshot to prove it Thomas Cohen and his girlfriend Zoe Sidel make a kooky pair in striking boho looks as they enjoy a date night at a charity art event in London Let's go, baby! Peta Murgatroyd takes son Shai to the gym for pre-wedding workout with fiance Maksim  The Dancing With the Stars professionals 'I don't know what the f*** we talk about': Gwyneth Paltrow admits she doesn't always understand the advice on her site Goop Her big confession  Tearful Andrea Constand comes face to face with smirking Bill Cosby for first time in a decade as she tells court how she woke up to find him groping her  Noel Gallagher 'donates profits from his song Don't Look Back In Anger to charity for Manchester victims... as he claims he was never invited to One Love gig' Happy National Day! Sweden's royals turn out in traditional dress to ring in the festivities - but it's adorable Princess Estelle who steals the show  Mommy's me time! Selma Blair takes a break from parenting her son to enjoy a pampering session in LA Sported a nautical look with striped top Giving dad advice? Barack Obama visited George Clooney at the actor's English estate just nine days before Amal gave birth Spent evening together Trouble in paradise? Selena Gomez dazzles as she steps out for a date night with her boyfriend The Weeknd... but the pair don't look too happy Party time! Pals Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin change out of red carpet frocks to hit the town after CFDA Fashion Awards in New York City Rihanna shows off her nipple piercing as she dances in sheer crop top while filming music video in Miami... after breaking silence over fat shaming with meme Back to the Big Apple! Shay Mitchell shows off her city chic style in sheer top and fitted jeans... after sharing bathtub photo from Morocco Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her model figure in blush satin gown at fashion awards She was recently signed to IMG Models  EXCLUSIVE: Judge DENIES Jim Carrey's motion to remove claims he transmitted STDs in wrongful death battle with his late girlfriend's mom  Where's Stella? Kristen Stewart leaves her ex Alicia Cargile's house in the morning... but model girlfriend Maxwell is nowhere to be seen A warm hug! Lea Michele wraps her arms around a male friend as she dresses down to meet up with a group of pals in a Beverly Hills park 'I was about to hang up my entire life': Ryan Lochte reveals he considered suicide after Rio Games but is better than ever with a son on the way  Still got it! Hugh Hefner's 54-year-old ex-wife Kimberly strips down to a lacy black bra to recreate iconic 1988 Playboy cover - after her SON suggested it Pregnant Serena Williams looks glowing in a loose white top as she relaxes courtside to watch the tennis during French Open Snacking on a banana Britney Spears spins into a kiss with boyfriend Sam Asghari on Instagram as he visits her in Japan Toxic singer is currently on tour in Asia  Kerry Washington gives her parents a present on HER birthday... along with 'inappropriate notes' thanking them for 'getting it on' Designer off duty! Make-up free Stella McCartney, 45, is casual on a clothes run as she carries the coffees in NYC Glowing complexion  Braving the windy weather! Queen Letizia of Spain displays her slender figure in a wine-colored outfit in Madrid Glamorous royal  Dangerous curves ahead! Iggy Azalea showcases her famous physique and surgically-enhanced bust in a lilac bikini aboard luxury yacht in Mexico Former police officer who protected Whitney Houston and inspired hit film The Bodyguard claims his efforts to intervene in star's drugs spiral saw him FIRED! Last hurrah! Mindy Kaling unites with her writers as they prepare for final season of The Mindy Project Former The Office star is moving on  Flower power! Tara Reid is all smiles as she steps out in petal-patterned jacket in New York City The 41-year-old enjoyed Big Apple sunshine Today's headlines Most Read Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two... Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians... Theresa casts her vote: PM and her husband arrive at polling station as party leaders join millions... It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in... Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to... Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of... Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to... Believing in God could help combat diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an... Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying... 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two... Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery... What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say... Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone... 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will... Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating... Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre... 'I put my entire reputation on it': Auctioneer spends $50,000 proving that painting found in Arizona... Are these the most pampered pets of all time? The furry friends that are fed fillet steak, roast dinners and... Former bus driver, 27, who lived with his parents is found guilty of travelling to Syria to join ISIS where... Drinking 4 cups of coffee or just 1 of herbal tea each day protects against deadly liver disease Do YOU keep onions in the fridge? Why the vegetable will go off VERY quickly if you keep it chilled (and... Eating red onions may help to fight cancer: Powerful compounds found in the tasty vegetable are 'excellent'... Horrifying moment cops 'surround innocent man who just crawled from a burning car and kick him in the HEAD' When is it safe to leave children home alone? Revealed: Everything parents need to know before they plan an... 'I sexted my stepdad by accident': People reveal the embarrassing exchanges that STILL keep them awake at... MORE HEADLINES He stole Clint Eastwood's woman, had nonstop sex with Gilligan's Island actress Tina Louise and yukked it up with President Obama - of course he did, he's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he tells all in new memoir Four-year-old boy tragically drowns ONE WEEK after going swimming in rare dry-drowning case Donald Trump told James Comey 'I need loyalty, I EXPECT loyalty' in one-on-one dinner, fired FBI director reveals in bombshell sworn testimony - and says president asked him to PROVE he hadn't used Russian hookers Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' and claims she 'even had an orgasm' 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Heart-stopping video shows moment armed police gunned down London Bridge terrorists in a hail of bullets seconds after all three jihadis stabbed a passer-by - who miraculously got to his feet  Mother shot dead her two young children in their sleep and killed family dog before ending her own life and setting fire to her home in the middle of a 'bitter' custody battle with her estranged husband Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead 'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  'It looked like they pulled a toddler out of my belly!': Florida mom gives birth to a 13.5-pound baby girl 'Well I do mean it in a contentious way!': Senators hammer Intel director and NSA boss after they say they never felt 'pressured' but refuse to reveal whether Trump asked them to dial back the FBI's Russia probe Bomb squad carry out two controlled explosions outside new US Embassy in London after suspicious vehicles are parked outside Louisiana man is charged over murder of missing massage therapist, 24, after her boyfriend found her body in woods near the home of her last client  Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Two Missouri teens tied a kitten to a car's bumper and dragged it to its death as laughing friends videotaped the 'cat tossing and turning until it could not run anymore' Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  Vladimir Putin slams Hillary Clinton saying she 'abused the Russian issue' by comparing him to Hitler and praises Ronald Reagan for stopping work at 6 p.m. each day to watch TV with his wife in series of interviews with Oliver Stone Pictured: Mute autistic boy, four, who starved to death clinging to his mother's rotting corpse TWO WEEKS after she died from an epileptic fit in their London flat  Every little thing is gonna be alright! Incredible before and after photos show how frightened and abandoned dog Bob Marley is on road to recovery after he and his pal were rescued I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Married teacher, 39, who 'filmed herself having intercourse and performing sex acts on a 17-year-old male student' is charged after clips of the the mother-of-five were posted online and she tried to bribe the pupil to keep quiet MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now Breakingviews TV: GM runs over Einhorn - 03:32 Telecoms see Esports as potential goldmine - 01:54 Spotlight Episode Three, Peter Schiff. Part One - 10:11 Wall Street gains on Comey relief - 01:06 Qatar row leaves businesses uncertain about deals - 01:39 UK election: markets bet on May to carry the day - 01:53 Australia equals world record for economic growth - 01:46 Oil slides on rising stockpiles - 01:08 Goldman tops list in deposit rates - 01:25 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier - 01:13 Navistar swings to a loss - 01:03 Amazon discounts Prime for welfare and food stamps recipients Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - 01:05 Amazon cuts the price of its Prime subscription service for shoppers who receive U.S. government aid, taking aim at rival Wal-Mart. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Amazon is throwing another punch at Wal-Mart. It cut in half the price of its Prime subscription service for people on welfare and food stamps, Wal-Mart's key customer base. For $5.99 per month, they now get fast shipping and streaming of movies and TV shows. Max Wolff, market strategist at 55 Capital, says Amazon also wants to sell more groceries and drugs. (SOUNDBITE) MAX WOLFF, MARKET STRATEGIST, 55 CAPITAL (ENGLISH) SAYING: "They want to distribute into various subsidized households because that's an area they haven't penetrated. And what Amazon has learned very carefully, is that people who are in Prime, order a lot more than people who are not." Upping the ante against Wal-Mart, Amazon cut the threshold for free shipping on all orders to $25 from $35 in May. Wal-Mart started its own membership program called ShippingPass last year. It offered free two-day shipping for $49 a year. But the company ended the program in January, replacing it with free two-day shipping on orders of $35 or more. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2rxJix7 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371822274" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Amazon discounts Prime for welfare and food stamps recipients Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - 01:05 Top News » Iran bats away Trump's 'repugnant' condolences 4:56pm IST - (1:43) Comey says Trump asked him to drop part of... 3:31am IST - (2:21) Security dominates election campaign as UK... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:49) Tax loophole saves Uber millions in UK taxes Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:38) New French task force emerges after Notre Dame... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:57) Breakingviews TV: Facebook has the votes Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (4:10) What are the key issues in the UK general... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:52) London death toll rises as attackers' lives... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:06) Islamic State claims Tehran attack Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:01) Divided Britain: Brexit art show opens in time... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:15) 'I wish him luck': Trump on Comey's testimony Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:25) Police stop man wielding hammer outside Paris'... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Rough Cuts » Cosby accuser, attending the trial, describes... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:45) Salma Hayek strips down for her new role 1:30am IST - (2:34) Trump pushes infrastructure plan as Russia... 12:08am IST - (0:57) Japan's aquarium boasts largest collection of... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:11) U.S. intel chiefs arrive for hearing on Russia... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:20) Ryan says Trump never asked him for help amid... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:45) Top intel chiefs refuse to comment on Trump... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:25) Trump administration wants to make internet... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:03) Attack on Iran's parliament claimed by Islamic... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:50) Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump-Russia... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:35) Cosby arrives for day three of his trial Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:20) More public hearings planned in Russia probe Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:32) Technology » Colouring book comes to life as AR gets... 3:41pm IST - (1:56) Interactive instrument uses music for child... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:57) Brooklyn farming startup aims to feed an urban... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:59) Artificial 'blowhole' turning tide on wave... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:38) Turning car windows into video displays Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:22) Apple gets serious about Siri Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (2:10) Apple gets serious about Siri Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (2:16) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part One Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (10:12) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part Two Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (7:07) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part Three Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (8:44) 'Last African dinosaur' discovered in Moroccan... Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (1:37) 'Mom and pop' investors drive Bitcoin surge in... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) Oddly Enough » Japan's aquarium boasts largest collection of... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:11) Mexican bartenders eye world record with... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:17) Madrid gears up for WorldPride with gay-themed... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:20) New York City convenience store bemuses... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:35) Piano players play Bach prelude on 60 pianos Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:26) From fear of water to gold, Bosnian armless... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (1:25) A startup that's turning bread into beer Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:36) Lima celebrates Peruvian Clown Day Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:34) Stone-lifting strongmen compete in Bavaria Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:12) Pastry chef paints cookies in Trump's likeness Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (2:04) Hopes rise for safe birth by Japan's probably... Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (0:52) New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Entertainment » Rachel Weisz premieres "My Cousin Rachel" 7:25am IST - (1:40) The cast and crew of 'Stranger Things' talk... 2:42am IST - (2:20) Salma Hayek strips down for her new role 1:30am IST - (2:34) Prince Harry tours Sydney to promote 2018... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:14) Tom Cruise mingles with fans at the New York... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:39) George Clooney and lawyer wife Amal welcome... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:53) Divided Britain: Brexit art show opens in time... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:15) Hollywood legend Sam Elliott attends 'The... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:24) Jerry Lewis hospitalised in Las Vegas with... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Street artist Banksy's election offer... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:30) Stars of fashion and film attend annual CFDA... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:25) Cosby arrives for day two of sex assault trial Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (0:57) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
bankrate-logo Mortgages Compare Lenders Mortgage rates Refinance rates Home equity loan rates Compare mortgage rates Mortgage lender reviews Use Calculators Mortgage calculator How much house can you afford Mortgage refinance calculator Mortgage payment calculator Amortization calculator Cost of living calculator Get Advice Veteran Homebuyer Central Reverse Mortgage Loan Central Real estate center Refinance center Home equity center How to buy a home How to refinance your mortgage Understand closing costs Which mortgage is right for you? Tips for first time homebuyers Understanding FHA loans Home Hacker blog Banking Compare Accounts CD rates Savings rates Money market rates Checking accounts Use Calculators Savings calculator CD calculator CD ladder calculator Compound savings calculator Get Advice Money market account vs. savings account How to find the best debit card Bank ratings and reviews Power Up blog Credit Cards Compare Cards Balance transfer 0% APR Cash back Airline Rewards Business Use Calculators Credit card payoff calculator Debt-to-income ratio calculator Balance transfer calculator Debt consolidation calculator Get Advice How to get out of debt How to improve credit score Getting a credit card with bad credit Balance transfer pros and cons Card Shark blog Reviews Best rewards credit cards Best travel credit cards Best balance transfer credit cards Best cash back credit cards Best businesss credit card Best low interest credit cards Auto Compare Lenders Auto loans Use Calculators Auto loan calculator Early payoff calculator Get Advice How to lease a car Car loans for bad credit Refinance your car How to get the best auto loan rates Loans Compare Lenders Personal loans Personal loans for debt consolidation Personal loans for bad credit Student loans Home improvement loans Use Calculators Loan calculator Student loan calculator Mortgage payoff calculator Personal loan calculator Get Advice How to get a personal loan Paying off student loans How to pay for home improvements Managing debt How to pay off student loans How to get a home equity loan Student loans center Personal Loan Reviews Lending Club review LendUp review OneMain Financial review Prosper review SoFi review Avant review Investing Compare Rates CD rates IRA CD rates Online brokers for stock trading Use Calculators Investment calculator Return on investment calculator Annuity calculator Retirement plan calculator 401(K) retirement calculator Roth IRA calculator Get Advice Retirement center Saving for your child's college Creating passive income Mutual fund vs. ETF Roth IRA vs. tradtitional IRA When can I retire? Wealth Builder blog Taxes Learn 2016-2017 tax brackets State tax rates Tax forms Use Calculators Earned Income Tax Credit calculator 1040 income tax calculator What is your tax bracket? Get Advice Tracking down your tax refund Tax tips for new homeowners 10 often overlooked tax breaks States with no income tax: Better or Worse Free credit report myBankrate open advertisement Saving Money Blog Finance Blogs » Saving Money Blog » Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target By Mitch Strohm · Bankrate.com Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Posted: 11 am ET Tweet Email Tweet Email Tom Pennington/Getty Images Black Friday is only a few days away. And several stores are offering great deals on tech, kitchen and household items. Target, Best Buy and Wal-Mart have especially attractive Black Friday ads this year. Those stores are advertising deep discounts on items including TVs, vacuums and even coffeemakers. RATE SEARCH: Get more out of your shopping with a rewards credit card. Below you'll find some standout deals that have been already been announced in Black Friday ads: Wal-Mart Wal-Mart's Black Friday deals officially begin in-store at 6 p.m. Nov. 24 (they are available all day Nov. 24 online) and continue through Nov. 25. Here are some of Wal-Mart's top Black Friday deals: $298 Phillips 55-inch Smart 4K TV $648 Samsung 60-inch Smart 4K TV $199 Apple iPad Mini 2 32GB $69 Fitbit Flex 2 $99 Nintendo 3DS $249 Xbox One S White 500GB Battlefield Bundle $9.76 Crock-Pot 5-QT. Slow Cooker $99 Actic King Chest Freezer $169 Serta Massage Recliner $196 Dyson V6 Slim Cordless Vacuum RATE SEARCH: Shop for the best credit cards from our partners. Best Buy Best Buy plans to open doors at its stores at 5 p.m. local time on Thanksgiving Day. Nearly all of them will remain open until 1 a.m. local time on Friday, Nov. 25. They'll reopen at 8 a.m. Nov 25 and close at 10 p.m. Here are some of Best Buy's top Black Friday deals: $199.99 Toshiba 49-inch 4K Ultra HD TV $39.99 Bose SoundSport In-Ear Headphones $89.99 Powerbeats Wireless Headphones $479.99 Samsung 55-inch LED 4K Ultra HD Smart TV $199.99 Samsung 4K UHD Blu-ray Player with a $10 Best Buy Gift Card $49.99 Homido V2 Virtual Reality Headset $249 (PlayStation 4 Uncharted Bundle with two free games $299.99 Dyson V6 Animal Cord-Free Stick Vacuum $124.99 Ring Smart HD Video Doorbell $199.99 KitchenAid Professional 5 Plus Series Stand Mixer Target Target is starting Black Friday with a presale on Wednesday, Nov. 23 — you can shop all day at Target.com, or you can shop in-store with Target's free savings program app, Cartwheel. Target's Black Friday deals are available all of Thanksgiving Day at Target.com and at Target stores starting at 6 p.m. The deals continue through Nov. 25 until 10 p.m., 11 p.m. or midnight, depending on the store. Here are some of Target's standout Black Friday deals: $249.99 50-inch Hisense 4K UHD TV $198 Apple Watch Series 1 $89.99 Powerbeats 2 Wireless Earphones $89.95 Fitbit Charge HR $249.99 (regularly $299.99) Xbox One S Console 500GB Battlefield 1 or Minecraft Bundle — comes with a $40 Target Gift Card $29.99 (regularly $59.99) select video games $99 (regularly $149) Anova Sous Vide Bluetooth Precision Cooker $199.99 (regularly $349.99) Hoover Quest 700 Robotic Vacuum $299.99 (regularly $499.99) Dyson V6 Animal Cordless Stick Vacuum $129.99 (regularly $259.99) Motorola Digital Video Baby Monitor Keep in mind that Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target all have different rules for Black Friday. Best Buy, for instance, hands out tickets to purchase items in its Black Friday ad. It pays to know each store's individual rules before you brave the crowds. And remember, many stores are conveniently offering Black Friday deals online, some of which are available now. RATE SEARCH: Find a low-rate credit card. Related posts: Best Target Black Friday Deals 2016 Target Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Best Buy Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Target Black Friday deals for tech Best Buy Black Friday Deals 2016 « Target Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Black Friday ads 2016: Best tech deals at Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. 17 Comments Virginia June 06, 2017 at 1:23 pm buy american jerseys | Wholesale 74 Chris Hubbard Jersey from China, provide nice chance to buy 9 Connor Shaw Jersey with the attractive wholesale price and fast free shipping. Rex May 23, 2017 at 4:43 pm Hello, the whole thing is going sound here and ofcourse every one is sharing information, that's genuinely good, keep up writing. cheap football jerseys Rigoberto May 03, 2017 at 11:53 pm This piece of writing is genuinely a nice one it helps new web viewers, who are wishing for blogging. cheap nhl jerseys Tommy April 14, 2017 at 12:36 pm What's up, I want to subscribe for this website to get most up-to-date updates, so where can i do it please help out. wholesale nba jerseys Tamika April 04, 2017 at 11:51 am Hello there! This is kind of off topic but I need some advice from an established blog. Is it very hard to set up your own blog? I'm not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I'm thinking about creating my own but I'm not sure where to begin. Do you have any tips or suggestions? Thank you wholesale NFL jerseys Valeria March 18, 2017 at 12:06 pm Everything is very open with a very clear description of the issues. It was really informative. Your website is extremely helpful. Thank you for sharing!wholesale mlb jerseys « Older Comments Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Latest Blogs SAVING MONEY Join our exclusive Money Masters group SAVING MONEY What's old is new again SAVING MONEY Is your Macy's, Sears or Kmart closing? SAVING MONEY It's Free Shipping Day! Here's what to know advertisement Today's Top Stories   Mortgage rates inch downward Can a creditor garnish jobless benefits? 2009 RMD rules for an IRA Co-signer payments will protect credit Health reform needs urgent treatment advertisement About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   advertisement Connect with us             bankrate-logo About Us Press Room Investor Relations Affiliate Center Contact Us Careers Advertise With Us Latest News Blogs Glossary Compare Rates Sitemap Understand Bankrate's Averages Privacy Policy / Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Popular Topics How we make money Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate is compensated in exchange for featured placement of sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. This compensation may impact how, where and in what order products appear. Bankrate.com does not include all companies or all available products. © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Maximize Your Money. Get Expert Advice & Tools. Master Life's Financial Journey. You have money questions. Bankrate has answers. Our experts have been helping you master your money for four decades. Our tools, rates and advice help no matter where you are on life’s financial journey. Follow Us
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Cooler temperatures come with chance for mid-week showers Sponsor Weather Edenton family continues weather observation--120 years and counting DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw North Carolina Pitt grad transfer Johnson commits to UNC, unclear on playing status Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Unbundling: When streaming brings diminished returns Davidson's daydreams become Super Regional reality Pitino's Cards primed to pounce in ACC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Latest News Report: Health sciences contribute $3.7B to NC economy (WTW Insider) Latest News Bummer report: NC economy ranks only 15th among 50 states Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislators and their peanut gallery Editorial: End the partisan games, draw legal voting districts now Editorial: Rather than shake the D.C. establishment, Trump brings chaos You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side 'Fiduciary Rule' takes effect this week: See how it could affect your retirement 5 On Your Side Don't be corn-fused: See results of pre-popped popcorn tests 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Pets Dog with cancer fulfills bucket list, including marriage Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Comey to testify about conversations with Trump Weather Man films massive tornado in field Live Video Schedule 10a Comey testifies before Senate intel committee Noon WRAL Noon News 2p House holds special redistricting session Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › 60° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 60° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-06 13:32:00 Updated: 2017-06-06 13:32:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Welcome couponers from the Wake Forest class! Tags: Coupons, Printable coupons, Deals, Grocery deals, Freebies, Grocery coupons, Articles Posted 1:32 p.m. Tuesday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18GO3 Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Here's a big welcome to everyone who took the class in Wake Forest this morning! Read on for a number of resources that will help you get started in your couponing adventure and take you to the next level of saving! Smart Shopper on Facebook and Twitter: For those of you who enjoy social media, you can see the Smart Shopper posts on our Facebook page HERE and the Smart Shopper Twitter page HERE. Price Book: Click the link above to find my price book with the prices to look for when shopping for food and non-food essentials. You may want to print the list so you have it with your coupons while you are shopping. Drug Store coupon policies: CVS Coupon Policy can be found HERE Walgreens Coupon Policy can be found HERE Rite Aid Coupon Policy can be found HERE Printable coupon websites: Click the link for New January Printable Coupons in the section above for a list of printable coupon websites with great coupons every month. Couponing abbreviations: You will find that couponers speak their own language so it helps to know the lingo. Click the link in the box above for some help cracking the abbreviations code and deciphering the BOGO's from the ECB's. SavingStar cash back offers: With the cash back site SavingStar, you don't print out a coupon to redeem at the register. You enter your store reward card numbers on the SavingStar website (for those stores that have them), then load digital coupons to your reward cards, buy the participating products at any of the participating stores and then the coupon savings are added to your SavingStar account a couple weeks after your purchase. You can then cash out the savings for gift cards, Paypal and more. There are a number of participating SavingStar stores in our area including Harris Teeter, Lowes Foods, Food Lion, CVS, Walgreens, Target, Walmart, Kroger, Family Dollar and Rite Aid. With some of the stores (Target, Walmart, Walgreens, Kroger and Family Dollar), you will need to take a photo of the receipt through their app or website and submit it to get your cash back. Once you have accrued $5 worth of savings in your SavingStar account, you can cash the savings. You can choose to have the money deposited into your Paypal account or checking account or donate it to a non-profit organization. For more information and to sign up for this free cash back offer site, click HERE. Ibotta.com cash back offers: **** For a limited time, get a $10 sign-up bonus when you sign up with the ibotta app HERE start using the app and redeem a rebate! **** Get cash back on groceries with ibotta! The first step is to sign up on their website HERE. Click Sign up with e-mail to register. Then you will need to download the app on your smartphone or other mobile device as well. Just go to the app store on your phone and look for ibotta. Once you have signed up and have downloaded the app, you are ready to score the digital coupons! Here's how it works: 1. Before shopping, choose your offers through the app on your smartphone. The more you choose, the more cash back you'll earn. For each offer, you will need to complete 2 or more simple tasks to increase the amount of your digital coupons. Some of the tasks include taking a 1 question poll, looking at a recipe or watching a video. 2. Go Shopping. Buy your chosen products at any of the major retailers that Ibotta supports. 3. Take a photo of your receipt. They will verify your purchases and credit your account right away (you do not have to do this step at Food Lion. See below for details). 4. Cash in your earnings when they reach $20 or more. The money is sent to your PayPal account or cashed in for a participating gift card. Participating stores: Ibotta works at many local retailers, restaurants, grocery and drug stores including these stores in our area: Harris Teeter, Target, Walmart, Kroger, CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid, Food Lion, and various restaurants and retail stores. Food Lion shoppers: You don't actually have to scan your receipt at Food Lion. Once you have signed up and downloaded the app, go to the Food Lion section on the app and link your Food Lion MVP card to your ibotta account, Your qualified purchases will go right to ibotta and you won't have to download any receipts. Make sure you connect your MVP card BEFORE checkout. Like Savingstar.com discounts, the ibotta offers do not come off at the register. They are saved to your ibotta account. Once you reach $20 in earnings, you can have it deposited into your Paypal account or cash it out for specific gift cards. You can use the ibotta savings in conjunction with manufacturers coupons and savingstar.com e-coupons so you can stack a number of different savings avenues. This app does require a little extra work as far as taking pictures of the receipts but that doesn't take long at all and the savings add up fast. See all the details about this super cash back site at their website. Checkout 51 cash back offers: Checkout 51 e-coupon cash back offers can be used in conjunction with paper coupons and other digital coupon programs! And you can use it with your smartphone or computer! Here's how it works: * Sign up on the Checkout 51 website HERE for free using your e-mail or Facebook info. * Browse the available offers (and print out a list if you don't think you will remember them). * Head to the store (any store) and buy the offers you want (like $1 cash back on ANY gallon of milk or .50 cash back on a package of Lenders bagels). * Take a photo of your receipt and upload it to Checkout 51. * Once they confirm your purchase, they will credit your account. * When you accrue $20 in your Checkout 51 account, you can cash it out in the form of a check mailed to your address. Additional information: This program is not store specific. You can buy the items at ANY store that offers a receipt with the items purchased listed. New offers come out each Thursday and are available until the next Wednesday. You have to buy the participating product and submit the receipt during that week to get credit. Not everyone gets the same offers so make sure you log into your account to see what offers you received. For more information and to sign up for this free coupon site, click HERE. Swagbucks: Swagbucks is one of my favorite online sites! It allows you to earn free giftcards to Target, Walmart, CVS, Amazon, Starbucks, Walmart, Kohl's, Paypal, Domino's (and many other stores) just by doing activities online. Basically, you do things like searching on their search engine (instead of Google), answering surveys, watching videos, playing games, making online purchases at major retailers through their website and more and they reward you with points called "SB points." You cash in the SB points for gift cards! I have been a member for years and have earned a bunch of gift cards. See below for a sign up bonus. Swagbucks Sign Up Bonus: It's free to sign up for Swagbucks HERE and only takes a minute. New members usually get 30 Swagbucks when you sign up. Right now, if you sign up through this link HERE, you can score 70 Swag Bucks when you click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. It only takes 500 SB points for a $5 gift card! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Recently I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com HERE. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. BzzAgent: Another program I recommend for getting free products to sample, free product coupons and coupons to share is BzzAgent. Click HERE for their website. Recyclebank: Not only will you learn about great ways to become more eco-friendly in your home and throughout your community with Recyclebank, you will also be able to earn freebies, coupons and gift cards to places like Panera, iTunes, Best Buy and more! It's free to join HERE and you can start earning points right away by doing easy activities like watching videos about recycling, pledging to recycle certain products and reading articles about eco-friendly topics. Sometimes they offer $10 off a $50 purchase coupons for Harris Teeter. Sending expired coupons to U.S. military overseas: Click HERE for information on sending expired coupons to our military. You can donate your manufacturer coupons that are expired up to 6 months to our US military overseas who have access to an on-base commissary. Daily Smart Shopper blog newsletter: You can have an e-mail sent to you once a day with a list of all the new posts I have made in the last 24 hours. If anything interests you, just click on the link and it brings you to the blog on WRAL. It's a good way to remember to check the site daily so you don't miss any new printable coupons or good deals. To sign up for the blog, go to the home page of the Smart Shopper blog and click on the newsletter link on the right side of the page. Look for "Get the Smart Shopper e-mail newsletter". Once you sign up, WRAL will send you an e-mail once a day at 3:00 PM with the list of newest information I've posted. Of course, it is free to sign up. If you signed up at the class, it will be about a week before you start receiving your blog e-mails. Until then, feel free to read the blog daily through wral.com and click on Smart Shopper. Questions: Feel free to post your couponing and money-saving questions in the Share the Deals & Questions post I make every day on the Smart Shopper blog. You can submit your questions and share any deals you find in the Comments section at the bottom of the post. In order to post anything, you will need to register, which is free and easy to do. Thanks again for coming to the class and please share your experiences as you embark on your couponing journey. Have fun! . . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. More On This New January printable & digital coupons! Price Book: Best prices for 2016 Couponing Abbreviations and Terms Swagbucks.com website Ibotta.com SavingStar.com Checkout51 Snap by Groupon CVS Coupon Policy Walgreens coupon policy Rite Aid coupon policy BzzAgent.com Recyclebank.com CoupsForTroops.org Smart Shopper Twitter page Smart Shopper Facebook page show all Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Free Credit Score - No Card Required! UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Political News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation National News 11-year-old saves drowning classmate Out and About North Hills to unearth time capsule Thursday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Local News Supporter: 'America, you should be ashamed' at attempt to deport Raleigh father National News 'He's killing everybody' woman says as Utah man opens fire Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws @NCCapitol Cooper tells lawmakers to redraw voting maps @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/8 SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Political News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation National News 11-year-old saves drowning classmate Out and About North Hills to unearth time capsule Thursday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Local News Supporter: 'America, you should be ashamed' at attempt to deport Raleigh father National News 'He's killing everybody' woman says as Utah man opens fire Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws @NCCapitol Cooper tells lawmakers to redraw voting maps @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/8 WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Tech Amazon Walmart is testing its own AmazonFresh grocery pickup competitor New, 4 comments by Natt Garun@nattgarun Jun 6, 2017, 1:23pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Walmart Just a few weeks after Amazon opened its drive-up grocery pickup service in Seattle, it looks like Walmart is trialling its own version of the concept with a new automated kiosk at a store in Oklahoma City. The service, which doesn’t seem to have any special name as of yet, lets Walmart customers order their groceries online or through an app and select to pick up the order from a 24-hour kiosk. $30 purchase minimum Just like AmazonFresh’s concept in Seattle, Walmart’s system sends a customer’s order to a local store, where employees will package their items into ready-to-pickup bags. When a customer pulls up to the kiosk, he or she enters a five-digit pickup code and the machine will retrieve the grocery bags for them, similar to a vending machine. The self-pickup service is free, but there is a purchase minimum of $30. The automated kiosk — which at 20 x 80 feet, looks more like a standalone building — is being tested for consumer feedback before expanding more widely. Walmart says it’s been working on online grocery pickup since 2014 that’s similar to what AmazonFresh offers now in Seattle, and has expanded the service to more than 600 stores so it is hoping to quickly expand its automated system if all goes well. Besides, AmazonFresh currently services customers in major cities, including Los Angeles, Seattle, San Francisco, New York, Boston, Chicago, and Philadelphia, while Walmart has at least one location in every state. Given the market size, Amazon might need to do more than offer pickup without an order minimum or offer to bring your order to your car if it wants to fully compete. Next Up In Tech Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none The 6 best new features in iOS 11 It’s impossible for Google and Facebook to be politically neutral Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal What is Microsoft's mysterious new DirectReality? Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far YouTube’s gossip vloggers have created their own tabloid industry There are YouTube celebrities, so of course there are YouTube tabloids iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Well, this is a welcome change Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 4 comments / new Honda reveals its plans for autonomous vehicles by Sam Byford The 6 best new features in iOS 11 by Ashley Carman 3 comments / new It’s impossible for Google and Facebook to be politically neutral by Vlad Savov 4 comments / new Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone by Paul Miller Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal by James Vincent 5 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Has A Giant Grocery Vending Machine For Online Order Pickup Now Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Has A Giant Grocery Vending Machine For Online Order Pickup Now Image courtesy of Walmart June 6, 2017 1:10 pm EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler convenient groceries walmart groceries online orders picking up the groceries retail vending machines grocery vending machine Back in November, Walmart began testing a giant orange vending machine that allowed online customers to pick up their orders without having to wait in line or talk to other people. Now, the company is reportedly testing a similar system, but for online grocery orders.  Business Insider reports that Walmart is testing the new self-serve grocery pickup kiosk — which looks much like the in-store kiosks but more rectangular — at a store in Oklahoma. The system essentially combines the kiosk experience with the retailer’s already in-use grocery pickup service. However, unlike the current system — which involves employees placing bags of groceries in customers’ cars when they park in certain parking spaces or a designated pickup line — after a customer places and pays for their groceries online, they drive to the 20-foot-by-80-foot kiosk, enter a code, and retrieve their groceries in about a minute. In case you’re worried that the frozen pizza or milk you ordered might spoil, the kiosk comes equipped with both refrigerators and freezers. While there isn’t an additional cost to use the kiosk, customers must spend at lease $30 per order to use the service, Business Insider reports. It’s unclear how long the process takes from ordering online to picking up, or whether customers must place their orders before a certain time in the day to pickup at the kiosk. We’ve reached out to Walmart for more information. June 6, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler convenient groceries walmart groceries online orders picking up the groceries retail vending machines grocery vending machine Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related another pickup option Walmart Hopes To Win Over Millennials With This Giant Orange Vending Machine bopis Walmart Entices Shoppers To Try Online Grocery Pickup With Discounts not to be confused with sunnydale Someone Is Planning A Drive-Thru Grocery Store In Silicon Valley: Maybe Amazon and we're live Amazon Finally Opens Its Grocery Pickup Stores To Public delivery Target Wants To Get Into The Grocery Delivery Business Previous Popeyes Now Has Cookie-Crusted Chicken & It’s Getting Some Mixed Reviews Next Everyone Thinks Apple’s HomePod Looks Like Really Expensive Toilet Paper Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Everyone Thinks Apple’s HomePod Looks Like Really Expensive Toilet Paper Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Were you 'Seen' at Silsbee's ring ceremony? If he only had a brain: Tin Man actor charged with DWI SO: Task force on surveillance makes drug bust in separate case Joe’s Crab Shack Owner Files for Bankruptcy After Sales Drop US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Florida flooding forces outlet mall to close for 2nd day Suspected serial killer offered plea deal by prosecutors Stolen pickup found impaled on 30 feet of steel guardrail 'Serial' star, guilty of killing girlfriend, seeks new trial A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Singer Phil Collins cancels show after hotel room fall The Latest: Redemption for Urban, who takes home 4 CMTs Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history Review: In 'The Mummy,' Tom Cruise dances with the undead cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Fans line street as PN-G baseball team leaves for state semifinal PN-G vs. Frisco Wakeland: Class 5A state semifinal game PN-G's Boudoin provides steady assurance from behind the plate Ring ceremony to honor Silsbee's state champion boys basketball Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 6-8-17 'Toon Time 6-7-17 'Toon Time 6-5-17 'Toon Time 6-3-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/walmart-built-a-giant-online-pickup-tower-2016-10?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries Nathaniel Lee, provided by Published 2:37 pm, Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Photo: File/Walmart Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Walmart employees pack the grocery orders in bins and load them into the kiosk. Walmart employees pack the grocery orders in bins and load them into the kiosk. Photo: File/Walmart Image 2 of 3 Customers input a code into the kiosk, and their groceries appear in a minute or less. Customers input a code into the kiosk, and their groceries appear in a minute or less. Photo: File/Walmart Image 3 of 3 The building features multiple pickup doors. The building features multiple pickup doors. Photo: File/Walmart Walmart built a giant vending machine for groceries 1 / 3 Back to Gallery Walmart is trying to make it easier to pick up online grocery orders. The retailer is testing a giant self-service kiosk in the parking lot of a supercenter in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, where customers can pick up online grocery orders without interacting with employees. Customers purchase and pay for groceries online, then Walmart employees pick and pack their orders and store them in bins in the 20-foot-by-80-foot kiosk. The kiosk has refrigerators and freezers inside that keep the groceries fresh. When customers arrive to pick up their orders, they walk up to the kiosk and type in a code and their groceries appear within a minute. Join the conversation about this story » See Also: Walmart built a giant vending machine that retrieves groceries Amazon is going after Walmart with cheaper Prime rates for some shoppers Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's Top Stories 4-year-old 'dry drowns' nearly a week after swimming If he only had a brain: Tin Man actor charged with DWI Task force on surveillance makes drug bust in separate case Video: Husband of slain pregnant woman asks for help PDFs: Order issued for evidence in principal's death Video: Fans line street for PN-G team send-off Texas to ban texting while driving beginning Sept. 1 Smoldering Port Arthur silo ruptures, collapses Local News Were you 'Seen' at Silsbee's ring ceremony? Beaumont ISD names new athletic director Galveston commissioners OK $1.7M deal to acquire Rollover Pass If he only had a brain: Tin Man actor charged with DWI SO: Task force on surveillance makes drug bust in separate case Lamar cancels classes due to power outage Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBS This Morning Free shipping wars: Retailers ramp up battle for o... CBS Evening News Comey's testimony CBS Evening News Comey and Trump CBS Evening News Trump picks Christopher Wray CBS Evening News ISIS claims attacks in Tehran CBS Evening News Dickerson on Comey CBS Evening News Constand stands by her story CBS Evening News Calif. governor in China CBS Evening News Lemon aid CBS This Morning Sen. Mark Warner on Comey hearing CBS This Morning Fortune 500 revealed CBS This Morning Family behind "Dork Diaries" books CBS This Morning Kevin Spacey on "Clarence Darrow" CBS Evening News Leading cause of death CBS Evening News Comey's testimony CBS Evening News NSA contractor charged CBS Evening News Trump tweets CBS Evening News Leaked NSA document Trending Trump empire could see faster damage under climate decision Trending Why GOP assault on Consumer Bureau may succeed Trending "Taxi King" charged with not paying millions in taxes Trending Dodd-Frank battle may not help America's favorite banks Trending Violinist says United barred her from boarding with instrument Trending Insurer Anthem to leave Ohio, thinning the ACA marketplace Trending Museum of Failure displays the world's wackiest flops Trending Uber fires more than 20 amid sexual harassment probe Trending Amazon Prime for food-stamp families aims at Walmart Trending Here's when you don't want to be on the road Trending 7 of the deadliest cars on the road Trending Trump Organization to debut mid-priced 'American Idea' hotel By Aimee Picchi MoneyWatch June 6, 2017, 12:47 PM Amazon Prime discount for food-stamp families aims at Walmart Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Jun 6, 2017 3:47 PM EDT Amazon's Prime membership has thrived thanks to the fat wallets of America's upper-income households, but the service is now coming after Walmart's bread-and-butter: lower-income shoppers who often rely on food stamps and other government aid to make ends meet.  Amazon (AMZN) on Tuesday said people who receive government assistance such as food stamps can qualify for a discounted Prime membership of $5.99 per month, compared with the typical monthly fee of $10.99. Customers who can pay for a full year of membership up front are charged $99 annually.  The offer comes at a time when the rivalry between Amazon and Walmart (WMT) is growing fiercer. Walmart is taking a larger share of online sales and ramping up services that appeal to young families such as curbside delivery. Yet Amazon's Prime has made strong inroads with upper-middle class families, as one analyst has estimated at least 7 out of 10 households with more than $112,000 in annual incomes have the service. Walmart's core customer tends to be poorer, with about one out of four earning less than $25,000 per year.  "It certainly is an attempt to muscle in on a territory that has been very lucrative for Walmart," said Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail. "Amazon is conscious that Walmart is ramping up its efforts in ecommerce, and Amazon wants to respond to that in a defensive way." By offering a discount to food-stamp recipients, Amazon is reaching out to a customer base of 43 million people who receive the benefit, also known as SNAP, or the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. The federal program delivers $66.6 billion in annual grocery benefits to low-income shoppers. On a per person basis, the benefit averages only $125 per month, but gaining even a small share of that spending could help Amazon boost revenue and its bottom line.  "There are customers in the U.S. who get into temporary states of need," Amazon spokeswoman Julie Law said. "We hope they get so much value that they become lifelong customers." Play Video CBSN Walmart wants to give Amazon a run for its money Walmart has launched free 2-day shipping, a move to challenge rival retailer Amazon. CNET senior editor Jeff Bakalar joins CBSN with more. Amazon said customers will need to qualify with a valid EBT card, which are typically used to distribute funds from the food-stamp program and other assistance programs. EBT cards can't be used to pay for the Prime membership. The retailer said it will add other ways to qualify for the discount for government aid programs that don't use EBT cards.  The discounted membership will include the same benefits as full-cost Prime access, including Prime video, music, photo sharing and free two-day shipping, among other benefits.  Amazon is rolling out the discount while the U.S. Department of Agriculture tests a pilot program this summer that will allow seven online grocery stores to accept food stamps, including Amazon. The test will be modest, but it has the potential to shake up the $800 billion grocery industry, given its reliance on food-stamp spending. Amazon's Law said the discounted Prime service isn't related to the USDA test, however.  While targeting low-income Americans might not appear to be a lucrative strategy, it could prove to be a smart tactic. The economics of Prime can be "quite perverse," Saunders said. For instance, frequent Prime shoppers are less profitable for Amazon because of the higher costs of providing repeated free shipping. "If these lower income customers use them a little bit, it could make this a quite cost effective thing for Amazon to do," he said. "They'll get income from payments from Prime, and not too many items they then have to ship out. It could work out quite well." Aside from bolstering its top and bottom lines, Amazon may experience a halo effect: gaining goodwill from customers who may have hit hard times and are facing proposed cutbacks in benefits under President Donald Trump's 2018 budget. The Trump administration wants to cut $192 billion from the food-stamp program over the next decade. Amazon's Prime discount "is almost a form of welfare being run by a corporate organization," Saunders said. "It will help Amazon commercially and that's the driving force, but it's a wider play of Amazon positioning itself as a good corporate citizen."  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Major layoffs loom for AOL and Yahoo, report says Weekly jobless claims post a drop of 10,000 Trump empire could see faster damage under climate decision Here's when you don't want to be on the road Details are lacking in the Trump Infrastructure Plan Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 6 buildings full of millennial must-haves 7 paint colors that can boost the value of your home 9 jobs with the fastest wage growth From 1950-1990: 10 home design trends that endure Are you smarter financially than a 15-year-old? Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Amazon steps up Walmart battle with new Prime offer ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Amazon steps up Walmart battle with new Prime offer By Victoria Craig Published June 06, 2017 Ecommerce FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print Amazon (AMZN) on Tuesday escalated its ongoing price war with Walmart (WMT), offering a discounted Prime membership rate for low-income individuals.  Continue Reading Below Customers who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) card, commonly used by those enrolled in government-assistance programs like Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, can enroll in Amazon’s Prime service, which normally costs $10.99 a month or $99 per year, for $5.99 per month with an option to cancel at any time.  “We designed this membership option for customers receiving government assistance to make our everyday selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime,” Amazon’s vice president of Prime, Greg Greeley, said in a statement.  The move by the e-commerce behemoth takes aim at Walmart, which has long been known for its cavernous retail spaces and ultra-low prices. After acquiring Amazon rival Jet.com last year, Walmart doubled down on its efforts to compete with the nimble online retailer as it looks to gain even more market share on the World Wide Web. More from FOXBusiness.com How Apple may kill the smartphone in 10 years: Gene Munster Apple HomePod versus Amazon Echo, Google Home; Comparison break down Former Apple CEO John Sculley's message for Tim Cook To better compete against Amazon’s Prime service, Walmart in April launched a discount on about 10,000 items for customers who make purchases online but opt to pick them up in store after unveiling no-membership required free two-day shipping for two million items. That no-strings-attached shipping strategy is one CEO Doug McMillon, at the company’s annual shareholder meeting last week, said is a compelling value offer for Walmart customers. Taking a hit at his rival, McMillon argued that requiring customers to pay a membership fee annually is essentially asking them to pay for shipping costs up front. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT “It’s not really free shipping if you have to pay for it and I think customers are figuring that out…why would you pay for a membership? A lot of customers don’t have $100 to give away,” he said. As Amazon’s net sales grew 23% in the first quarter, Walmart’s comparable-store sales – a key metric used to measure retail performance – grew 1.4% while many other brands suffered with slowing in-store foot traffic. At the same time, the company’s e-commerce sales jumped more than 60%, though that figure compares to the same quarter last year, before its Jet.com buy.  To help reduce costs associated with increased demand for online orders, Walmart last week said it was testing out a program in which its employees could cover the so-called “last mile” of delivery on a volunteer basis. Ideally, the strategy would allow Walmart to speed up delivery times and keep prices low as it cut costs on the most expensive part of the delivery process. But McMillon exercised caution at the shareholder meeting, saying Walmart “may take our time on this,” stressing that delivery companies FedEx and UPS would likely still have a role in the company’s overall plan, and that the associate-delivery component is “just a piece of it.” What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Election 2017 Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Amazon to discount Prime for US families on welfare 6 June 2017 From the section Technology These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-40170655 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright AFP Image caption Paying for Amazon Prime gives customers access to the retailers' online video services Amazon is to offer discounts on its Prime subscription service to Americans receiving financial aid from the US government. Instead of a monthly fee of $10.99 (£8.50), those eligible for the discounted rate will pay $5.99. Anyone receiving welfare payments or food stamps will be able to use the service at the reduced rate. Prime gives users free delivery on some products and allows them access to Amazon's video streaming services. The move is widely seen as a way for Amazon to sharpen competition with rival Walmart, which currently has a significant chunk of its customers on government aid programmes. About 20% of Walmart's customers are believed to pay for groceries with food stamps. Walmart also has the second-largest share of online sales in the US, after Amazon. To qualify for the discounted rate, customers will need to present a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card. The EBT card gives poorer families access to the US government food stamp programme and the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families service. But customers would not be able to pay for the service with the funds loaded on their EBT card, said Amazon. News site CBS said the decision marked a change for Amazon, which had previously marketed the Prime service at households with high incomes. The fastest growing group of customers for Prime were homes earning more than $112,000 a year, it said. Related Topics Amazon Welfare Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Parents make video store for autistic son after Blockbuster in Texas shuts 26 April 2017 Amazon's newest bricks and mortar store opens in New York 25 May 2017 Walmart plans to cut 7,000 jobs 1 September 2016 Google, Amazon and Microsoft report rising profits 28 April 2017 Amazon adds live TV channels to Prime Video 23 May 2017 Top Stories Comey testifies on Trump and Russia The ex-FBI chief testifies to the Senate on alleged Russian interference in the 2016 US election. 8 June 2017 Video shows police shooting London attackers 8 June 2017 Election day: Latest updates 6 June 2017 Features Four days behind the Taliban front line The 81-year-old woman inspiring a nation to recycle Can you be taught to be more charismatic? Is refusing terrorists funerals a deterrent? Does British Airways' explanation stack up? The defeat the English like to forget Seven celebs you didn't know invented things Video Welcome to the Museum of Failure Is Kenya's new railway good value for money? News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru Parliaments World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Election 2017 Election 2017 Home Results Constituencies Reality Check Poll Tracker Manifesto Guide Cymru Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
GoSearch Replay: Eye Opener CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 74° 74° Low 68° High 87° Fri 71° 87° Sat 71° 90° Sun 72° 89° See complete forecast Severe weather alert 2 shot in Walmart parking lot in Midlothian Posted 9:54 am, June 6, 2017, by Jennifer Shrum, Updated at 09:59AM, June 6, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email MIDLOTHIAN – Two people were shot late Monday in a Walmart parking lot in Midlothian; one of the victims is also the suspected shooter. After several 911 calls came into emergency services just after 11 p.m. Monday night, Midlothian first responders arrived at the Walmart in the 400 block of Highway 67 and Business 287 in Midlothian and found one gunshot victim with a wound to the torso. The other victim, according to witnesses, was shot in the arm and taken by a friend to the emergency room at Baylor Scott & White Medical Center – Waxahachie. EMTs at Walmart called for a medical helicopter and took the remaining victim to Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas. Police at the scene determined the shooting suspect was the gunshot victim who went to the hospital in Waxahachie; officers went there and took a male into custody for questioning. The investigation is still underway as witness statements are taken and Walmart security video is reviewed by police. Identities of victims are not being released pending notification of family members. 32.485384 -97.005676 Related stories 1000 acres of action: DFW’s newest attraction opens in Midlothian One year, millions of views, and 1400 tips later, still no suspects in Missy Bevers’ murder Man stabs Walmart greeter in Corsicana Filed in: NewsFix Topics: Crime Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Download the CW33 News App! Get your fix! Download the CW33 NewsFix App for iOS and Android! Popular Colony Casanova Caught: Alleged online conman arrested in North Texas 1000 acres of action: DFW’s newest attraction opens in Midlothian 16-year-old stabs Uber driver to death with a machete Video shows dramatic car chase in University Park as construction workers go after thief Latest News DFW dogs from overflowing shelters to be flown to Seattle for adoption Good To Go: New Dallas brew aims to help veteran entrepreneurs Fitt 33: 4 minute summer arms Vladimir Putin: ‘I am not a woman, so I don’t have bad days’ National/World News 15 people shot, 1 killed at packed Cincinnati nightclub NewsFix A Chicago judge shot and killed after possible botched robbery National/World News ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete NewsFix 2 killed in Fort Worth, home invasion suspected Eye Opener Suspect in fatal mall shooting in Fort Worth takes his life during police chase Eye Opener Man stabs Walmart greeter in Corsicana NewsFix Man shot in leg after suspects asks for gas NewsFix Frisco homeowner with ‘No Soliciting’ sign shoots salesman, police say National/World News NewsFix ‘Beat me like an animal’ Muslim woman says attacker ripped off her hijab, cut her with knife NewsFix One year, millions of views, and 1400 tips later, still no suspects in Missy Bevers’ murder National/World News 6 dead in Orlando workplace shooting NewsFix Man dies after being shot near school in Pleasant Grove Instagram NewsFix North Lake College students return to campus, remember victim of shooting Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Home Weather 72° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Insurers challenge Walmart's settlement with Tracy Morgan CBS NEWS , KHOU 9:10 AM. CDT June 06, 2017 Tracy Morgan attends the FX Networks Upfront premiere screening of "Fargo" at the SVA Theater in New York on April 9, 2014. (Photo: Greg Allen, Invision/AP) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST (CBS NEWS) -- Two companies that insure Walmart are suing the retail giant, challenging its multi-million-dollar payout to actor Tracy Morgan. The comedian was seriously injured in 2014 when a truck owned by Walmart slammed into Morgan's limousine van. Now Walmart's insurers, Ohio Casualty and Liberty Insurance Underwriters, are claiming Morgan exaggerated his injuries to get the payout. They want Morgan to sit for a seven-hour deposition, but the comedian is refusing. "He was a victim once. We're not going to allow him to be a victim again. And you have to understand that much of his injuries were emotional and psychological. He almost died," said Benedict Morelli, Morgan's attorney, only on "CBS This Morning." Morelli said there is nothing relevant Morgan could say to help the insurers' case.  MORE: Read the full story at CBSNEWS.com © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Houston dad, pizza shop owner makes emotional public plea Grand jury could hear beating case this week More than 150 marijuana plants seized from vacant home HPD: Woman admits to drugging underage girl to have sex with boyfriend Family warns of "dry drowning" after son dies days after swimming Family praying for charges in Denny's beating VERIFY: Can fidget spinners kill your kids? Army serviceman upset over pricey toll bill Raw: Attorney releases witness video in connection with fatal beating Local bar to open early, host watch party for Comey testimony Thursday More Stories James Comey testimony: Fired FBI director to brief… Jun. 8, 2017, 3:34 a.m. Motorcyclist dies after hitting curb, crashing on E.… Jun. 8, 2017, 4:42 a.m. HPD arrests 2, searching another suspect after chase… Jun. 8, 2017, 5:09 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Skip to main content Home Topics Associations Awards/Promotions Business Technology Earnings Economic Trends Logistics Mergers and Acquisitions Operations Project Management Purchasing Sales Management Software Supply Chain Workforce Development Big 50 Watch Manufacturing Minute Quick Hits Search Social Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Guides Companies Products Learn Digital Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM IMPO MBT PP Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Walmart Hopes Store Employees Can Enable Faster Delivery 1 day 23 hours ago Comments by Andy Szal Logistics Walmart hopes the employees at its stores can also help bolster the retail giant's e-commerce capabilities. The retail giant's U.S. e-commerce chief, Marc Lore, wrote on the company's website that it began testing a delivery program for associates at two stores in New Jersey and another in Arkansas. The pilot program allows Walmart employees to sign up to deliver online orders to customers' homes on their own drives home from work. Lore wrote that the trials enable the company to take greater advantage of delivery trucks that are already shipping goods between warehouses and Walmart locations for in-store customer pickup. The program could both cut shipping costs and get orders to customers more quickly. Lore wrote that during the pilot tests, many orders are delivered the following day. He also wrote that workers responded positively to the initial tests. The program is voluntary but allows workers to earn extra income without straying too far off their normal commutes. Lore wrote that some employees reported finding faster routes home "thanks to the GPS built into our proprietary app." "Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Lore wrote. "It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer." Relevant Product DynAX DynAX is a free mobile Dynamics AX CRM app for the iPhone and iPod Touch which completely covers the CRM features from Dynamics AX 2012 R2. It provides field sales and service professionals with secur... Related Reads Wal-Mart Launches Incubator Lab To House Startups Walmart To Deploy Warehouse Drones By Early Next Year Target Locked In Game Of Shipping Tag With Wal-Mart, Amazon HARDI Distributors March Sales Up Nearly 10% Over February Andy Szal Digital Reporter @SzalABM Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Industrial Distribution Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Associations Awards/Promotions Big 50 Business Technology Earnings Economic Trends Logistics Mergers and Acquisitions Operations Project Management Purchasing Sales Management Software Supply Chain Workforce Development © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SAM'S CLUB Walmart is famous for wrecking small towns. Here’s the amazing one it built Written by Oliver Staley June 06, 2017 Not Anytown, U.S.A. (Quartz/Oliver Staley) Share Written by Oliver Staley June 06, 2017 Bentonville, Arkansas, is unlike any other small town in America. Downtown bustles with yoga studios, boutiques, and a children’s theater company. Nearby is a brand new, $1-billion art museum, nestled in a wooded ravine. On the road out of town rises an office tower advertising Tata Consultancy Services. On the outskirts, amid the cow pastures, are vast subdivisions of McMansions. And at center of Bentonville is the world’s largest company, Walmart. Sam Walton opened Walton’s Five-and-Dime on the town square in 1950, and his first Wal-Mart store in neighboring Rogers a dozen years later. As his company expanded, so did its presence in Bentonville. Walmart now has about 18,000 employees at its home office, including thousands of coders and programmers in a sprawling technology center the size of a regional airport. Another 7,000 or so employees work for the Walmart vendors who opened offices in northwest Arkansas. While Walmart doesn’t require its vendors to have a local presence, the retailer is notoriously tough on its suppliers, and it makes sense for them to have staff on hand. As a result, the office parks of Benton County are stuffed with more than 1,450 companies, from PepsiCo to Proctor & Gamble, catering to Walmart’s needs. Walmart—along with Tyson Foods and J.B. Hunt Transport, headquartered nearby—is fueling a population boom in northwest Arkansas. Benton County grew 70%, to more than a quarter-million people, from 2000 to 2016, and pay soared as well. The average income for private sector workers climbed 95.3%— to approximately $68,000—over 25 years ending in 2015, putting it among the counties with the fastest rising incomes in the US. Most of Walmart’s 1.5 million US employees don’t earn anything close to that, of course, and its stores are famous for their deleterious impact on small towns. One study shows the opening of a big-box retailer results in as many as 14 local stores closing, while another argues towns in Iowa lost 47% of their retail sales after a decade of a Wal-Mart opening. The harm to small towns was multiplied when Walmart closed 154 stores, leaving some towns without any options for groceries. (Other studies suggest that the biggest victims of Walmart aren’t mom-and-pop stores but less successful retailers like Sears and Kmart, and that town residents benefit from lower prices and increased sales-tax revenue.) Downtown Bentonville is surrounded by Wal-Marts: There are 18 within 10 miles, and they’re sparkling clean and well stocked, as if awaiting a surprise inspection from the top brass. But there’s no sign of the decay that afflicts other small towns, thanks to the buying power of 42,000 households in the region earning more than $100,000 annually. While the strip malls on the freeway are lined with chain restaurants, the downtown square is home to quirky small businesses. Table Mesa, a bistro serving Latin cuisine, is next to Rollie Pollie, a charming children’s store with wooden toys and organic cotton T-shirts that feels like the anti-Walmart. The Rollie Pollie boutique in downtown Bentonville feels like the anti-Walmart. (Quartz/Oliver Staley) Nearby, via an “art trail” through the woods, is the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art, a stunning (and controversial) creation of Alice Walton, the daughter of Sam Walton, who is worth almost $40 billion. The museum, with its five-star collection of art, is free to all visitors. Beyond the museum, a network of mountain bike trails spiral off for miles into the Ozark mountains. During Shareholder’s Week—Walmart’s annual meeting-slash-corporate pep rally—Walmart employees from around the world descended on Bentonville from May 31-June 2, and the contradictions of a global super-company based in a small southern US town were made apparent. Workers from Africa poured out of buses to tour the Walmart Museum and performed a moving a cappella version of “The Lion Sleeps Tonight,” all under the watchful eye of a statue honoring Confederate soldiers, rising high from the center of the town square. Most Popular The days and nights of Elon Musk: How he spends his time at work and play Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Thursday, Jun. 8, 2017 About Advertise Sponsors View Sponsors Weekly Deals Contact Home News & Views City Council Recaps Brewery News Restaurant News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Movie Reviews Giveaways Sports Sections All News Restaurant News Beer News Arts, Events & Life Columns & Features Sports Calendar Public Meetings Movie Listings Fiesta Square Razorback Cinema Weekly Deals Review: Mary J. Blige visit showcases current minimalistic, honest approach By Kevin Kinder ·   June 6, 2017  Photo courtesy of Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion / Via Facebook Can a tough woman also be vulnerable?  Can a super sassy woman also be very sensitive? Also, can someone putting on a show be simultaneously honest? Mary J. Blige‘s answer, which she delivered onstage Saturday night at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, was ‘yes’ to all of the above. Next at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion Who: ZZ Top’s “The Tonnage Tour” with opener Austin Hanks When: 7:30 p.m. June 9 Where: Arkansas Music Pavilion, Rogers Cost: Starting at $36 plus fees Tickets: 479-443-5600 or visit arkansasmusicpavilion.com for information. Blige and her backing band put on a many-layered show for a smaller-than-normal-sized crowd on a beautiful Saturday night. It was a strange event for several reasons. Blige really isn’t on tour right now, and the AMP appearance doesn’t even show up on her website (it really doesn’t!) But she performed on Friday morning at the Walmart Shareholders’ meeting in Fayetteville, putting on what amounts to a condensed private concert for the 14,000 or so Walmart employees gathered from around the world for a hyperactive business meeting. Blige thanked Walmart by name late in the proceedings. There was a distinct feeling that without the Friday morning gig, there would not have been a Saturday evening one. She also thanked the crowd, repeatedly. You don’t always get the impression that the “thanks” at concerts are sincere and they are more of a perfunctory response at the end of each song. But Blige definitely sounded like she meant it – and she needed it, too. The concert was – to keep adding dichotomies – both somber and inspiring. The hip hop/soul/gospel artist’s most recent album, 2017’s “Strength of a Woman,” deals with her recent divorce head on. Many times she would preface her tracks by taking about the difficult things she was going through. “Life is so hard. But it’s so beautiful at the same time,” she told the crowd before jumping into “No More Drama,” a song she wrote even before she married (and later divorced) her longtime manager. During the middle of the song, as she danced in the center of the stage under the bright spotlight, she uncorked a guttural, wild-eyed scream that showed she was channeling some of that drama from the past. That scream was the most vivid and memorable representation of Blige’s style. But her songs followed in that pattern for much of the night. She was at her best when allowing her three backing vocalists to carry the melody, allowing her to riff over the top the way a rhythm guitar and lead guitarist might interact. When she danced during the songs, she was even better, although she mostly just pranced at the front of the stage. The stage, meanwhile, was pretty bare bones. Blige had her backing band, which included a keyboard player, guitarist, bassist, drummer and the three backing vocalists. The stage featured several light columns and a divide in the middle for Blige to enter an exit through. As recently as last fall, if Youtube videos can be trusted, she was touring with a coordinated series of videos to accompany her songs, but there was no such aesthetic here. I’m uncertain if that’s because we caught her between tours or if she’s retired that from her performances to rely on her voice. It should also be noted that there were no opening acts. Blige and company went on stage at 7:50, played 22 songs and were done by 9:20. There was no encore. It was perhaps the earliest I’d been back to my home in Fayetteville after an AMP show since the venue moved to Rogers. So while it was underwhelming in some ways, it delivered in many others. Like Blige told the crowd in a moment of honesty, her life is “really, really real.” Which means complicated and diverse, trying and fun.   Discussion Fayetteville Flyer has specific guidelines for commenting. To avoid having your comment deleted -- or your commenting privileges revoked -- read our Comment Policy before you comment. Violators will be banned from commenting. Report a comment that violates the guidelines to contact@fayettevilleflyer.com. Commenters on the Flyer are responsible for all legal consequences arising from their comments, including libel, infringement of copyright or actions that threaten a third party. By submitting a comment, you agree to indemnify Wonderstate Media LLC, its partners and employees from any legal action arising from your comments. @fayflyer     » See all sponsor deals & specials Advertisements Get Email News Updates Receive an email with headlines for all the day’s stories on the Flyer. » Click to sign up Advertisements     LOCAL INFO   Deals & More Fire/Police Dispatch Logs Detention Intake Report   » See all ADVERTISEMENTS Flyer Sponsors » See all sponsors Sponsor Tweets Tweets from @fayflyer/flyer-sponsors Become a sponsor The Flyer focuses on free news that's specific to Fayetteville. Because of that, our readers are local, and they're loyal to the businesses that support their daily source of information. Let us help your company deliver its message to our ever-growing audience. To talk about becoming a sponsor, call 479-387-1002 or email us. About Legal Advertise Sponsors Contact © 2007-2017 Wonderstate Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS This Morning Today's Rundown Politics & Power Features Pop Culture CTM Saturday More Morning Rounds Bookmark Note to Self Green Room Podcast CTM Cartoons CTM Connect Eye on Money Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBS This Morning Tracy Morgan's lawyer on insurers challenging Walm... CBS Evening News Comey's testimony CBS Evening News Comey and Trump CBS Evening News Trump picks Christopher Wray CBS Evening News ISIS claims attacks in Tehran CBS Evening News Dickerson on Comey CBS Evening News Constand stands by her story CBS Evening News Calif. governor in China CBS Evening News Lemon aid CBS This Morning Sen. Mark Warner on Comey hearing CBS This Morning Fortune 500 revealed CBS This Morning Family behind "Dork Diaries" books CBS This Morning Kevin Spacey on "Clarence Darrow" CBS Evening News Leading cause of death CBS Evening News Comey's testimony CBS Evening News NSA contractor charged CBS Evening News Trump tweets CBS Evening News Leaked NSA document CBS This Morning Famous congressional hearings that gripped the nation CBS This Morning Schiff: Comey's testimony on Trump "certainly evidence" of obstruction CBS This Morning Youth football testing new version of sport CBS This Morning Could NASA and SpaceX cooperation turn into competition? CBS This Morning Hit musical "Come From Away" finds the light in tragedy CBS This Morning Chris Christie: Bridgegate "one of the most abjectly stupid things I"ve ever seen" CBS This Morning The "Dork Diaries" series is a family affair CBS This Morning Actor Kevin Spacey holds court in "Clarence Darrow" CBS This Morning Warner calls Trump's FBI nomination a "distraction" from Senate probes CBS This Morning Fortune reveals America's top 500 companies CBS This Morning CTM Spotify Playlist: June 7, 2017 CBS This Morning Accused NSA leaker "scared that they would make her disappear," mom says CBS News June 6, 2017, 8:17 AM Insurers challenge Walmart's settlement with Tracy Morgan Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Two companies that insure Walmart are suing the retail giant, challenging its multi-million-dollar payout to actor Tracy Morgan. The comedian was seriously injured in 2014 when a truck owned by Walmart slammed into Morgan's limousine van. Now Walmart's insurers, Ohio Casualty and Liberty Insurance Underwriters, are claiming Morgan exaggerated his injuries to get the payout. Tracy Morgan's doctor says recovery is a "miracle" They want Morgan to sit for a seven-hour deposition, but the comedian is refusing. Play Video CBS This Morning Walmart CEO on Tracy Morgan car accident, defends company's truck drivers After a Walmart truck rammed into Tracy Morgan's limousine bus in June, Morgan and two others were critically injured and comedian James McNair d... "He was a victim once. We're not going to allow him to be a victim again. And you have to understand that much of his injuries were emotional and psychological. He almost died," said Benedict Morelli, Morgan's attorney, only on "CBS This Morning." Morelli said there is nothing relevant Morgan could say to help the insurers' case. "The insurance companies in this case have been taking the premiums from Walmart for years and years and years. They know how to take the premiums. They just don't know how to pay out the money," Morelli said. "Because Walmart paid my clients directly, and now they're trying to get reimbursed from their insurers, they don't want to pay." Play Video CBSN Comedian Tracy Morgan reaches settlement with Wal-Mart after car crash Actor and comedian Tracy Morgan has reached a settlement with Wal-Mart after a multiple-vehicle accident with one of its truck drivers. CBSN's Je... A Walmart representative told CBS News that Walmart has "no position around the insurance company's dispute with Mr. Morgan" and "Walmart was committed to doing what was right to help ensure the well-being of all those who were impacted by the accident, and we reached an amicable settlement with Mr. Morgan and the others." Ohio Casualty insurance company and Liberty International Underwriters told CBS News they do not publicly comment on matters in litigation. But in court documents, they write the depositions are "relevant and necessary" because Walmart relied on claims from Morgan and another passenger as the main reason for why the settlement was reasonable. Morgan is now back on stage, using the memory of his devastating 2014 car crash as material for his newly-released Netflix comedy special, "Staying Alive." "Could have been worse. I could have got hit by a Bob's Discount Furniture truck. You know they ain't got no f***ing money," Morgan jokes. 14 Photos Tracy Morgan A look at the former "SNL" funnyman and 30 Rock" star It's been three years since a Walmart truck slammed into the back of Morgan's limo van on the New Jersey turnpike. His friend, comedian James McNair, was killed and two others were seriously injured. Morgan suffered a broken leg, broken ribs and what his lawyer describes as a "traumatic brain injury." One year after the crash, he talked about the long road to recovery.   "There are times where I have my good days and my bad days where I forget things. There are times where I have the headaches," Morgan told NBC News in June 2015.   The truck driver in the accident, Kevin Roper, later pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide. Walmart took full responsibility for the crash and awarded Morgan and one of the other passengers a settlement that has been reported to be as high as $90 million. "It's not even close to the number," said Morelli, who negotiated the settlement with Walmart. Morelli said that he can't confirm whether it's higher or lower than $90 million. Reportedly on June 19, a judge will decide whether Morgan must testify. "I will do every single thing in my power to block that. And I'm pretty good at it," Morelli said. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email More CBS This Morning Behind Domino's Pizza's recipe for success In the last seven years, the company has outperformed Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google, with its stock going from $9 a share to over $180 today Saturday Sessions: The Marcus King Band performs "Rita is Gone" Born in South Carolina, Marcus King was brought up on the blues, performing with his bluesman father, Marvin. Last year the band released their critically acclaimed second album produced by Warren Haynes of The Allman Brothers Popular Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Instagram Newsletters Popular on CBS News 01 Official reveals what Paris suspect said during attack 90322 views 02 Military plane with over 100 on board goes missing 62399 views 03 U.S. threatens to bolt from U.N. Human Rights Council 42516 views 04 When should babies start sleeping in their own room? 42019 views 05 Top intel officials skirt questions about Trump conversations 40264 views Watch CBSN Live Watch CBS News anytime, anywhere with the new 24/7 digital news network. Stream CBSN live or on demand for FREE on your TV, computer, tablet, or smartphone. Watch Now 20 Photos Finding light in tragedy: Pulitzer Prize-winner Carol Guzy 68 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 26 Photos Sketching out "CBS This Morning" 24 Photos National Museum of African American History and Culture 18 Photos Athletes protesting racial injustice Previous Next The Newsroom Tweets from @CBSThisMorning/newsroom CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 21,187 +13.62 +0.06% Nasdaq 6,295 -2.09 -0.03% S&P 500 2,434 +0.97 +0.04% 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:34 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment 9:10 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock rockets as company explores 'going private' deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Amazon cuts Prime fee for low-income shoppers, as it takes on Wal-Mart By Laura Stevens and Sarah Nassauer Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 a.m. ET Share Online retailer will cut Prime membership prices for three groups of people receiving government assistance Getty Images Amazon is cutting the price of its Prime membership for low-income shoppers. By LauraStevens SarahNassauer Amazon.com Inc. is dropping its membership price for low-income shoppers, going after a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. stronghold. The online retailer giant said Tuesday that it will offer a nearly 20% segment of the U.S. population—people who obtain government assistance with cards typically used for food stamps—a $5.99 monthly Prime membership, less than the $10.99 a month or $99 annual plan for other consumers. The membership buys access to unlimited two-day shipping, video and music content, photo storage and other perks. Read: Is all the talk of the death of the mall overdone? The new Prime offering takes direct aim at Wal-Mart WMT, +0.75%  , which counts on shoppers who receive government assistance for a large percentage of sales. Wal-Mart generated about $13 billion in sales last year from shoppers using the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, accounting for around 18% of the money spent through the program nationwide. Those customers also spend additional income while in Wal-Mart stores. Amazon  AMZN, +0.00%  will require cards typically used for food stamps as an initial measure to determine participant eligibility, although they can’t yet be widely used for shopping online. The retailer plans to add additional ways to qualify. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ: Harvard rescinds admission offer to students over offensive messages A hardware update for the human brain More from MarketWatch More Coverage Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival This is how many drinks a week is bad for your brain Quote References WMT +0.59 +0.75% AMZN -0.03 +0.00% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.74 +0.59 (+0.75%) Volume 204.6K Open $79.54 High $80.13 Low $79.53 P/E Ratio 17.95 Div Yield 2.58 Market Cap 238.6B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,010.04 -0.03 (+0.00%) Volume 204.9K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.07 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B
Latest News Dow 21,181 +7.13 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,295 -2.75 -0.04% S&P 500 2,433 +0.24 +0.01% 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:34 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment 9:10 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock rockets as company explores 'going private' deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Amazon cuts Prime fee for low-income shoppers, as it takes on Wal-Mart By Laura Stevens and Sarah Nassauer Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 a.m. ET Share Online retailer will cut Prime membership prices for three groups of people receiving government assistance Getty Images Amazon is cutting the price of its Prime membership for low-income shoppers. By LauraStevens SarahNassauer Amazon.com Inc. is dropping its membership price for low-income shoppers, going after a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. stronghold. The online retailer giant said Tuesday that it will offer a nearly 20% segment of the U.S. population—people who obtain government assistance with cards typically used for food stamps—a $5.99 monthly Prime membership, less than the $10.99 a month or $99 annual plan for other consumers. The membership buys access to unlimited two-day shipping, video and music content, photo storage and other perks. Read: Is all the talk of the death of the mall overdone? The new Prime offering takes direct aim at Wal-Mart WMT, +0.75%  , which counts on shoppers who receive government assistance for a large percentage of sales. Wal-Mart generated about $13 billion in sales last year from shoppers using the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, accounting for around 18% of the money spent through the program nationwide. Those customers also spend additional income while in Wal-Mart stores. Amazon  AMZN, +0.00%  will require cards typically used for food stamps as an initial measure to determine participant eligibility, although they can’t yet be widely used for shopping online. The retailer plans to add additional ways to qualify. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ: Harvard rescinds admission offer to students over offensive messages A hardware update for the human brain More from MarketWatch More Coverage Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival AMD’s stock extends surge, fueled by ‘tremendous’ graphics cards demand Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Quote References WMT +0.59 +0.75% AMZN -0.03 +0.00% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.74 +0.59 (+0.75%) Volume 204.6K Open $79.54 High $80.13 Low $79.53 P/E Ratio 17.95 Div Yield 2.58 Market Cap 238.6B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,010.04 -0.03 (+0.00%) Volume 204.9K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.07 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B
Latest News Dow 21,181 +7.13 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,295 -2.75 -0.04% S&P 500 2,433 +0.24 +0.01% 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:34 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment 9:10 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock rockets as company explores 'going private' deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Amazon cuts Prime fee for low-income shoppers, as it takes on Wal-Mart By Laura Stevens and Sarah Nassauer Published: June 6, 2017 4:24 a.m. ET Share Online retailer will cut Prime membership prices for three groups of people receiving government assistance Getty Images Amazon is cutting the price of its Prime membership for low-income shoppers. By LauraStevens SarahNassauer Amazon.com Inc. is dropping its membership price for low-income shoppers, going after a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. stronghold. The online retailer giant said Tuesday that it will offer a nearly 20% segment of the U.S. population—people who obtain government assistance with cards typically used for food stamps—a $5.99 monthly Prime membership, less than the $10.99 a month or $99 annual plan for other consumers. The membership buys access to unlimited two-day shipping, video and music content, photo storage and other perks. Read: Is all the talk of the death of the mall overdone? The new Prime offering takes direct aim at Wal-Mart WMT, +0.75%  , which counts on shoppers who receive government assistance for a large percentage of sales. Wal-Mart generated about $13 billion in sales last year from shoppers using the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, accounting for around 18% of the money spent through the program nationwide. Those customers also spend additional income while in Wal-Mart stores. Amazon  AMZN, +0.00%  will require cards typically used for food stamps as an initial measure to determine participant eligibility, although they can’t yet be widely used for shopping online. The retailer plans to add additional ways to qualify. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ: Harvard rescinds admission offer to students over offensive messages A hardware update for the human brain More from MarketWatch More Coverage Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Quote References WMT +0.59 +0.75% AMZN -0.03 +0.00% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.74 +0.59 (+0.75%) Volume 204.6K Open $79.54 High $80.13 Low $79.53 P/E Ratio 17.95 Div Yield 2.58 Market Cap 238.6B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,010.04 -0.03 (+0.00%) Volume 204.9K Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.07 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Family finds clay-like material inside Apple Watch box Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=2067553" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Family looking for answers after clay found in Apple Watch box, Steven Romo reports. KTRK Monday, June 05, 2017 10:29PM PASADENA, Texas (KTRK) -- Instead of a new Apple Watch, a local family said they found globs of a clay-like material pressed into the sealed box. The product was sold at a nearby Walmart store and managers there said they won't take it back or give a refund. Instead, they suggested the family contact the manufacturer. Sergio Gonzalez said he's the one who opened the Apple Watch box Sunday night. He was helping his little sister set it up when they found an unexpected toy surprise. "So I'm like, 'Whoa, what the heck?' I pull it out, and it's PlayDoh," he said. They showed ABC13 several clumps of brightly colored, plastic-wrapped clay. Their mother tried returning the box to the Walmart on Shaver Street where she bought it, but ran into a problem. "They're saying they don't want to give her the money back," Gonzalez said. Walmart said in a written statement, "It's unfortunate our customer had a negative experience. We've examined surveillance video to make sure proper security measures were followed and must refer the customer to the product manufacturer." The family said they believe Walmart sold it, so Walmart should make it right. "They're saying contact Apple. It's their problem. We bought it from Walmart," Gonzalez said. ABC13 reached out to Apple, but the company has not yet commented on the problem. The family is hoping Apple will make it right. In the meantime, they have some advice for the store. "I hope they go do inventory on all their products and make sure everything's in there," Gonzalez said. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newsappleapple watchwalmartPasadena Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Houston bars opening early for Comey testimony watch parties Looking back at 7 of history's most notable Congressional hearings and testimonies Live updates: Former FBI Director Comey testifies on Capitol Hill Comey to testify before Senate panel in 1st public remarks since firing Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway More News Top Stories Houston bars opening early for Comey testimony watch parties James Comey timeline: From Clinton email scandal to Russia 8 things to do with your best friend in Houston Celebrate World Oceans Day by protecting coral reefs Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway Police: Thieves wanted in Home Depot crime spree Happy Birthday, Barbara Bush: A treasured love story Show More Cheetos comes out with new flamin' hot flavor Dozens of employers come together for veteran job fair Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Child strangulation risk prompts safety gate recall Stolen backhoe used in attempted ATM burglary More News Top Video Cheetos comes out with new flamin' hot flavor Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway Stolen backhoe used in attempted ATM burglary More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 6 June 2017 | MYT 8:30 AM Blockchain seen as tool in food safety Customers serving themselves from the salad bar at a Whole Foods Market Inc location in New York. Blockchain is being used to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. — Bloomberg NEW YORK: The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table.  Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and meats in China.  Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods.   ”I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system,” said Wal-Mart food safety vice-president Frank Yiannas.  The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time.   Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform.  The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say.  ”The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information,” said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC.   Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales.  The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said.  He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system.  But blockchain “reduces tracing from days to seconds,” Yiannas said. “The more accurately you can track food, the better.”   Demand for transparency  The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients.  That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices.   British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught.  The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewellery business to fight the sale of so-called “conflict diamonds,” which come from war-torn regions.  ”Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond’s journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally,” said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewellery stores.  But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said.   Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands.  But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. — AFP Related Stories You May Be Interested Opulent Paris Opera House on the hunt for startups and ‘geeks’ Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data Japan Display considers deeper restructuring to catch up in OLED: source EU seeks to expedite police requests for data from tech firms 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read Double win for AirAsia at World Travel Awards West underestimates China's new Silk Road, German envoy says Varsity community reaches out to the needy advertisement Latest News Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Most Viewed in Tech Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with borderless display could land by September Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Ikea to try selling through third party websites Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data Is Facebook CEO Zuckerberg making a run for the White House? Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home Weather 79° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Valley Arizona Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action Money Sunday Square Off More Local Close Police: Phoenix man took video of men and boys inside Walmart bathroom Gordon Nobriga was arrested after Border Patrol searched his phone and found pictures and recordings of voyeurism. 12 News , KPNX 10:12 PM. MST June 06, 2017 Gordon Nobriga. (Photo: MCSO) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST PHOENIX - Police arrested a man last month who spent "hours on end" in a Phoenix Walmart bathroom videotaping men and boys inside a stall, according to police documents. Gordon Harold Nobriga, 50, was stopped Dec. 30 of last year at the border in El Paso, where Customs and Border Protection agents seized his phone. They found it was connected to a Google Photos account with "numerous" videos of men and boys using a public restroom, Phoenix PD documents show. CBP contacted Homeland Security authorities in Phoenix after discovering he lived here. He was not arrested at that time. Agents were able to identify the specific Walmart store used to film the video and found surveillance video of Nobriga going into the restroom, spending hours on end there. They have not released the location of the store to the public. Two victims in the videos have been identified and interviewed, according to police, including a 14-year-old boy. Nobriga, who is a flight attendant for American Airlines, was arrested as he exited a flight at Sky Harbor May 25. He currently faces two counts of voyeurism, but could face more as the investigation continues. Nobriga said he did take the video but denied to police that he distributed it. He has since been released from custody. American Airlines released the following statement after Nobriga's arrest: “We take this matter very seriously, and have been cooperating with law enforcement throughout their investigation. Since this case is a pending criminal matter, we must refer all questions to Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Phoenix.” © 2017 KPNX-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Sky 12 over Bud Light spilled on Valley highway Police, FBI investigate Surprise homicide Family warns of "dry drowning" after son dies days after swimming Baby found in shopping cart outside food city The victims, technology to wrong-way drivers in Arizona Toddler served alcohol instead of apple juice at local restaurant 72-hour sale: Southwest fares fall below $100 round-trip Deadly wrong-way crash on SR 51 'Miracle Baby' born without nose dies A look at Gilbert's mega mansion More Stories Valley residents oddly eager to help clean up after… Jun. 7, 2017, 11:21 a.m. Your voice: Will you watch James Comey's testimony? Dec 30, 2016, 3:20 p.m. Family warns of 'dry drowning' after son dies days… Jun. 7, 2017, 8:31 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Heat Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Water Safety Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert Eclipse About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 80° Full Menu Alert 80° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-edition Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Crime Local Databases Education Lakewood Ranch Herald Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Submit a News Tip Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Breaking News Blog I Am Woman Hear Me Write Sports All Sports Rays Spring Training Bucs High Schools FSU UF USF Outdoors Tennis Blogs & Columnists David Wilson Alan Dell Jason Dill Politics Politics Elections Business All Business Real Estate News Retail Small Business Port Manatee Living All Living Food & Drink Health Pets Religion Blogs & Columnists Cooking With Local Chefs Gulf Coast Cooking Cravings by Janelle O'Dea Entertainment All Entertainment Arts & Culture Fairs & Festivals Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Restaurants Local Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Marty Clear Opinion All Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us A large swath of land in Parrish has sat ready for construction for more than a year, but officials say permitting is almost complete and a new Walmart supercenter could begin construction soon. Mark Young myoung@bradenton.com A large swath of land in Parrish has sat ready for construction for more than a year, but officials say permitting is almost complete and a new Walmart supercenter could begin construction soon. Mark Young myoung@bradenton.com Business June 05, 2017 3:10 PM Parrish Walmart construction to begin soon after permit delays By Mark Young myoung@bradenton.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Parrish It was April 2016 when Benderson Development filed construction permits for a Walmart Supercenter that would anchor a long-planned Creekside Commons plaza in Parrish. Other than some preliminary site work on 50 acres at the intersection of Erie Road and U.S. 301, there has been no activity at the site, leaving residents wondering what happened and the rumor mill churning fast.   But officials say all is well and the 285,000-square-foot retail plaza is close to clearing its final hurdle for construction to begin. Neither Benderson nor Walmart officials returned calls for comment, but Manatee County Building and Services Director John Barnot said Walmart would not close on the property until all of the permits had been received, and one more is pending. “There is one more permit they need and that’s from (Florida Department of Transportation), which stands to reason because all of the entrances into that area are off 301, which would be issued by FDOT,” Barnot said. “They expect to have that in hand in the next few days, and I’m told that it’s full speed ahead from there.” Barnot said it makes sense that no further work has been done until all of the permits are in hand because, “The next step would be all of the infrastructure work and that’s very costly.” The project was first approved in 2008, but the Great Recession halted construction and the plans were modified in 2014 with Benderson signaling the projects readiness by filing construction permits last year. Walmart will occupy the lion’s share of the acreage with a planned 182,000-square-foot supercenter at an estimated construction cost of $10.25 million, with the entire project expecting to cost a little more than $16 million. Benderson’s site plan includes a 52,813-square-foot strip center attached to Walmart among other retail sites fronting U.S. 301. Benderson has owned the property since 2004, having purchased it for $2.12 million at the time. Mark Young: 941-745-7041, @urbanmark2014 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 days ago Manatee Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Jacki Dezelski on what's next for the chamber 1:30 8 days ago Manatee Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Jacki Dezelski on what's next for the chamber 1:15 16 days ago Lakewood Ranch business invites you to tap your creativity 3:44 23 days ago Federal Trade Commission: Protect Your Computer from Malware View More Video Business The Latest: European Central Bank keeps stimulus in place EU Commission seeks deal on Greece's loans next week European Central Bank sticks with economic stimulus RI senators pass bill demanding all 38 Studios records The Latest: Bahrain tells media not to condone Qatar policy Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions E-Edition (Digital Replica) Subscriber Services Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise with Us Shopping Local Deals Special Sections Public Notices More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Local Government Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Missing Coralville man found safe by Omaha police Hospital execs fear loss of Iowans’ safety net Neighbors rankled by removal of Cedar Rapids pond for stormwater detention basin Whirlpool reducing staff in Amana Hawkeyes play waiting game with VandeBerg, Bazata Cosby defense focuses on accusers’ credibility as trial continues Reynolds won’t rule out more cuts for higher education WATCH LIVE: Trump in hot seat as Comey testifies Corbett sets June 20 for gubernatorial decision Businessman, veteran Keith Wiggins announces run for Cedar Rapids City Council Big chains applying to sell fireworks in Iowa Companies such as Wal-Mart and Target are all applicants to sell fireworks Video Photo Joe Zalesky has begun preparing to open a fireworks store in Marion, shown on Thursday, May 25, 2017. (Liz Martin/The Gazette) Matthew Patane The Gazette More stories from Matthew Jun 7, 2017 at 8:33 am | Print View It’s not just small tents and business upstarts that want to sell fireworks in Iowa. Multiple big-name chains, from Iowa convenience stores to the world’s largest retailer, have eyed sales of the explosives, the state’s new firework-sales application process shows. The State Fire Marshal’s Office opened the application process last Thursday, about three weeks after firework sales became legal. Within the first five days, the office had received more than 168 applications, it said Monday. The office has issued seven retail licenses and registered 11 wholesalers. It expects to see about 1,000 sites that can sell fireworks in the state. “Our employees processed applications over the weekend, and we’ll continue to put in long hours in the upcoming weeks,” State Fire Marshal Jeff Quigle noted in a statement. By Tuesday morning, more than 1,000 applicants were listed for retail and wholesale firework sales on the website. Many of those were individual stores from the same company as each location selling fireworks needs a license. Wal-Mart, for example, had 113 stores listed while there were 59 applications for Bellino Fireworks, and more than 20 for Iowa Fireworks Co. Two Costco stores, including one in Coralville, were listed as applicants, as were multiple locations for retailers Bomgaars, ShopKo, Sam’s Club, Hy-Vee and Dollar General. Grocery store chain Hy-Vee, based in West Des Moines, will leave the decision of whether to sell fireworks to individual store managers, spokeswoman Tara Deering-Hansen said. “We do not carry fireworks through our distribution centers, though, and we will not start, even with this change in Iowa law,” Deering-Hansen said. “The stores that do sell fireworks in the states where it’s legal, they work directly with the fireworks suppliers to do so.” Three Hy-Vee stores had started fireworks-sale applications as of Tuesday. Deering-Hansen said Hy-Vee does not have a corporate stance on the sale of fireworks. A spokeswoman for Deerfield, Ill.-based pharmacy chain Walgreens said some Iowa stores have begun the permit application process, but the company is “still deciding whether or not to move forward with the sale of these items.” Starting an account or an application does not mean the company will sell fireworks this year. Forty-four Kum & Go locations, for example, started the application process to sell consumer fireworks. Spokeswoman Kristie Bell said the West Des Moines-based convenience store chain has considered selling fireworks at its Iowa stores between June 1 and July 8. With numerous cities still determining how they would handle fireworks, though, the company decided not to move forward this year, Bell said. “... Since several cities were still working through their approach to the new law, we didn’t have a clear picture of where we would and would not be able to sell them, so (we) decided against it for this year,” Bell said in an email. Casey’s General Stores, based in Ankeny, has not applied to sell fireworks. Vice President of Accounting James Pistillo said the company likely won’t sell fireworks directly in the near future. Casey’s may allow independent fireworks stands to lease property outside of its stores, however, Pistillo said. About 20 Target stores in Iowa also were listed as applicants. “With the recent change in Iowa law, we are currently working on permits and hope to offer fireworks in local Target stores as soon as we are able,” a Target spokesperson said in an email. Costco declined to comment. Other major retailers, including, Wal-Mart, Dollar General, Kmart and CVS Pharmacy, did not respond to requests for comment. Lawmakers passed the legislation this year that made it legal to possess, sell and use consumer-grade fireworks during two periods in a year. Licensed businesses can sell fireworks from permanent structures from June 1 to July 8 and Dec. 10 to Jan. 3. Those businesses can use temporary structures from June 13 to July 8. Consumer fireworks include roman candles, bottle rockets and firecrackers. Previous Iowa law only permitted the use of novelty fireworks, such as sparklers and snakes, according to the fire marshal’s office. l Comments: (319) 398-8366; matthew.patane@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Government articles Reynolds won't rule out more cuts for hi ... Hospital execs fear loss of Iowans' safe ... Corbett sets June 20 for gubernatorial d ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Download News App Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather Keeping your family safe during severe weather Color The Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Smokies Wildfires Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School USA Cycling National Championships Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Report It! Send News Tips Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team Contact Us 66° F Broken Clouds Hi: 76° F Lo: 57° F Forecast Radar WebCams Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Smokies Wildfires Latest Headlines LIVE: Comey to testify before Senate panel in 1st public remarks since firing Updated: 5 mins ago LIVE Read James Comey’s prepared testimony for Thursday’s hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee. Things to know about ex-FBI head’s James Comey’s testimony 6:02 am Assurances to an incoming president that he was not under federal investigation. A president’s unprecedented request for loyalty from an FBI… Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history 5:34 am NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants 4:48 am Nashville mom calls for end to gun violence after son, husband murdered on same day 4:46 am Weather Weather Color The Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 66° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 66° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 78% Dewpoint: 59° F Sunrise: 6:18 AM Sunset: 8:51 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School USA Cycling National Championships More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes More As Seen On WATE Report It Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Tennessee This Week More About Us Work For Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 66° F Broken Clouds Hi: 76° F Lo: 57° F Police: Utah mom used pliers to pull son’s teeth in Walmart bathroom KUCW staff Published: June 6, 2017, 9:45 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) AMERICAN FORK, Utah (KUCW) — Police call it “child abuse in its purest form.” A Utah woman faces child abuse charges after police say she pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom. Police say on April 2, Jeannine Cherilynn Isom went into Walmart and bought hand sanitizer and needle nose pliers.  According to police, she took her 7-year-old son into the restroom and pulled out two of his teeth with the pliers. “She proceeded to use the needle nose pliers to extract both teeth, both of his upper front teeth in his mouth,” said Sgt. Sgt. Cameron Paul with American Fork Police. The boy’s older brother and a store employee reported hearing the child screaming and yelling. Probable cause documents state Isom did not use any type of anesthetic when she pulled the boy’s teeth. He said “one was loose and the other was only a little loose” and he was reportedly crying the entire time his mother was pulling his teeth. “There was only one that was just a tiny bit loose. The other one was not,” said Paul. “When she proceeded to extract them, they didn’t come out in one whole piece. There were multiple pieces. So that illustrates that they were still very attached to this child’s mouth.” Isom was charged with one count of child abuse, a second-degree felony for “intentionally or knowingly inflict serious physical injury upon a child.” Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Police: Woman locked children in trunk while she shopped at Walmart Questions remain after Clinton Walmart shooting suspect charged in second case East Tennessee teen, man both charged in clerk’s murder following Amber Alert Clinton Walmart shooting suspect facing charges for 2 different violent crimes Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy Work For Us FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Free trade Unemployment Prescription drugs Why Amazon should keep prescription drugs off its voluminous shelves June 6, 2017 9.31pm EDT A pharmacist prepares to grind up a potion from unidentified pills the old-fashioned way. AP Photo/Ruben Goldberg Why Amazon should keep prescription drugs off its voluminous shelves June 6, 2017 9.31pm EDT C. Michael White Author C. Michael White Professor and Head of the Department of Pharmacy Practice, University of Connecticut Disclosure statement C. Michael White does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organization that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond the academic appointment above. Partners University of Connecticut provides funding as a member of The Conversation US. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Amazon hit a milestone recently after the price of one share hit US$1,000 for the first time, giving it a total value of close to $500 billion. That makes it the fourth-biggest company in the U.S. in terms of market capitalization and twice the size of brick-and-mortar rival Walmart. The online retailer’s incredible growth has come from expanding into more and more areas of the economy, providing its customers with speedy delivery of everything from socks and books to lawn chairs and computers. One category it has yet to enter, however, is prescription drugs. Amazon wants to change that and dispense drugs alongside its hundreds of millions of other wares. Would this be a good thing for consumers and the health care system? The biggest online retailer’s entry into this market may lead to efficiency gains, but the cost would be dear in terms of further severing the link between patients and actual pharmacists. Research, including my own, shows that patients need more face-to-face time with pharmacists, not less. Shares of Amazon have been soaring and recently reached $1,000 for the first time. AP Photo/Richard Drew Brief history of pharmacies Pharmacies (or apothecaries, as they were once known) have existed since antiquity. The first retail pharmacy began in Philadelphia in 1729. Back then, pharmacists not only dispensed medications to patients (without a prescription) but diagnosed diseases and handcrafted drugs. In 1951, Congress passed the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which prohibited pharmacists from dispensing FDA-approved drugs without a valid prescription. Mail-order pharmacies harnessing the raw efficiency of mass-filling prescriptions began to boom in the 1980s. In 2013, about 39 percent of customers said they refilled their prescription by mail order, up from an estimated 6 percent in 1990. Clearly it costs less per unit of labor for prescriptions to be filled in a centralized facility with industrial pill counting technology and with auto-refills of medication than when prescriptions are filled manually in the store by a local pharmacist triggered by a patient calling the pharmacy. Consumers say they like the convenience of mail-order pharmacies, which is likely one of the reasons Amazon is getting serious about entering the $450 billion market for prescription drugs. Amazon might be able to enhance the user experience, as well as make the process even more efficient, but there’s a cost. Drugs aren’t socks What is missing from the discussion is that prescription drugs are not socks or refrigerators. When consumers take drugs, they become patients, not just customers. While prescription drugs hold the promise of preventing disease and treating symptoms, they can maim or even kill if not used correctly. In 1993, for example, medication-related errors led to about 7,400 deaths, more than double the number of fatalities in 1983, according to a review of death certifications. Unfortunately, they’re the latest data available, but most likely the number is higher today. A key reason for these errors seems to be a lack of communication. A 2003 report noted that better communication among physicians, pharmacists and nurses could prevent 86 percent of the most serious medication errors, which suggests shifting more drug dispensation to a centralized facility from local pharmacies would worsen the problem. Studies show face-to-face encounters with pharmacists lead to greater prescription adherence and thus better outcomes. Reuters/Gary Cameron Too many people aren’t taking their meds Another thing that makes prescription drugs very different than Amazon’s typical offerings is that in many cases it’s essential that patients actually take their meds as prescribed. That’s not happening. Taking drugs in the right dosage for the right amount of time is critical to effectively cure a disease, prevent the formation of antimicrobial resistance and keep a malady from progressing. Yet on average, only about 50 percent of American patients typically take their medicines as prescribed, costing hundreds of billions of dollars in adverse outcomes and unnecessary hospitalizations each year. Furthermore, in my own research involving patients with cardiovascular diseases, I have found that people are simply not receiving the medications they need – and when they are, they aren’t following through on the required dosage, leading to worse outcomes. I’ve found that greater interaction between patients and pharmacists can help solve this problem. Other studies have shown that more active face-to-face engagement with a pharmacist improves a patient’s level of adherence to a prescription, which can lead to better outcomes. A study involving Walgreens pharmacists, for example, suggested direct drug counseling reduced health care costs by $266 on average, mostly due to fewer hospitalizations. Discarded drugs have been found in water at this landfill in Bath, Maine, with the Kennebec River in the background. AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty The environmental costs Finally, another key aspect of prescription drugs is that their waste is a big and growing problem. Unlike the clothes or appliances you order, medications can’t simply be returned to the merchant, restocked and resold to another customer. There’s no way of ensuring they weren’t adulterated or improperly stored, and the risks are too great. That means every pill that goes unused must be disposed of, which is a huge waste of money but also is a major source of pollution. In a 2015 assessment of medications turned in for disposal, more than half of the prescriptions purchased from mail-order pharmacies still contained 80 percent of more of the original pills. Even more troubling, 39 percent had every single pill originally dispensed. That compares with much-lower rates of 37 percent and 17 percent for community pharmacies. Many of the unused drugs, however, aren’t properly disposed of and instead end up in a landfill or flushed down a toilet. A nationwide study conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey in 1999 and 2000 found low levels of pharmaceuticals – including antibiotics, hormones, contraceptives and steroids – in 80 percent of the rivers and streams sampled, contaminating 40 million Americans’ drinking water. Studies have shown that aquatic animals are adversely affected by these hormones, with some male fish developing female sex organs, and there are concerns that long-term exposure to a tainted water supply can lead to more superbugs. Amazon’s success has come partly from shipping as efficiently as possible. AP Photo/Mark Lennihan Small gains for many pains Amazon is a revolutionary company that has reshaped how we shop and has helped drastically increase the efficiency of shipping small packages. This could even allow it to reduce some of the negative side effects, noted above, of remote pharmacies, such as by making it more cost-effective to ship small quantities of pills to reduce waste. But to my mind, any modest gains in efficiencies or cost savings are paid for dearly by the negative outcomes that result from medication-related errors and patients not following through on their prescriptions, while the waste of unused drugs will continue. And while this problem has been with us for a while, Amazon, due to its size and ability to quickly dominate markets, would make the situation a lot worse. Delivering a product more efficiently cannot be the only metric of success. With prescription drugs, saving lives must be considered as well. Pharmacology Drugs Amazon Pharmacists Pharmacy Prescription drugs Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter You might also like The Pharmacy Guild recently announced that medication reviews will now be capped. Gatis Gribusts/Flickr Medicine reviews save lives and money, so why are they capped? Pharmacists could have an empathetic conversation with women rather than having them fill in an intrusive questionnaire. Tim Parkinson Note to pharmacists on how not to sell the morning-after pill Safeway pharmacist Ronak Amin is shown at his work station at the store in Wheaton, Maryland, February 13 2015. Gary Cameron/Reuters Can pharmacists help fill the growing primary care gap? Pharmacists’ skills go well beyond dispensing drugs but a one-off check would do little to achieve integrated care. Image from shutterstock.com Should pharmacists get $50 to give you a health check? Most popular on The Conversation The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? Why Jefferson’s vision of American Islam matters today Should we put juveniles away for life? Meet the teen who sparked a debate Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Working memory: How you keep things ‘in mind’ over the short term How math education can catch up to the 21st century How bad could Trump’s Paris Agreement withdrawal be? A scientist’s perspective Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 51,200 academics and researchers from 2,053 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Acquisition, sourcing strength help UNFI overcome headwinds Jun 07, 2017 Tops stepping up promotions after traffic decrease, larger loss in Q1 Jun 07, 2017 Amazon cuts Prime rate for shoppers on assistance Jun 06, 2017 Lidl to partner with Klum in fashion collection Jun 06, 2017 Suit accuses Dollar Tree of ‘killing’ Dollar Express spinoff Jun 05, 2017 Featured Viewpoint: Competition from deep discounters will strengthen industry May 31, 2017 9 Lidl sites make U.S. debut June 15 May 30, 2017 Meat promotions sizzling again May 26, 2017 Junquiero to retire from Save Mart May 24, 2017 News>Online Retail Amazon cuts Prime rate for shoppers on assistance New program could broaden demographic, slow free rivals Jon Springer | Jun 06, 2017 Amazon on Tuesday said it was now offering a discounted rate on its Prime loyalty benefits for shoppers who participate in government assistance programs. Currently, customers who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) card qualify for the discounted membership of $5.99 per month. Prime members are eligible for a range of benefits including free shipping for online orders as well as video and music streaming, online photo storage and savings on select items and subscriptions. Prime’s typical monthly rate is $10.99, or $99 per year. The annual membership works out to about $8.25 per month, so the discounted rate represents a 27.4% lower price for those services, or a 46.3% discount on a month’s membership. The offer appears available only on a month-to-month basis. A spokeswoman for Amazon said there would be no associated discount for AmazonFresh, the Seattle e-tailer’s grocery ordering and delivery service. Prime shoppers pay an additional $14.99 monthly rate for unlimited fresh grocery ordering and delivery in areas where AmazonFresh is available. Amazon’s Prime membership is seen as an enviable demographic among retailers, but the move Tuesday could help extend Prime to additional shoppers, some of which may be participating in e-commerce with rivals like Wal-Mart Stores which offer some of the same shipping benefits at no additional cost. Walmart officials said last month that such offers were contributing to a sudden surge of sales through Walmart.com, which saw revenues rise by 63% in its fiscal first quarter. “We know when people try Prime they love it, because they save time and money with low prices on millions of items, unlimited access to premium videos and music, and fast, convenient delivery,” Greg Greeley, VP of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. “We designed this membership option for customers receiving government assistance to make our everyday selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime.” At launch, customers will need to qualify with a valid EBT card. An EBT card is commonly used to disburse funds for several government assistance programs including Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), and Women, Infants, and Children Nutrition Program (WIC). EBT cannot be used to pay for membership. Customers can qualify every 12 months up to four times, Amazon said. Amazon will add other ways to qualify in the future for customers participating in government assistance programs that do not utilize EBT. There is no annual commitment and members can cancel anytime. Customers can learn more or sign up for a 30-day free trial at amazon.com/qualify.     0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related How Walmart got its swagger backJun 06, 2017 Viewpoint: Three tips for e-commerce delivery successJun 06, 2017 Top 10 Gallery: Lidl leads the packJun 05, 2017 Walmart testing associate home deliveryJun 02, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close lower as Wall Street braces for Comey testimony CNBC Fred Imbert 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 15 commercial products invented for the military Click to expand Replay Video Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' One of President Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises has yet to come to fruition. But Trump has a new idea for the border wall between the U.S. and Mexico that might help him keep his promise. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Veuer Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone On the border of China and Kazakhstan, an international free trade zone has become a showpiece of Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature "Belt and Road" Initiative to boost global trade and commerce by improving infrastructure and connectivity. But as Graham Mackay reports, Horgos, the youngest city of China's new Silk Road, is not all it seems. Reuters 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US These nine jobs could be on their way out, based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics' occupational outlook data. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Bitcoin hits all-time high CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' Veuer0:58 Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone Reuters1:48 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US Business Insider2:23 GE factory jobs move from Wisconsin to Canada CNN Money4:31 What gas inventories say about oil supply and demand Bloomberg2:50 Hyperloop One goes from London to Edinburgh in 50 minutes Wochit Tech0:59 Michelle Obama tells Apple: You won't get my money unless you include more women CNBC0:43 How charities need to change to end poverty The Wall Street Journal.2:25 Caesars Entertainment seeing growth in Las Vegas Fox Business4:33 Smart tap aims to serve 'perfect' beer BBC News1:59 Here's where Americans say they waste the most money CNBC0:47 Uber's no good, very bad year so far The Washington Post2:36 Amazon discounts Prime for welfare and food stamps recipients Reuters0:59 Are there 50,000 new coal jobs as EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt claimed? The Washington Post1:07 5 online mistakes that are costing you money The Wall Street Journal.1:43 New Supreme Court case could reshape cellphone privacy laws Newsy0:40 UP NEXT Stocks ended lower Tuesday as Wall Street braced for key events slated for later this week. The Dow fell 47 points, with Walmart contributing the most losses. The S&P 500 shed 0.28 percent, and the Nasdaq lost 0.33 percent. Quotes in the article Walt Disney Co DIS ▼ 105.07 -0.81 -0.77% AdChoices Bond prices, meanwhile, caught a bid as the benchmark 10-year note yield hit its lowest level since the days following the U.S. presidential election. Gold prices also hit their highest level in seven weeks. "Those two markets are maybe signaling concern" among investors, said Jeff Zipper, managing director of investments at the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank. "The [stock] market has been flatlining in the past few days as it waits for some clarity." Former FBI Director James Comey is slated to testify Thursday in front of the Senate intelligence committee, marking his first public comment since being fired by President Donald Trump. Comey will certainly be asked about his reported conversations with Trump and any efforts the president made to interfere with a probe on former national security advisor Michael Flynn. "The Comey testimony may give us something to talk about. I think it could be a he-said-he-said situation which could put off what can be done in Washington," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank. Investors have remained vigilant about any new developments on the situation. Nevertheless, the major large-cap indexes have made on making new highs recently as pullbacks present new buying opportunities. "It's hard to figure out what exactly would put a dent on this market," said Key Private Bank's McCain. "Things haven't been going too well but sentiment data has been strong." "It's as if the Energizer Bunny has taken over and we're just going higher and higher," he said. Investors also braced themselves for a general election in the United Kingdom set for Thursday. While a vast majority of observers still expect May to emerge victorious on Thursday, a Survation poll published last weekend placed the prime minister's ruling right-wing Conservative Party ahead by just a single percentage point. On Tuesday, the pan-European Stoxx 600 dropped 0.67 percent, while the British pound slipped 0.1 percent to $1.289. In economic news, job openings hit a record high in April, according to the Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS), which showed a total of 6.0 million openings. CNBC's Sam Meredith contributed to this report. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 72° 72° Low 69° High 89° Fri 70° 88° Sat 73° 88° Sun 75° 89° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Man accused of exposing himself at Wal-Mart in Porter, deputies say Posted 5:51 PM, June 6, 2017, by Alex Green, Updated at 10:53AM, June 7, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × Man accused of exposing himself at Wal-Mart in Porter, deputies say PORTER, Texas– Deputies are searching for a man accused of exposing himself to a woman inside of a Wal-Mart, according to the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office. On Monday, deputies were dispatched to the Wal-Mart at 23561 Highway 59, where the man allegedly exposed his genitals to a female shopper while inside the store. He escaped before officers could arrive, the officer said. The man is described as being in his early to mid-20s, 6 feet tall with hazel eyes and a mole on his face. He was last seen wearing a dark colored jacket and grey sweat pants with a dark colored baseball cap, officers said. Anyone with information is asked to call the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office at 936-760-5800 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-392-STOP (7867). Filed in: Local Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Denny’s chokehold death ruled a ‘homicide,’ but no charges filed as man’s family demands justice Medical Examiner: Man died of ‘strangulation’ after Denny’s confrontation with deputy’s husband Eli, the ‘Miracle Baby’ born without a nose, has died Video shows deputy’s husband using chokehold on man who died after confrontation at Denny’s Latest News HPD: Driver escapes; 2 passengers arrested after lengthy chase in SE Houston Massive truck loses front axle, crashes on Westpark Tollway in Richmond Oldest Homo sapiens fossils discovered Donald Glover is retiring Childish Gambino Local Man accused of sexually assaulting 3 residents at apartment in The Woodlands Local Baytown PD: Suspect in shooting death of Harris County deputy committed suicide Local Suspected burglar caught using stolen credit cards at Houston Wal-Mart, deputies say Local Gunman on the run after shooting father at family’s home in northwest Harris County, deputies say Local Man shot twice in back at apartment in NW Harris County, deputies say Local Conroe man brutally beats 2 dogs for pooping in his house, deputies say  Local Harris County Commissioners Courthouse Annex to be named in honor of slain deputy Clint Greenwood Local Bail set at $1M for man accused of brutally raping, torturing woman in Conroe Local NewsFix Surveillance video released showing possible suspect, vehicle connected to murder of Pct. 3 asst. chief Local VIDEO: Robbers crawl through fast-food drive-thru window, assault worker in Spring Nation/World Atlanta-area sheriff charged after allegedly exposing himself in park Local Man dies from injuries after confrontation with off-duty HCSO officer, her husband Local HCSO: At least 3 suspects arrested in drug, weapon raid at house in Crosby  Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Business Retail Walmart Employees Will Start Delivering Online Orders — Will This Change What You Think of the Company? By Sheena Butler-Young / June 6, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Walmart AP Images This means war. In its ongoing digital battle with Amazon, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. last week rolled out its latest combat strategy: associate delivery. Related Walmart Thinks It Will Sell $25 Million Worth of These Light-Up Sneakers in 2017 The rise of e-commerce giant Amazon has created enormous challenges for traditional brick-and-mortar retailers. While many are implementing new strategies to counter digital pressures, few have stepped up to the plate quite like Walmart, arguably the biggest threat to Amazon’s rapid growth. And as the largest retailer in the U.S., perhaps Walmart is the most equipped for the fight. Via a blog post on June 1, Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. e-commerce, announced that the company has started testing associate delivery in three of its stores, two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. The program — optional for employees, according to Lore — will use the company’s order fulfillment to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The program should check off several key items on every retailer’s list of must-dos in an increasingly digital age: cut shipping costs, boost delivery times and create new moneymaking opportunities for employees at a time when traditional retailers are slashing jobs. (Lore said the program is designed to give associates a way to earn extra income on their drive home.) “It creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Lore noted. So far, market watchers have overwhelmingly given Walmart’s digital moves the thumbs-up. (Since August 2016, as part of its aggressive digital strategy, Walmart has acquired several digital brands, including Jet.com and ShoeBuy.) “We are confident that [Walmart] management has developed a well-rounded digital strategy to cover all aspects of the customer experience, and they recognize the challenges  they face,” Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP analyst Bill Dreher wrote in a note this week following the company’s annual shareholder meeting. He added, “Walmart is clearly the leader in retail technology and is leaps and bounds ahead of its brick-and-mortar competitors.” Cowen & Co. analyst Oliver Chen also sang the retailer’s praises, noting that the company is effectively using its physical stores to create a competitive advantage. “We like Walmart’s deep focus on curbside pickup options, use of store network to cut shipping costs, and intense focus on lower prices versus competition,” Chen wrote on June 5. “We believe new customer-centric features, aggressively low prices and greater customer service is driving improved customer satisfaction, confirmed by our surveys.” While Walmart’s latest digital rollouts seem to be passing the Wall Street test, the elephant in the room for the largest private employer in the U.S. is its storied history with employee satisfaction. For years, labor groups — Making Change at Walmart is one example — have criticized the corporate giant for allegedly not doing enough for its employees, and tales of worker mistreatment have also plagued the company. Now, adding another layer of employee responsibility — albeit an optional one, the company stresses — could complicate things for the retailer, which has been slowly working toward gaining a more positive public perception. Susquehanna’s Dreher said he believes the retailer is putting its best foot forward in getting on the right side of public opinion in several areas, including the treatment of employees. Raising its minimum wage for associates and adding new training programs have been among Walmart’s latest initiatives in this area. “We have noticed that Walmart’s brand tends to carry some negative associations that do not necessarily reflect its current business,” he wrote. “Walmart is generally viewed as the poster child for corporate America, responsible for the demise of mom-and-pop retail and poor treatment of employees, as well as being geared toward low-income consumers.” Although he recognized that Walmart has a ways to go before overcoming certain perceptions, overall, Dreher and several other analysts suggest that the retailer’s latest move is a step toward a healthier company culture and greater shareholder value. — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Opinion & Analysis, Retail, Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Walmart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← Gabriela Hearst’s Resort 2018 Collection Features Hand-Crocheted Shoes Models Wore These Two Classic Shoe Silhouettes at the CFDA Awards → Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: June 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 06/05/2017 Read Now 'Wonder Woman' Is Most Tweeted Movie of 2017 (EXCLUSIVE) 15 Top Female Friendships on TV: Liars, OINTB Inmates and More… How To Watch Former FBI Director James Comey Testify At Senate… Phil Collins, 66, Rushed To The Hospital With 'Severe' Head Gash… This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the… Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Police: Mom used pliers to remove son’s teeth in Walmart bathroo - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Recalls Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports College Sports High School Sports High School Sports Scores Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports West Virginia Illustrated WV Power Baseball Video Community Hidden History Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Police: Mom used pliers to remove son’s teeth in Walmart bathroom Posted: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 4:06 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 5:02 PM EDT AMERICAN FORK, UT (ABC4 Utah) — Police call it “child abuse in its purest form.” A Utah woman faces child abuse charges after police say she pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom. Police say on April 2, Jeannine Cherilynn Isom went into Walmart and bought hand sanitizer and needle nose pliers.  According to police, she took her 7-year-old son into the restroom and pulled out two of his teeth with the pliers. “She proceeded to use the needle nose pliers to extract both teeth, both of his upper front teeth in his mouth,” said Sgt. Cameron Paul with American Fork Police. The boy’s older brother and a store employee reported hearing the child screaming and yelling. Probable cause documents state Isom did not use any type of anesthetic when she pulled the boy’s teeth. He said “one was loose and the other was only a little loose” and he was reportedly crying the entire time his mother was pulling his teeth. “There was only one that was just a tiny bit loose. The other one was not,” said Paul. “When she proceeded to extract them, they didn’t come out in one whole piece. There were multiple pieces. So that illustrates that they were still very attached to this child’s mouth,” added Paul. Isom was charged with one count of child abuse, a second-degree felony for “intentionally or knowingly inflict serious physical injury upon a child.” Crime/CourtsCrime/CourtsMore>> State Police investigate thefts from WV mine sites State Police investigate thefts from WV mine sites Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 6:44 PM EDT2017-06-07 22:44:50 GMT WEST VIRGINIA (WVNS) - State Troopers are asking for help from the community in an investigation into thefts at coal mines in Raleigh and Boone Counties.  The thefts happened at three different mine sites during the month of May.  The case is being investigated by the Whitesville Detachment of the State Police. Investigators said there are at least three individuals involved in stealing items from the mines.  They were caught on video taken on the mine property. The su... WEST VIRGINIA (WVNS) - State Troopers are asking for help from the community in an investigation into thefts at coal mines in Raleigh and Boone Counties.  The thefts happened at three different mine sites during the month of May.  The case is being investigated by the Whitesville Detachment of the State Police. Investigators said there are at least three individuals involved in stealing items from the mines.  They were caught on video taken on the mine property. The su... Man and Woman Wanted After Using Stolen Credit Card in Kanawha County Man and Woman Wanted After Using Stolen Credit Card in Kanawha County Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 4:32 PM EDT2017-06-07 20:32:30 GMT KANAWHA COUNTY, WV (WOWK) - The Kanawha Sheriff's Office is seeking the public's help in determining the identities of a man and woman who used a stolen credit in Cross Lanes that was stolen from Elkview. On May 9th, a stolen credit card was used at the Walmart store in Cross Lanes, WV. The credit card was reported stolen from the Smith’s Grocery Store in Elkview, WV, on May 8th. Attached are photos of a male and a female who used the stolen credit card, and the vehicle ... KANAWHA COUNTY, WV (WOWK) - The Kanawha Sheriff's Office is seeking the public's help in determining the identities of a man and woman who used a stolen credit in Cross Lanes that was stolen from Elkview. On May 9th, a stolen credit card was used at the Walmart store in Cross Lanes, WV. The credit card was reported stolen from the Smith’s Grocery Store in Elkview, WV, on May 8th. Attached are photos of a male and a female who used the stolen credit card, and the vehicle ... Suspect Sentenced After Assaulting State Senator in Logan County Suspect Sentenced After Assaulting State Senator in Logan County Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 4:26 PM EDT2017-06-07 20:26:03 GMT MGN Online His trial for assaulting Sen. Richard Ojeda last May at a political cookout in Logan County was scheduled to begin Monday. His trial for assaulting Sen. Richard Ojeda last May at a political cookout in Logan County was scheduled to begin Monday. Huntington Man Arrested for Pimping Underage Teen Huntington Man Arrested for Pimping Underage Teen Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 3:45 PM EDT2017-06-07 19:45:44 GMT HUNTINGTON, WV (WOWK) - A Huntington man has been arrested on a felony and misdemeanor charge after having sexual encounters with a runaway girl from Chicago, Illinois. The 16-year-old victim from Chicago, Illinois stated in an interview that she met 39-year-old David Pelfrey, of Huntington, on the internet.  She then traveled to West Virginia to stay with Pelfrey and role play various sexual encounters. While doing so, Pelfrey was aware of the victim selling herself to ot... HUNTINGTON, WV (WOWK) - A Huntington man has been arrested on a felony and misdemeanor charge after having sexual encounters with a runaway girl from Chicago, Illinois. The 16-year-old victim from Chicago, Illinois stated in an interview that she met 39-year-old David Pelfrey, of Huntington, on the internet.  She then traveled to West Virginia to stay with Pelfrey and role play various sexual encounters. While doing so, Pelfrey was aware of the victim selling herself to ot... Deputies searching for body at residence in Mingo County Deputies searching for body at residence in Mingo County Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 11:04 AM EDT2017-06-07 15:04:25 GMT MINGO COUNTY, WV - The Mingo County Sheriff's Department tells 13 News that they are investigating reports of a possible body in the Chattaroy area. According to a representative with the department, they received a tip that a person may have been buried in a residential yard. They believe the body in question may have disappeared roughly 10 years ago.  No body has been found and no names have been released at this time. Investigators are at the scene now. Stay with 13 News ... MINGO COUNTY, WV - The Mingo County Sheriff's Department tells 13 News that they are investigating reports of a possible body in the Chattaroy area. According to a representative with the department, they received a tip that a person may have been buried in a residential yard. They believe the body in question may have disappeared roughly 10 years ago.  No body has been found and no names have been released at this time. Investigators are at the scene now. Stay with 13 News ... Man Arrested, Woman Wanted After Burglary and Assault in Kanawha County Man Arrested, Woman Wanted After Burglary and Assault in Kanawha County Updated: Tuesday, June 6 2017 10:56 PM EDT2017-06-07 02:56:29 GMT KANAWHA COUNTY, WV (WOWK) - One person has been arrested, and another is wanted after a daytime burglary ended up leading police on a chase. At just after 8 p.m. a burglary was reported at the 600 block of Everest Circle in St. Albans. A male suspect entered the residence and assaulted the homeowner before fleeing from the home and leaving in a vehicle. The vehicle was located on Coal River Road, a short distance from where the burglary/assault occurred. Deputies approached the ve... KANAWHA COUNTY, WV (WOWK) - One person has been arrested, and another is wanted after a daytime burglary ended up leading police on a chase. At just after 8 p.m. a burglary was reported at the 600 block of Everest Circle in St. Albans. A male suspect entered the residence and assaulted the homeowner before fleeing from the home and leaving in a vehicle. The vehicle was located on Coal River Road, a short distance from where the burglary/assault occurred. Deputies approached the ve... Two Huntington Men Arrested for Abduction, Abusing Man on Multiple Occasions Two Huntington Men Arrested for Abduction, Abusing Man on Multiple Occasions Updated: Tuesday, June 6 2017 9:59 PM EDT2017-06-07 01:59:40 GMT HUNTINGTON, WV (WOWK) - Two people have been arrested on several felony charges after tying up a man in a trailer, abusing him on multiple occasions, and shooting at him with the intent of killing him. According to a criminal complaint, during the morning hours of May 26th, three men were at a trailer with a victim on the 4400 block of Altizer Avenue in Huntington, WV.  While at the trailer, the three males forced the victim, Robert Lewingdom, into the trailer at gunpoint, wher... HUNTINGTON, WV (WOWK) - Two people have been arrested on several felony charges after tying up a man in a trailer, abusing him on multiple occasions, and shooting at him with the intent of killing him. According to a criminal complaint, during the morning hours of May 26th, three men were at a trailer with a victim on the 4400 block of Altizer Avenue in Huntington, WV.  While at the trailer, the three males forced the victim, Robert Lewingdom, into the trailer at gunpoint, wher... Police: Man dragged kitten to death from vehicle bumper while friend recorded Police: Man dragged kitten to death from vehicle bumper while friend recorded Updated: Tuesday, June 6 2017 8:39 PM EDT2017-06-07 00:39:28 GMT BRANSON, MO (KOZL) — A second Branson man has been charged with animal abuse in a case involving the killing of a kitten that was recorded and posted to Facebook, according to the Taney County prosecuting attorney. More people may be charged in the incident, Prosecutor Jeff Merrell said today. Jordan Hall, 18, is the Taney County Jail, charged with animal abuse and armed criminal action, the same charges filed against Kyle Williams, also 18 and a resident of Branson. The two ... BRANSON, MO (KOZL) — A second Branson man has been charged with animal abuse in a case involving the killing of a kitten that was recorded and posted to Facebook, according to the Taney County prosecuting attorney. More people may be charged in the incident, Prosecutor Jeff Merrell said today. Jordan Hall, 18, is the Taney County Jail, charged with animal abuse and armed criminal action, the same charges filed against Kyle Williams, also 18 and a resident of Branson. The two ... Police: Mom used pliers to remove son’s teeth in Walmart bathroom Police: Mom used pliers to remove son’s teeth in Walmart bathroom Updated: Tuesday, June 6 2017 5:02 PM EDT2017-06-06 21:02:55 GMT AMERICAN FORK, UT (ABC4 Utah) — Police call it “child abuse in its purest form.” A Utah woman faces child abuse charges after police say she pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom. Police say on April 2, Jeannine Cherilynn Isom went into Walmart and bought hand sanitizer and needle nose pliers.  According to police, she took her 7-year-old son into the restroom and pulled out two of his teeth with the pliers. “She proceeded to us... AMERICAN FORK, UT (ABC4 Utah) — Police call it “child abuse in its purest form.” A Utah woman faces child abuse charges after police say she pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom. Police say on April 2, Jeannine Cherilynn Isom went into Walmart and bought hand sanitizer and needle nose pliers.  According to police, she took her 7-year-old son into the restroom and pulled out two of his teeth with the pliers. “She proceeded to us... Police arrest woman who believed crack cocaine was actually a spider egg Police arrest woman who believed crack cocaine was actually a spider egg Updated: Tuesday, June 6 2017 3:09 PM EDT2017-06-06 19:09:51 GMT She thought the crack cocaine a friend had sold her was actually a spider egg. She thought the crack cocaine a friend had sold her was actually a spider egg.    Top VideoMore>> Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington Police Identify 'Nude' Suspect After Woman's Body is Found in Huntington St. Albans Election St. Albans Election Marshall's New WBB Coach Talks Camp, Team Marshall's New WBB Coach Talks Camp, Team HS Sports Year in Review - Class A HS Sports Year in Review - Class A WV Power Highlights vs Delmarva WV Power Highlights vs Delmarva    SlideshowsMore>> Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop Updated: Friday, October 7 2016 8:51 AM EDT2016-10-07 12:51:07 GMT Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Updated: Sunday, August 14 2016 10:33 PM EDT2016-08-15 02:33:29 GMT About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  2016 Huntington Dress for Success and Stiletto Stroll Event 2016 Huntington Dress for Success and Stiletto Stroll Event Updated: Saturday, May 21 2016 11:37 AM EDT2016-05-21 15:37:56 GMT The Dress for Success River Cities hosted their 4th annual Power Walk, 5K Run, and Stiletto Stroll on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Here are some pictures from the event. The Dress for Success River Cities hosted their 4th annual Power Walk, 5K Run, and Stiletto Stroll on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Here are some pictures from the event.    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> One Person Stabbed in Saint Albans One Person Stabbed in Saint Albans Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 11:39 PM EDT2017-06-08 03:39:50 GMT SAINT ALBANS, WV (WOWK) - One person has been stabbed in Saint Albans late Thursday evening. The stabbing occurred on the 60 block of McCormick Avenue in Saint Albans. According to dispatchers, a male called emergency services saying that he had been stabbed in the foot by a woman, who was intoxicated. The suspect is described as a white female with a pink shirt and blue jeans. The victim's injuries do not appear to be life-threatening. We will provide more information on th... SAINT ALBANS, WV (WOWK) - One person has been stabbed in Saint Albans late Thursday evening. The stabbing occurred on the 60 block of McCormick Avenue in Saint Albans. According to dispatchers, a male called emergency services saying that he had been stabbed in the foot by a woman, who was intoxicated. The suspect is described as a white female with a pink shirt and blue jeans. The victim's injuries do not appear to be life-threatening. We will provide more information on th... Marco Polo: The App Naomi Jones Used Before She Was Murdered Marco Polo: The App Naomi Jones Used Before She Was Murdered Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 8:35 PM EDT2017-06-08 00:35:58 GMT PENSACOLA, FL (WKRG) — The Escambia County Sheriff has revealed an app that might have contributed to the disappearance and death of 12-year-old Naomi Jones. At a press conference on Wednesday, Sheriff Morgan said the app “Marco Polo” was used by Jones to communicate with individuals that might be connected to her death by asphyxiation.  The exchanges on Jones’ accounts were said to be sexual in nature. Naomi Jones, 12, was found dead in a cree... PENSACOLA, FL (WKRG) — The Escambia County Sheriff has revealed an app that might have contributed to the disappearance and death of 12-year-old Naomi Jones. At a press conference on Wednesday, Sheriff Morgan said the app “Marco Polo” was used by Jones to communicate with individuals that might be connected to her death by asphyxiation.  The exchanges on Jones’ accounts were said to be sexual in nature. Naomi Jones, 12, was found dead in a cree... Family raising awareness after 2-year-old girl died from possible tick bite Family raising awareness after 2-year-old girl died from possible tick bite Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 9:00 AM EDT2017-06-07 13:00:49 GMT INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Family and friends of a 2-year-old girl from Plainfield are hoping to raise awareness after she died from what doctors believe to be Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, it’s a tick borne disease which causes a bacterial infection. Right now family and friends told 24-Hour News 8 they’re waiting for autopsy results to confirm whether it was a tick bite that caused her death. A friend ... INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Family and friends of a 2-year-old girl from Plainfield are hoping to raise awareness after she died from what doctors believe to be Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, it’s a tick borne disease which causes a bacterial infection. Right now family and friends told 24-Hour News 8 they’re waiting for autopsy results to confirm whether it was a tick bite that caused her death. A friend ... Family wants Court to reconsider pricey speeding ticket Family wants Court to reconsider pricey speeding ticket Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 7:19 PM EDT2017-06-07 23:19:21 GMT EVANS, Ga. (WJBF) – A Columbia County family wants court officials to take another look at speeding fines assessed from a traffic violation.  Parents of a teenager told the news station that their daughter was slapped with a speeding ticket fine higher than what most people normally see. Eight months after getting a license, Talia Harvey is dealing with not just a speeding ticket, but a very pricey one.  “I kind of misjudged how fast I was going,” th... EVANS, Ga. (WJBF) – A Columbia County family wants court officials to take another look at speeding fines assessed from a traffic violation.  Parents of a teenager told the news station that their daughter was slapped with a speeding ticket fine higher than what most people normally see. Eight months after getting a license, Talia Harvey is dealing with not just a speeding ticket, but a very pricey one.  “I kind of misjudged how fast I was going,” th... State Police investigate thefts from WV mine sites State Police investigate thefts from WV mine sites Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 6:44 PM EDT2017-06-07 22:44:50 GMT WEST VIRGINIA (WVNS) - State Troopers are asking for help from the community in an investigation into thefts at coal mines in Raleigh and Boone Counties.  The thefts happened at three different mine sites during the month of May.  The case is being investigated by the Whitesville Detachment of the State Police. Investigators said there are at least three individuals involved in stealing items from the mines.  They were caught on video taken on the mine property. The su... WEST VIRGINIA (WVNS) - State Troopers are asking for help from the community in an investigation into thefts at coal mines in Raleigh and Boone Counties.  The thefts happened at three different mine sites during the month of May.  The case is being investigated by the Whitesville Detachment of the State Police. Investigators said there are at least three individuals involved in stealing items from the mines.  They were caught on video taken on the mine property. The su... Update: Woman Shoots Boyfriend in Huntington, Nearly 80 Update: Woman Shoots Boyfriend in Huntington, Nearly 80 Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 9:38 PM EDT2017-06-08 01:38:05 GMT Shortly before 5 p.m., police responded to a call of a reported shooting. The incident occurred in the 3000 Block of Washington Blvd. Dispatch informs us that the victim is the party who called 911 for assistance. Right now this is believed to be the result of a domestic dispute between a man and a woman.  Shortly before 5 p.m., police responded to a call of a reported shooting. The incident occurred in the 3000 Block of Washington Blvd. Dispatch informs us that the victim is the party who called 911 for assistance. Right now this is believed to be the result of a domestic dispute between a man and a woman.  Man and Woman Wanted After Using Stolen Credit Card in Kanawha County Man and Woman Wanted After Using Stolen Credit Card in Kanawha County Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 4:32 PM EDT2017-06-07 20:32:30 GMT KANAWHA COUNTY, WV (WOWK) - The Kanawha Sheriff's Office is seeking the public's help in determining the identities of a man and woman who used a stolen credit in Cross Lanes that was stolen from Elkview. On May 9th, a stolen credit card was used at the Walmart store in Cross Lanes, WV. The credit card was reported stolen from the Smith’s Grocery Store in Elkview, WV, on May 8th. Attached are photos of a male and a female who used the stolen credit card, and the vehicle ... KANAWHA COUNTY, WV (WOWK) - The Kanawha Sheriff's Office is seeking the public's help in determining the identities of a man and woman who used a stolen credit in Cross Lanes that was stolen from Elkview. On May 9th, a stolen credit card was used at the Walmart store in Cross Lanes, WV. The credit card was reported stolen from the Smith’s Grocery Store in Elkview, WV, on May 8th. Attached are photos of a male and a female who used the stolen credit card, and the vehicle ... WV Kid Sings and Plays Amazing Grace at WV Legislature WV Kid Sings and Plays Amazing Grace at WV Legislature Updated: Tuesday, June 6 2017 4:18 PM EDT2017-06-06 20:18:12 GMT The West Virginia House of Delegates opened with an incredible performance today.  The West Virginia House of Delegates opened with an incredible performance today.  Truck driver loses load of beer all over highway Truck driver loses load of beer all over highway Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 9:47 PM EDT2017-06-08 01:47:19 GMT TEMPE, AZ. (WFLA) – Police in Arizona said a truck driver lost control on a highway ramp on Wednesday and dumped a load of beer on the side of the road. Cans of Bud Light were broken all over the ground after the top of the truck opened up. The driver of the truck was injured, but is expected to be okay. TEMPE, AZ. (WFLA) – Police in Arizona said a truck driver lost control on a highway ramp on Wednesday and dumped a load of beer on the side of the road. Cans of Bud Light were broken all over the ground after the top of the truck opened up. The driver of the truck was injured, but is expected to be okay. Boy, 10, with life-threatening illness granted wish to meet April the giraffe Boy, 10, with life-threatening illness granted wish to meet April the giraffe Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 10:21 PM EDT2017-06-08 02:21:36 GMT HARPURSVILLE, NY (INSIDE EDITION) — A 10-year-old Ohio boy who suffers from a life-threatening seizure disorder got the opportunity of a lifetime as he met his favorite animal and the world’s most beloved viral star — April the giraffe. It was a day Alex Johnson won’t soon forget as the Make-A-Wish Foundation granted his desire to meet the giraffe after he and more than a million others waited for the animal to give birth earlier this year. Johnson, who ... HARPURSVILLE, NY (INSIDE EDITION) — A 10-year-old Ohio boy who suffers from a life-threatening seizure disorder got the opportunity of a lifetime as he met his favorite animal and the world’s most beloved viral star — April the giraffe. It was a day Alex Johnson won’t soon forget as the Make-A-Wish Foundation granted his desire to meet the giraffe after he and more than a million others waited for the animal to give birth earlier this year. Johnson, who ...    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home Weather 72° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Search for suspect accused of exposing himself to shopper in Walmart Authorities are searching for a man who is accused of exposing himself to a shopper at a Walmart in Porter. kHOU.com , KHOU 5:26 PM. CDT June 06, 2017 (Photo: Courtesy of MCSO) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST PORTER, Texas- Authorities are searching for a man who is accused of exposing himself to a shopper at a Walmart in Porter.  According to the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office, they responded to a report of indecent exposure at the Walmart located in the 23500 block of Highway 59 on Monday.  Upon arrival, deputies said they found out a man exposed his genitals to a woman who was shopping inside the store.  Deputies have described the suspect as black, in his early to mid 20s and having hazel eyes. They said he is between 5 feet 9 inches to 6 feet tall. He also has a mole on his face and facial hair along his jaw line.  He was last seen wearing a dark colored jacket, gray sweat pants and a dark baseball cap.  If you know anything about the suspect, please contact MCSO at 936-760-5800 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-392-7867.    © 2017 KHOU-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Houston dad, pizza shop owner makes emotional public plea Grand jury could hear beating case this week More than 150 marijuana plants seized from vacant home HPD: Woman admits to drugging underage girl to have sex with boyfriend Family warns of "dry drowning" after son dies days after swimming Family praying for charges in Denny's beating VERIFY: Can fidget spinners kill your kids? Army serviceman upset over pricey toll bill Raw: Attorney releases witness video in connection with fatal beating Local bar to open early, host watch party for Comey testimony Thursday More Stories James Comey testimony: Fired FBI director to brief… Jun. 8, 2017, 3:34 a.m. Motorcyclist dies after hitting curb, crashing on E.… Jun. 8, 2017, 4:42 a.m. HPD arrests 2, searching another suspect after chase… Jun. 8, 2017, 5:09 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Home News Business Crime Watch 8 Entertainment I-Team 8 Indiana News Local News National Photos Politics Strange Traffic Web Link 8 World Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live 62° F Few Clouds Hi: 77° F Lo: 57° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Business Crime Watch 8 Entertainment I-Team 8 Indiana News Local News National Photos Politics Strange Traffic Web Link 8 World Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines United Airlines bumping fewer from flights Updated: 27 mins ago The airline says bumping passengers from flights is down 79 percent. Upcoming conference celebrates Indiana’s entrepreneurs Updated: 37 mins ago The conference gets underway Tuesday June 13 and runs through Friday, June 16. New attraction to debut at 2017 Indiana State Fair Updated: 51 mins ago Upcoming legislation could put an end to ‘lunch shaming’ in public schools Updated: 17 mins ago Study suggests grandparents may use dangerous out-of-date parents practices 6:57 am Weather Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Current Conditions 62° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 62° F Wind: NE 9 Humidity: 62% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 6:16 AM Sunset: 9:10 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live Search for: Search the site 62° F Few Clouds Hi: 77° F Lo: 57° F Police: Mom used pliers to remove son’s teeth in Walmart bathroom KUCW Staff Reports Published: June 6, 2017, 4:16 pm Updated: June 6, 2017, 8:45 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Good 4 Utah Photo) AMERICAN FORK, Utah (KUCW) — Police call it “child abuse in its purest form.” A Utah woman faces child abuse charges after police say she pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom. Police say on April 2, Jeannine Cherilynn Isom went into Walmart and bought hand sanitizer and needle nose pliers.  According to police, she took her 7-year-old son into the restroom and pulled out two of his teeth with the pliers. “She proceeded to use the needle nose pliers to extract both teeth, both of his upper front teeth in his mouth,” said Sgt. Sgt. Cameron Paul with American Fork Police. The boy’s older brother and a store employee reported hearing the child screaming and yelling. Probable cause documents state Isom did not use any type of anesthetic when she pulled the boy’s teeth. He said “one was loose and the other was only a little loose” and he was reportedly crying the entire time his mother was pulling his teeth. “There was only one that was just a tiny bit loose. The other one was not,” said Paul. “When she proceeded to extract them, they didn’t come out in one whole piece. There were multiple pieces. So that illustrates that they were still very attached to this child’s mouth.” Isom was charged with one count of child abuse, a second degree felony for “intentionally or knowingly inflict serious physical injury upon a child.” Never miss another Facebook post from WISH-TV Share this: Facebook Google Email Print More Pinterest Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Woman accused of beating toddler, saying she wanted to kill him Mom defends decision to let snake bite her baby Special ed teacher arrested for allegedly biting student Police: Woman locked her kids in car trunk while she shopped Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Watch Live: WISH News on Daybreak Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart launches automated grocery kiosk Walmart is once again raising the stakes in the online grocery game.   Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented BJ's adds former Belk and Dick's Sporting Goods execs to its leadership team Five in-store amenities helping to drive traffic and engagement And the Store of the Year is... Walmart leverages ‘employees’ for last-mile delivery initiative Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Whole Foods Market disappoints Solutions Spotlight The New Era of "Responsive Retail" As the Internet of Things continues to drive the next era of retail, companies need to be ready to embrace these technologies as a means of meeting its digital shoppers’ evolving demands. This webinar from Intel will delve into how its new platform will deliver business value through improved inventory accuracy, advanced human capital and a new level of engagement. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: E-commerce fraud is declining — but the battle continues E-commerce fraud as a percent of sales dollars may be on the decline, however... Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… New attitudes, behaviors and shopping preferences among Generation Z and... Report: Facebook caters to hungry members There’s a new Facebook service that users are sure to “like:... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Acquisition, sourcing strength help UNFI overcome headwinds Jun 07, 2017 Tops stepping up promotions after traffic decrease, larger loss in Q1 Jun 07, 2017 Amazon cuts Prime rate for shoppers on assistance Jun 06, 2017 Lidl to partner with Klum in fashion collection Jun 06, 2017 Suit accuses Dollar Tree of ‘killing’ Dollar Express spinoff Jun 05, 2017 Featured Viewpoint: Competition from deep discounters will strengthen industry May 31, 2017 9 Lidl sites make U.S. debut June 15 May 30, 2017 Meat promotions sizzling again May 26, 2017 Junquiero to retire from Save Mart May 24, 2017 10 Items or Less brought to you by Walmart U.S. Chief Merchandising Officer Steve Bratspies. Top Retailers>Walmart How Walmart got its swagger back Jon Springer | Jun 06, 2017 This post is part of the Ten Items or Less blog. In a presentation designed to pump up 4,000 visiting employees of Wal-Mart Stores for the summer selling season, U.S. Chief Merchandising Officer Steve Bratspies, standing on a stage at Bud Walton Arena, highlighted his predictions for hot products this summer including sneakers with flashing lights in their soles, Caramel M&Ms, pool floats in shapes like bacon and cupcakes and a pop-up “instant cabin tent” with stitched-in LED lighting that he said could assemble in less than 60 seconds. Bratspies pulled out a stopwatch while some assistants put that last claim to test on stage during Walmart’s U.S. Associates meeting last week in Fayetteville, Ark., only to see a tent pole fail after a minute had passed and the half-assembled unit dragged off the stage like a Gong-Show reject, practically begging the few dozen of us journalists bused in to witness the event to dream up ways to work a folded-tent metaphor for Walmart’s annual Shareholders Week events. Only, that didn’t really happen. Walmart, more so than in any of the past years I’ve attended their annual event, came off with a palpable sense of confidence and competence, as the momentum of its remarkable reinvention has continued to gain steam, the tent collapse notwithstanding. As I wrote about from Arkansas last week, the company highlighted benefits of a new and much-needed training initiative, shared details of a growing grocery delivery business at Jet.com, highlighted creative new ways it was exploring to attack online order fulfillment costs, and showed off a number of new food offerings it was sourcing, tracking and preparing in efficient new ways. Stitching together all of those things was a thread of physical and digital integration that officials have talked about achieving for years at this meeting but had never before appeared as real. The training and in-store execution demonstrated this year, for example, was supported by virtual reality units in the classroom and a new suite of apps accessible on employee handhelds in stores. Jet’s acquisition last year, and its delivery of a “gamified” pricing initiative, is seeping into Walmart.com and helped to fuel eye-popping 63% quarterly e-commerce sales gains after so many quarters of Walmart having of lagged the online sales growth of peers. Even the test of store employee home delivery was a efficiency-enriched technology play, and delivered at startup speed: The sign-up and delivery (and I’d assume, the pay) process is all encased in GPS-enabled app geared only to assign employees who live south of town to a make a delivery in that direction. As Barclays analyst Karen Short remarked in a research note following a meeting with analysts also held as part of the event, Walmart has transitioned from “fixing to leading.” U.S. Chief Marketing Officer Tony Rogers (left) put it another way: “We got a little swagger back.” I’d remark that for all I heard about apps and efficiency this time around I heard less about price itself than was typical at this event in the past but as CEO Doug McMillon said in his address at the shareholders meeting “the trade-off between price and service doesn’t exist anymore.” Still, we can’t overlook this is all happening as U.S. food retailers adjust to a newly aggressive pricing posture from Walmart, and the industry, Walmart included, prepares to do battle in a grocery landscape that looks to be increasingly influenced in the years ahead by hard-discounters. I asked McMillon about how prepared he felt Walmart was for this — and how having experienced a similar market shift in Europe would play to its strategy. “In the U.S., we saw this coming and started working on our private brand specs and other things very early on, so I think we’re better positioned [than Asda was],” he replied. “I’d say we still have work to do on fresh presentation, and in some cases the rotation and the overall management of fresh, but we’re working hard on that and making progress.” It is hard to imagine Walmart’s preparation, momentum and new swagger won’t help to sustain it. So could a Lidl-Aldi influenced world actually be good thing for Walmart? Put it this way: They're not exactly folding their tents. “Competition is good for the customer,” McMillon said, “ and over time it’s made us better.” TAGS: Retail & Financial Online Retail 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Gallery: Inside Walmart’s Culinary Innovation CenterJun 07, 2017 Walmart testing associate home deliveryJun 02, 2017 Walmart: Blockchain tech a boon for food safetyJun 01, 2017 Walmart: Happy employees sparking sales momentumJun 01, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Why Amazon's New Service Should Scare Every Single Dollar Store Known to Man, and Walmart Giovanni Bruno Jun 6, 2017 1:32 PM EDT Amazon.com (AMZN) said Tuesday that it will start offering discounts to members of its Prime subscription service who receive U.S. government aid.  The initiative directly takes aim at Amazon rival Walmart (WMT) , the biggest recipient of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), with at least one in five Walmart consumers paying via food stamps. Dollar stores such as Dollar General (DG) and Dollar Tree (DLTR) , which also accept food stamps, could also be hurt by Amazon's new approach.  Seattle-based Amazon said it would offer the $10.99 per month Prime service for $5.99 per month to those receiving government assistance including welfare and food stamps. Shares of Amazon were rising slightly on Tuesday.  (Amazon.com is held in the Growth Seeker portfolio. See all of the holdings with a free trial ). Read More Trending Articles: Need a Vacation? Visit One of These U.S. Destinations Tesla Has Something 'Awesome' Coming That Could Send Its Stock to Even Higher Records AMD Has Suddenly Become One of the Most Explosive Stocks in the Market -- Here's Why 'I Am Positioned Aggressively for a Stock Market Correction,' Says Doug Kass If you liked this article you might like Amazon Loaned $1 Billion to Small Businesses to Stimulate Sales Over 20,000 small businesses have received loans from Amazon. Amanda Schiavo Jun 8, 2017 8:54 AM EDT Beware, Financials Are Going Their Own Way A potential breakdown in the sector is looming. Ed Ponsi Jun 8, 2017 8:30 AM EDT Market Recon: Forget James Comey and Theresa May -- Here's What You Should Worry About Thursday seemed a lot scarier earlier in the week than it does now. Stephen Guilfoyle Jun 8, 2017 7:18 AM EDT Alibaba Set For Record Open as Investors Go Berserk After Sales Forecasts Crush Estimates Alibaba Group shares are set to open at a record high Thursday after China's biggest e-commerce company forecast another massive surge in full year revenues. Lisa Botter Jun 8, 2017 7:08 AM EDT Trending Citi Says Nvidia Could Explode 100% to $300 a Share -- Here's Why Stocks Set to Rise on a Super-Charged Thursday, ECB Holds Rates Steady, U.S. Jobless Claims Fall 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores Wall Street Is Now Betting a Mind-Blowing $1 Billion That Snapchat Is a Big Disappointment 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Thursday Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing Can Retailers Escape the Scourge of Free Shipping? Jun 06, 2017 Strategic Management North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Marketing Content If retailers are hurting today, among the wounds — both self-inflicted and imposed from outside — is free shipping. On the demand side, customers are increasingly expecting free delivery and even free returns. The problem for retailers, of course, is that free shipping cuts deeply into profits. The innovation bubbled up as a way to get customers comfortable with the idea that online shopping could be no more expensive than physical visits — that it leveled the online total purchase tab with the physical-store receipt. It worked. The customer has moved online, and now retailers find themselves on the horn of a dilemma. The cost of free shipping to retailers is high, but the cost of yielding loyalty and market share to a competitor is even higher. How did retailers get here? “One of the first online retailers was Zappos,” says Wharton marketing professor Barbara E. Kahn, who is also director of Wharton’s Jay. H. Baker Retailing Center. “People had thought no one would buy shoes online, because you have to try them on, but Zappos started free shipping and free returns, so that let people buy a size bigger and a size smaller, and free shipping and free returns minimized the risk. That set up the expectation of free shipping. For most of the legacy retailers, because of the costs of the delivery and the returns, they frequently make less money online than in physical stores. The costs are very high.” Now, among the retailers offering free shipping are Dell, Kate Spade, L.L.Bean, Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom. Last holiday season, Target and Best Buy introduced free shipping, and retailers are reporting that the point at which they often lose an online customer is at the very end of the transaction — when shipping costs get added. So, what now? Given that online shopping is woven into habit for most U.S. shoppers, might retailers be able to cut out free shipping? “It might be too hard to walk that back now,” says Wharton marketing professor Peter Fader. “But there are so many areas costing retailers even more — promotions they run — that they should be trying to wean themselves off of.” Instead, retailers will probably have to find other ways of recouping the cost of free shipping. Ironically, the answer may lie in a phenomenon best illustrated by Amazon, which is of course the source of much of the scramble for market share. Amazon refers to its Prime service as a way to get “fast, free shipping and more,” and many customers themselves refer to the service as being free. But of course, they are paying $10.99 a month or $99 per year for their “free shipping.” People are good at creating “different mental accounts,” explains Fader. “They keep one account for membership and they are paying for membership, and that is coded entirely separately from this transaction. They are part of the club and they forget about the fee. It’s very clever on Amazon’s part, surrounding the customer with benefits that give the impression that the company has your best interest at heart. People like this.” “Free shipping is certainly one aspect of how Amazon has recalibrated our consumer brains, to be honest,” says retail futurist Doug Stephens, author of The Retail Revival. Stephens says that Amazon innovations like quick and efficient searches, intelligent recommendations based on prior browsing history, fast and free shipping and making consumers increasingly reliant on online reviews “fundamentally changed our wiring as consumers” to such an extent that “many experiences we have with other retailers seem somehow dissonant now.” “Free shipping is certainly one aspect of how Amazon has recalibrated our consumer brains, to be honest.”–Doug Stephens Fast, Cheap and Out of Control Studies and surveys show that customers increasingly want their stuff, they want it now, and they don’t want to pay extra. The number of customers who said they would pay nothing extra for next-day delivery increased to 38% from 22% between 2015 and 2016, according to a September Deloitte online survey published in the Wall Street Journal. The number willing to pay more for same-day delivery showed a similar increase in resistance, with 32% in 2016 saying they would not pay extra, up from 24% in 2015. Sponsored Content: One study found free shipping to be the top incentive to online buying, “with almost nine in 10 consumers reporting that free shipping would make them shop more online,” according to a survey by Walker Sands Communications of 1,400 U.S. consumers. “This number has steadily increased over the past two years and has become significantly more influential than other logistics considerations, even as same-day shipping becomes more prominent,” says the firm in its “Future of Retail 2016” white paper. Exactly how much is free shipping eating into profits? Jerry Storch, CEO of Hudson’s Bay Company, which includes Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue, has pointed to the high costs as well as the larger, fundamental problem of e-commerce: “The economics are clear,” he said at the Shoptalk conference in 2016. “Direct-to-home has a supply chain cost three times higher than a store-based model. So, when we say the internet retailer can charge less, how can that be? Maybe this is why so many of us have so much trouble emulating Amazon’s model and making any money. It’s because it’s really expensive and it is also why Amazon [has] had trouble making money on merchandising sales. It’s a very expensive model and it’s not less expensive than the store-based model.” The expectation for free shipping, and the heightened awareness around price generally, is something retailers brought on themselves, says Fader. “The reason we are having this conversation is because it’s a race to the bottom. Anything that retailers do that calls attention to price is not in their best interest. That plays to Amazon’s strength, and most retailers can’t win that battle.” Amazon and other mega-retailers can negotiate lower shipping rates than smaller retailers, and Amazon Prime U.S. membership has doubled in the past two years, to an estimated 80 million members. Prime carries an increasing number of benefits, and Prime members spend more than non-Prime customers: an estimated $1,300 versus $700 per year, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. “Free shipping is not going away since Amazon knows that it is painful to them but much more debilitating for their competitors,” says Wharton emeritus marketing professor Stephen J. Hoch. “Amazon Prime is a two-part tariffs pricing policy, where Amazon sells stuff for close to cost and makes all their profit on the fixed membership fee, just like Costco. And free shipping is just another cost that Amazon absorbs in order to get the flat fee and longer term loyalty.” “Free shipping is not going away since Amazon knows that it is painful to them but much more debilitating for their competitors.”–Stephen J. Hoch Very specialized sellers don’t compete with Amazon and so should have little trouble passing on shipping costs to their buyers, Hoch adds. “I might also point out that, due to huge investments in logistics and IT along with massive scale, Amazon’s shipping costs are likely significantly lower than most competitors – even Walmart.” While Amazon invests in the delivery fleet of the future, Walmart has fired a low-tech salvo in the struggle between the two retailers. It recently started a pilot program in which store employees drop off online orders to customers on their way home from work. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go,” a Walmart spokesman told The Washington Post. How Fun Can Be Better Than Free One way in which retailers might be able to side-step the free-delivery trap is to give customers another system of options and incentives — “to try to get the customer once again to bear the cost of that last mile,” says Kahn, “so even if you are shopping online, if you pick it up in person in the store, that saves a lot of money.” Another option, she suggests, is giving customers a better price on an item if they are willing to wait until a delivery truck is already scheduled to come to a particular neighborhood. Ultimately, says Kahn, “the competition is going to be at the platform level. For example, if you tell Alexa you’re out of milk, then you’re going to be getting it from Amazon — when consumers shop for things that need to be replenished, it will be a big advantage when a voice recognition system is in the house, particularly if it gets to the point where everything is automatically delivered. Once people are locked into a system, it’s a loyalty loop; if Amazon — or Google or Facebook — can make shopping super-convenient, and deliver items easily when you need them at a competitive price, people will stop going to the physical stores for these kinds of items.” But another big way retailers can alleviate the burden of free shipping, and take on Amazon, is by doing what the best of them have done well for so long: making shopping a joyful experience. Amazon is all about efficiency. Even its bricks-and-mortar stores telegraph this ethos. Like the website, the new Amazon bookstore model is cheaper for Prime customers — again, highlighting price — and stocks only 3,000 of the most popular titles. The store serves as both a big advertisement for Prime and a tidy way for Amazon to eliminate some of its own cost of free shipping. It has not been getting good reviews. “Amazon’s first bookstore in New York City sucks the joy out of buying books,” was the headline on one recent review of the experience at the relatively small (4,000-square-foot) store on Columbus Circle. “For the most part, the layout creates clutter that mirrors Amazon’s own site, except without the ease of actually getting the book you want quickly and cheaply,” writes Thu-Huong Ha in Quartz. “They’ve taken the fun and joy and treasure-hunt aspect out of retailing, and made it into this cold, calculating science, and you just don’t want to play that game.”–Peter Fader “They’ve taken the fun and joy and treasure-hunt aspect out of retailing, and made it into this cold, calculating science, and you just don’t want to play that game,” says Fader about Amazon generally, pointing to the AEIOUs of retailing as a means of focusing on what matters to shoppers. A is for advice, which great sales people are skilled at offering; E is for experiential value, such as providing snacks or samples as customers browse a pleasant, attractive store environment; I is for interaction, as in with humans, who might be specially trained to provide different service levels for the best customers; O is for opportunities that are often missed online that misinterpret past buying histories to make inappropriate recommendations or that miss cross-selling opportunities; and U is for understanding, which traditional retailers often don’t gather efficiently from their own salespeople about what customers are looking for and how the experience might be improved. “There’s no P for price in there,” says Fader. “It’s a matter of creating a competing proposition that people just want to buzz about. Part of that is experiential, making it a joy to interact with that company, and part of it is going to be personalization — the kinds of things Amazon does not want to do that could raise costs.” In other words, says Fader, it’s about retailers sending the message to the customer: “We anticipate your needs, it’s not just about efficiency and price.” The extent to which retailers are being threatened by free shipping depends on which end of the spectrum a retailer positions a brand, says Stephens. “Right now, there are two kinds of shopping — fast shopping and slow shopping. Fast is commodity items, as in it’s 10 at night and I’m in my pajamas and I want to find what I need from Amazon. And I think there is a place for fast shopping. It’s about breadth of assortment, ease of finding it, and how cheaply you can get it.” If you go up against Amazon, then fast and free shipping is an essential arrow in the quiver, Stephens says, and Walmart is being drawn into that fight. “But if you’re a brand about slow shopping, it’s about having a rich, immersive, tactile and maybe even emotionally connected experience, and then the emphasis is taken off [of free shipping],” Stephens notes. “Some customers might abandon their cart when it comes to paying for shipping, but many will say it’s worth the difference.” Which companies have been good at differentiating themselves? Stephens believes Sephora succeeds. “You could argue that cosmetics are commodity items,” he says. “They don’t necessarily sell things that can’t be purchased elsewhere, but they’ve managed to create an experience online and in stores that is elevated compared to the Amazon experience.” He notes that Sephora has strong content, good technology in stores and “they hire true brand ambassadors – not just salespeople who are half there. They get customers to bypass Amazon and go to the store itself.” “Amazon is not the end of competition, or the end of fun. People still have a need for that. And that’s what it should be.”–Barbara Kahn Kahn agrees that experience is critical. “Amazon is positioned to take over these kinds of basic-need items. They offer large assortment, convenience and fair prices,” she says. “But I think people will still find value and fun in shopping, or they will respond to a cool new brand. The value added could be experiential or aesthetic, something different that will attract people, and consumers will go to that.” With Amazon, we really are in a paradigm shift in terms of change in shopping behavior, Kahn adds. “Long ago, Walmart broke the mold and radically changed the grocery business, and the big box stores broke the mold. But Amazon is not the end of competition, or the end of fun. People still have a need for that. And that’s what it should be. Shopping is not always about just pushing a button and then something arrives on your doorstep. People will still enjoy ‘retail therapy.’” Kahn also doubts that free shipping is going away, but says the economics of it will be hard to sustain without some mitigating factor. “I do think there will be some kind of shake out,” she says, “and then it’s maybe you get free shipping, but you are paying a subscription price, or the price is built in somewhere else. It’s like the way you are lured into a store to get some incredible discount on something for sale, and then there is a higher premium on the other things you bought along with the sale item. You get free shipping, but the margins come from somewhere else.” Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Can Retailers Escape the Scourge of Free Shipping?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 06 June, 2017. Web. 08 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/scourge-free-shipping/> APA Can Retailers Escape the Scourge of Free Shipping?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, June 06). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/scourge-free-shipping/ Chicago "Can Retailers Escape the Scourge of Free Shipping?" Knowledge@Wharton, June 06, 2017, accessed June 08, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/scourge-free-shipping/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing Who Will Survive the Retail Reckoning of 2017? The struggles of traditional retailers have dominated headlines in 2017. Those who emerge from the wreckage will be the brands that successfully transform the customer experience. Marketing Is Testosterone to Blame for Bad Decisions? Elevated testosterone may lead people to make worse decisions and be less likely to question their impulses, new Wharton research finds. Sponsored Content Leveraging Customer Analytics: The Airline Industry Wharton professor and analytics expert Peter Fader joins WNS executive Raj SivaKumar to discuss the power of harnessing customer analytics for business success in the airline industry.   Join The Discussion No Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Spring Observer Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Walmart robbery, bite attack in Spring has new suspect thanks to DNA hit By Dana Guthrie, Chron.com / Houston Chronicle June 6, 2017 Photo: Harris County Constable Precinct 4 Image 1of/36 Caption Close Image 1 of 36 Larry Dean Robertson, Jr., 24, is wanted for robbery with bodily injury in a 2014 case in the Spring area. Investigators identified Robertson as a suspect in the case after a DNA match on June 2, 2017.  Click through the slideshow to see other fugitives sought by Houston-area law enforcement.  less Larry Dean Robertson, Jr., 24, is wanted for robbery with bodily injury in a 2014 case in the Spring area. Investigators identified Robertson as a suspect in the case after a DNA match on June 2, 2017.  Click ... more Photo: Harris County Constable Precinct 4 Image 2 of 36 Pauline Smith is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of robbery causing bodily injury. Her warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Pauline Smith is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of robbery causing bodily injury. Her warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 3 of 36 Kristopher Turner of Pasadena is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of robbery causing bodily injury. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Kristopher Turner of Pasadena is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of robbery causing bodily injury. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 4 of 36 Antoinette Stevenson is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of tampering government record. Her warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Antoinette Stevenson is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of tampering government record. Her warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 5 of 36 Gerald Fears of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of injury to a child under 15. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Gerald Fears of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of injury to a child under 15. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 6 of 36 Florentino Ipina of Channelview is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of endangering a child. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Florentino Ipina of Channelview is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of endangering a child. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 7 of 36 Forrest Burgess of Pearland is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Forrest Burgess of Pearland is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 8 of 36 Eyller Castillo of Cypress is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of habitation. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Eyller Castillo of Cypress is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of habitation. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 9 of 36 Charles Miller of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of forgery. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Charles Miller of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of forgery. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 10 of 36 Jorge Sanchez-Solano of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Jorge Sanchez-Solano of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 3, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 11 of 36 Richard Patterson of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Richard Patterson of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 12 of 36 Silva Salvador of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Silva Salvador of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 13 of 36 Jessica Bello of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of endangering a child. Her warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Jessica Bello of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of endangering a child. Her warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 14 of 36 Willie McNulty of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of a habitation. His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Willie McNulty of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of a habitation. His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 15 of 36 Sharell Jefferson of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of forgery. Her warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Sharell Jefferson of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of forgery. Her warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 16 of 36 Trevien Thomas of Fresno is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated sexual assault of a child between the ages of 14-17.  His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Trevien Thomas of Fresno is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated sexual assault of a child between the ages of 14-17.  His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 17 of 36 Roshinia Youngblood of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of injury to a child under 15. Her warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Roshinia Youngblood of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of injury to a child under 15. Her warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 18 of 36 Eduardo Alvarez of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Eduardo Alvarez of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 10, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 19 of 36 Maria Dones of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Her arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Maria Dones of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Her arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 20 of 36 Gloria Fortune of Cypress is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of robbery-bodily injury. Her arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Gloria Fortune of Cypress is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of robbery-bodily injury. Her arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 21 of 36 Antonio Gaona of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of tamper of government records. His arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Antonio Gaona of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of tamper of government records. His arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 22 of 36 Philip Amick of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of failure to comply as a sex offender. His arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Philip Amick of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of failure to comply as a sex offender. His arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 23 of 36 Mihaela Chiciu of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of endangering a child. Her arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Mihaela Chiciu of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of endangering a child. Her arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 24 of 36 Lucresia Nelson of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of endangering a child. Her arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Lucresia Nelson of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of endangering a child. Her arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 25 of 36 David Parrish of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. David Parrish of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 26 of 36 Johnny Rodgers of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of habitation. His arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Johnny Rodgers of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of habitation. His arrest warrant is active as of May, 17, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 27 of 36 Theodore Rodriguez of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault of a family member. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Theodore Rodriguez of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault of a family member. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 28 of 36 Ronald Saddler of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Ronald Saddler of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 29 of 36 Khalon Alexander of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of a habitation. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Khalon Alexander of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of a habitation. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 30 of 36 Antonio Chavez of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault of family member. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Antonio Chavez of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault of family member. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 31 of 36 Eric Foster of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of evading arrest and detention. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Eric Foster of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of evading arrest and detention. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 32 of 36 Charles Jones of Zephyr Hill, Florida, is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Charles Jones of Zephyr Hill, Florida, is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 33 of 36 Ibrahim Kassim of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Ibrahim Kassim of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 34 of 36 Chaquida Ramirez of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Chaquida Ramirez of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 35 of 36 Dujuan Jennings of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of habitation. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Dujuan Jennings of Houston is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of burglary of habitation. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Image 36 of 36 Benigno Gallegos of La Porte is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated sexual assault of child under 14. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Benigno Gallegos of La Porte is wanted by the Houston Police Department on a charge of aggravated sexual assault of child under 14. His warrant is active as of May 24, 2017. Photo: Houston Police Department Walmart robbery, bite attack in Spring has new suspect thanks to DNA hit 1 / 36 Back to Gallery Investigators in Spring are looking for a suspect who allegedly bit a woman while robbing her in a Walmart parking lot in 2014. The three-year-old case has a new lead after a DNA sample from the robbery scene was matched to a recent hit in the Combined DNA Index System Database, Harris County Pct. 4 Constable Mark Herman's Office said Tuesday, June 6. ONLINE DATING THEFTS: Man accused of stealing from women arrested in Texas The constable's office is now on the hunt for Larry Dean Robertson, Jr., 24, who has been charged with robbery with bodily injury, a second degree felony.  On Jan. 8, 2014, the victim was loading groceries into her vehicle in the parking lot of Walmart, 21150 Kuykendahl Road, when she was attacked, the constable's office said.  TEXAS CITY BUST: Galveston County investigation nets 34 guns, drugs The victim said the suspect approached her, attempted to steal her purse and bit her on the wrist.  DNA evidence was collected at the scene by Herman's investigators and sent to the Harris County Institute of Forensic Sciences for analysis.  Robertson's bond is set at $20,000. Anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to call the contsable's office at 281-376-3472.   Dana Guthrie Digital Producer, Chron.com / Houston Chronicle Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2017 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article JP Morgan Slashes Its 2018 Oil Price Forecast By $11 Analysts are revising their forecasts Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Do You Know What's Being Deducted From Your Paycheck? Knowing will help you budget My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Dow Movers: WMT, XOM June 06, 2017, 10:12:43 AM EDT By MarketNewsVideo.com, BNK Invest Shutterstock photo In early trading on Tuesday, shares of Exxon Mobil ( XOM ) topped the list of the day's best performing Dow Jones Industrial Average components, trading up 0.6%. Year to date, Exxon Mobil has lost about 10.7% of its value. And the worst performing Dow component thus far on the day is Wal-Mart Stores ( WMT ), trading down 1.0%. Wal-Mart Stores is showing a gain of 15.0% looking at the year to date performance. Two other components making moves today are American Express ( AXP ), trading down 0.6%, and Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ), trading up 0.5% on the day. VIDEO: Dow Movers: WMT, XOM The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Investing Ideas Referenced Symbols: XOM , WMT , AXP , JNJ More from BNK Invest Subscribe 10 Bargains You Can Buy Cheaper Than Insiders Did 10 Stocks Crossing Below Book Value 10 Oversold Stocks You Need To Know About Related Investing Ideas Articles Subscribe Jobless Claims Remain Elevated for Second Week 6/08/2017 08:53 AM Target (TGT): The Perfect Mix of Value and Rising Earnings Estimates? 6/08/2017 08:48 AM Why You Shouldn't Bet Against TICC Capital (TICC) Stock 6/08/2017 08:47 AM Contributor: BNK Invest Market News, Investing Follow on: Most Popular Highest Rated Nasdaq Halts Wins Finance Holdings Inc. UK police name third London attacker, Italy says was flagged in BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Macy's, Wins Finance, G-III Apparel RPT-Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Broadcom Ltd. (AVGO) Has Jumped To A New High On Strong Q2 Earnings Infinera Cloud Xpress 2 Now Generally Available and Deployed in... REFILE-PRECIOUS-Gold holds near 7-mth high as political worries buoy... NV5 Acquires Leading Northeast MEP Engineering Design Firm, RDK... Rexahn Pharmaceuticals Presents Preliminary Efficacy Data from the... Loxo Oncology Breakthrough Therapy Larotrectinib Demonstrates 76... View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced XOM 80% Rate It WMT 71% Rate It AXP 63% Rate It JNJ 83% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 63° F Overcast Hi: 67° F Lo: 62° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 6 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines Officials providing tour of Norfolk Premium Outlets today Updated: 12 mins ago With three weeks to go until the grand opening, officials are providing a tour of Norfolk Premium Outlets to members of the media. The Latest: Cosby arrives at courthouse for 4th day of trial Updated: 24 mins ago NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on the sexual assault case against Bill Cosby (all times local): 8:50 a.m. Bill Cosby has arrived at a cou… South Carolina deputy shoots, wounds burglary suspect Updated: 44 mins ago Suspected serial killer offered plea deal by prosecutors Updated: 44 mins ago Singer Phil Collins cancels show after hotel room fall Updated: 46 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 63° F Overcast Feels Like: 63° F Wind: ENE 14 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 5:45 AM Sunset: 8:23 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Three generations, one baseball family at Menchville High School June 7, 2017 Philip Forbes III, the head coach at Menchville for 26 years, has enjoyed the season with his son and grandson wearing the same uniform. Rested Palmer disputes perception he’s ‘over-the-hill’ Updated: 10 mins ago TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — The national perception seems to be that Carson Palmer’s skills have eroded with age, that he’s lost some zip off his fa… Packers sign undrafted rookie free agent CB Daquan Holmes June 7, 2017 Police investigating assault complaint against Rex Ryan June 7, 2017 Plenty of cap room again when Rodgers negotiations begin June 7, 2017 HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines The Buzz: Hot Dog Contest June 7, 2017 Chris talked with Joey “Jaws” Chestnut about the Nathan’s Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest located at Harborfest. Celebrating Graduates! June 7, 2017 Get the scoop on graduation at Bryant & Stratton College and prepare for school in the fall. Get Your Home Ready to Sell June 7, 2017 Your Weekend Plans Include Music, Brews & Tall Ships June 7, 2017 In The Kitchen: Soul Rolls June 7, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 63° F Overcast Hi: 67° F Lo: 62° F Police: Utah mom used pliers to remove son’s teeth in Walmart bathroom SIMONE FRANCIS, ABC 4 Utah Published: June 6, 2017, 12:05 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Collage: ABC 4 News Utah. AMERICAN FORK, Utah (ABC4 Utah) — Police call it “child abuse in its purest form.” A Utah woman faces child abuse charges after police say she pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom. Police say on April 2, Jeannine Cherilynn Isom went into Walmart and bought hand sanitizer and needle nose pliers.  According to police, she took her 7-year-old son into the restroom and pulled out two of his teeth with the pliers. “She proceeded to use the needle nose pliers to extract both teeth, both of his upper front teeth in his mouth,” said Sgt. Cameron Paul with American Fork Police. The boy’s older brother and a store employee reported hearing the child screaming and yelling. Probable cause documents state Isom did not use any type of anesthetic when she pulled the boy’s teeth. He said “one was loose and the other was only a little loose” and he was reportedly crying the entire time his mother was pulling his teeth. “There was only one that was just a tiny bit loose. The other one was not,” said Paul. “When she proceeded to extract them, they didn’t come out in one whole piece. There were multiple pieces. So that illustrates that they were still very attached to this child’s mouth,” added Paul. Isom was charged with one count of child abuse, a second-degree felony for “intentionally or knowingly inflict serious physical injury upon a child.” Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Police: Woman locked her kids in car trunk while she shopped Mother, stepfather charged with child abuse, neglect in Norfolk American tries to learn from United’s mistakes in incident Man accused of killing daughter’s mother appears in court Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Subscribe log in Site Site Archive June Patriot Poker Run is Saturday, June 24 Tuesday Jun 6, 2017 at 9:05 AM The June Patriot Poker Run for all street legal motorcycles will be held on Saturday, June 24, and will start from the Yreka Wal Mart parking lot at 10 a.m. The June Patriot Poker Run for all street legal motorcycles will be held on Saturday, June 24, and will start from the Yreka Wal Mart parking lot at 10 a.m. This month’s Poker Run will be approximately 165 miles and will run along the Klamath and Scott rivers and through Scott Valley to Gazelle, Edgewood, Shastina then Montague and back into Yreka. A registration donation of $10 is requested for each bike, which will be donated to the Siskiyou County Veterans Commission veterans cemetery project and then $5 for each poker hand. The rider with the best hand will be awarded a cash prize. This event is coordinated and sponsored by the Yreka Masonic Lodge Lions Paw chapter of the International Riders Organization, “the Widows Sons.” Members of the County Veterans Commission and the Widows Sons invite all motorcycle riders from the area to enjoy the ride for a great cause. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile E-edition Online Forms Archives Place Classified Ad Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Real Estate Automotive Coupons Shopping Community Info California Road Report Oregon Road Report Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Mount Shasta Herald Dunsmuir News The Weed Press Medford Mail-Tribune Ashland Daily-Tribune The SuperSaver Advertiser Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Siskiyou Daily News, Yreka, CA ~ 309 S Broadway, Yreka, CA 96097 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber My Profile E-edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot June 8, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Content  >   How to scale web design to improve page loading speed How to scale web design to improve page loading speed Content Development 06 Jun 17 | Ryan Boachie Facebook0 Linkedin39 Google+19 Twitter 58 You might be thinking, what’s the fuss about website speed? What is important about the average page loading speed? According to Aberdeen Group, a 1-second delay in page load time yields: 11% fewer page views A 16% decrease in customer satisfaction A 7% loss in conversions Amazon reported an increased revenue of 1% for every 100 milliseconds improvement to their website speed while Walmart, also found that every 1-second increase in page speed resulted in a 2% increase in conversions. Source The speed of your website additionally impacts your organic search rankings because Google, since 2010, has included site speed as a signal in its ranking algorithm. Basically, your web page loading speed is very important and determines if you will rank in SERPs. Below are 6 simple but highly effective ways to enhance your web speed immediately by modifying your website design. #1 Optimize images and lazy load everything Some of the most common bandwidth hogs on the web are images. According to HTTP Archive, images now account for 63% of page weight. “As of May [2015], the average web page surpassed the 2 MB mark. This was almost twice the size of the average page, just three years ago.” Source The graph shows a breakdown of what consumes kilobytes the most. Practically all asset types are growing, with the most notable one being images. When creating content, some people make use of large images and then use CSS to scale them down. However, unknown to them, the browser still loads them at full size. For instance, if you scale down an image of 800 x 800 to 80 x 80, the browser will load ten times more. The best way to optimize your images is to compress them into smaller sizes while retaining quality. Using tools such as TinyJPG and Compressor.io, or CMS plugins such as WP Smush It (WordPress) and Imgen (Joomla) for compressing images will guarantee your website loads faster, resulting in better experiences for web visitors and increased conversion rates. Another option is to “lazy load” images and web contents. In essence, you make use of a little bit of JavaScript to find out which images are in or close to the viewport and only download images that the user will likely see. The benefits of Lazy Loading according to Stackpath include: Lazy loading strikes a balance between optimizing content delivery and streamlining the end user’s experience. Users connect to content faster, since only a portion of the website needs to be downloaded when a user first opens it. Businesses see higher customer retention as content is continuously fed to the user, reducing the chances the user will leave the website. Businesses see lower resource costs since the content is only delivered when the user needs it, rather than all at once. #2 Make use of browser caching Setting up browser caching allows you to temporally store data on a site visitor’s computer. This ensures that they don’t have to wait for your web pages (logo, CSS file, and other resources) to load every time they visit your website. Your server-side cache and their browsing configuration determine how long you store the data. Setting up a browser caching on your server can be done by contacting your hosting company or by checking out the following resources: Apache Caching IIS Caching Nginx Caching Leveraging browsers caching is specifying how long web browsers keep CSS, JS, and images stored. Allowing your web pages load much faster for repeat visitors resulting in a smoother experience while navigating and better rankings in SERP’s. Also, installing a cache plugin will have a huge effect on your page loading times. Caching plugins handle this concern by generating a static copy of your content and deliver it to site visitors. This can lessen your page loading time drastically. Caching plugins could help you see around ten times improvement in your overall website performance. An example of caching plugin includes W3 Total Cache. #3 Compress web content Google defines compression as the process of encoding information using fewer bits. Though the latest web browsers support content compression ability, many websites still do not deliver compressed contents. Visitors who visit these websites experience slow interaction with web pages. Major reasons for these unfavorable website behaviors include old or buggy browsers, web proxies, misconfigured host servers, and antivirus software. Uncompressed contents make receiving the web contents and page load time very slow for users who have limited bandwidth. For effective compression tactics to deliver efficient website content, Google recommends the following: 1) Minify, HTML, CSS and JavaScript 2) Make use of consistent code in CSS and HTML with the following method: Use consistent casing – mostly lowercase. Ensure consistent quoting of HTML tag attributes. Indicate HTML attributes in the same order. Indicate CSS key-value pairs in the same order by alphabetizing them.Using tools such as Adobe DreamWeaver and MAMP to create/edit CSS and test run websites locally on your PC respectively. 3) Enable Gzip compression Gzip finds similar strings and code instances and replaces them temporarily with shorter characters.According to Google: “Enabling Gzip compression can reduce the size of the transferred response by up to 90%, which can significantly reduce the amount of time to download the resource, reduce data usage for the client, and improve the time to first render of your pages” #4 Optimize CSS code and delivery The introduction of CSS was a key improvement and has had almost no shortcomings. However, it is essential to consider the impact CSS scripts can have on page speed, particularly when it comes to the representation of a web page. When CSS is delivered inadequately, it results in a delay by the browser in downloading and processing the styling data before it can completely finish rendering to display your web pages to your visitors. This is why it’s vital to optimize CSS delivery and to identify the pitfalls that can slow down your web pages. CSS can be used in several ways by a web page and still work. Given that there are various ways to use it, there are several different CSS setups. Regardless of how you set up on your web pages, your CSS should be aiding your web pages to render faster and not slowing them down. You can make use of different online tools to compress, optimize and clean CSS delivery. Additionally, you can refer to Google’s recommendations on optimizing CSS delivery. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin39 Google+19 Twitter 58 Related articles 5 little-known tools for a holistic digital marketing campaign 6 ways to build a more productive remote content marketing team Google just released verified customer reviews: 3 ways to come out on top 8 technical issues holding your content back #5 Use a very fast hosting company Some time back, I changed my hosting company and the average speed of my sites increased dramatically without changing anything else. That was when I realized that hosting companies are not all equal when it comes to the loading speed of websites. When navigating a website or opening a web page, you are opening files from a remote computer, which is the web server of the hosting company. The faster the remote computer, the faster your web pages can be opened. There are various hosting companies out there for your use. Just ensure that you carry out proper research and read enough reviews of each before deciding to host your site with any of them. When researching for a reliable web hosting company, the most important factors you should look out for include speed/load time, uptime/reliability, customer support and price/value. #6 Deactivate plugins you don’t use Plugins are typically the major reason for slowing down a WordPress-hosted site. Delete plugins that you no longer use or aren’t essential. You can identify plugins that harm your speed by selectively disabling plugins and measuring server performance. Additionally, to speed up the experience of your WordPress site on mobile, check out our guide to Implementing Google AMP on your WordPress site as quickly as possible. Conclusion Users will continue to demand a richer online experience, and there will be faster and cleaner JavaScript, more CSS hacks, and other third-party analytics to increase the size of your pages and weigh down your websites. As an online marketer, you can’t allow this to bog you down. You must regularly strive to scale your web design to improve your page loading speed. A little continuous attention to your website loading speed will go a long way. Remember: as little as a one-second delay in your site loading speed is all it takes to lose a lead. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading What will the future of Google search results pages look like? Recently, we took a nostalgic, infographic-based look back at the history of Google search results pages. In our follow-up infographic, we look into a future where context will define the form and content of the search results pages we see. Development Industry 27 Apr 17 | Clark Boyd A guide to setting up Google Analytics for your WordPress site If you are an enthusiast who is setting up a website or a new blog using WordPress as your CMS, it is highly recommended to set up Google Analytics. This guide will show you exactly how. Analytics Content 19 Apr 17 | Lucy Barret Interview: Why marketers shouldn’t waste their time with Google Posts Michael Bertini, Online Marketing Consultant and Search Strategist at iQuanti, told Search Engine Watch why he thinks that Google has gone off half-cocked with Posts, and why marketers would be better off expending their energies elsewhere. Content Industry Social 13 Apr 17 | Rebecca Sentance “Ubiquitous and seamless”: The future of voice search These are interesting times for voice search, both in terms of its adoption among consumers and its technological development. We have moved ... read more Development Industry Mobile 06 Apr 17 | Clark Boyd Tags image optimization | page loading speed | page speed | site speed | website speed Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/06/06/how-to-scale-web-design-to-improve-page-loading-speed/ Send × Want to stay on top of content marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our content marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse 4 Key WWDC Takeaways From An Apple Bull Merrick Weingarten , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 06, 2017 10:19am   Comments Share: Related AAPL 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday With New Product Announcements, Is Apple Polishing Its Franchise Or Simply Playing Catch-Up? Stocks Fall As FANGs Reverse; Chinese Leader Hits Buy, But Has Flaw (Investor's Business Daily) Related AMZN With New Product Announcements, Is Apple Polishing Its Franchise Or Simply Playing Catch-Up? Forget Trump Or Congress, Amazon May Be The Biggest Threat To Drug Pricing Stock Futures Inch Up; Coca-Cola Gets A Downgrade (Investor's Business Daily) While there were no groundbreaking announcements, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s WWDC keynote address Monday was filled with more product launches than investors anticipated. After the address, Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi rated Apple at Outperform and set a $160 price target. 4 Key Highlights Most of the new product launches seem to be Apple following the leads of other companies, and none of the moves will push them into completely new markets. To see all of the announcements, check out the WWDC keynote recap from Benzinga. 1. HomePod The launch of the Apple HomePod, which is a cross between the Sonos Play 1 and the Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN)'s Echo, according to Sacconaghi, was the biggest announcement at the WWDC. But, the analyst said it only accounting for $0.5 billion–$2 billion in sales (less than 1 percent of Apple's revenue). Comparably, Amazon’s Echo sales are estimated to be about $800 million and Sonos is generating about $1 billion in revenue every year. “The challenge for HomePod will be that it is more expensive ($349), particularly versus the combination of a Sonos Play 1 ($199 – similar in size to a HomePod) and Amazon Echo Dot ($49), both of which have passionate consumer followings,” Sacconaghi said. “Moreover, the HomePod will be marketed more as a speaker than an assistant, and is much later to market than Amazon and Google.” 2. AppStore Redesign Apple announced a redesigned AppStore, as CEO Tim Cook looks to double Services revenue by 2020. The new store will include more content and different gaming tabs in order to make the store more of a destination for its users. 3. Augmented, Virtual Reality: ARKit Apple announced its initial steps regarding augmented and virtual reality strategies. Specifically, Apple launched the ARKit (an augmented reality development kit) and completed its first virtual reality demo. 4. Financials And Important Figures Apple only highlighted a few financial and numerical metrics, but the Bernstein report did note that Apple Music subs are higher than Sacconaghi had estimated. Overall, while the WWDC only provides the world with a glimpse of Apple’s future, Sacconaghi said Apple will continue to move in the right direction. Related Links: Gene Munster Saw Something 'Revolutionary' In Apple's Event That Most Investors Missed Everything You Need To Know From Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference 2017 Keynote Address __________ Image Credit: "Apple HomePod at WWDC 2017" By Nobuyuki Hayashi [CC BY 2.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0)], via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Jun 2017 Pacific Crest Downgrades Overweight Sector Weight Apr 2017 Morgan Stanley Maintains Overweight Overweight Apr 2017 Credit Suisse Maintains Outperform Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas News Topics Events Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) With New Product Announcements, Is Apple Polishing Its Franchise Or Simply Playing Catch-Up? Forget Trump Or Congress, Amazon May Be The Biggest Threat To Drug Pricing Could Elon Musk Replicate An 'Apple-Like' Cross-Platform Experience? That's A Big Risk How Does The Price Of Apple's New HomePod Compare To Its Peers? Paul Meeks Ran The Biggest Tech Fund During The Dot-Com Bubble, And He's Worried About Today's Market Grown From Grain: Peter Brandt To Talk Career, Market Philosophy On PreMarket Prep View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 CLSN, DRD: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 CVGW, CONN: 10 Stocks To Watch For June 6, 2017 3 AFMD, X: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 ANGI, IAC: Analyst: WebMD Buyout Not Aligned With IAC St... 5 GOOGL, AMZN: Even If Apple's New Products... 6 VSTM, AMGN: Notes From ASCO 2017: Te... 7 SIRI, P: Michael Pachter S... 1 MU: Micron May Be Facing Its Biggest Opportunity For Fundamental Improvement 2 GOOGL, AAPL: With New Product Announcements, Is Apple Polishing Its Franchise Or... 3 USO: Domestic Oil Output On Track To Break 1970s Record Levels 4 DATA: Tableau Is Bernstein's Highest Conviction Buy In Mid-Ca... 5 ADDYY: Reebok Looks To 3D Printing 'Liquid Factory'... 6 PFPT, SVRA: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For... 7 INTC: Intel's Coffee Lake Platform Launch... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Industrials Complexity Has Elevated Q2 Earnings Risk: Here's Why Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Lower; G-III Apparel Posts Narrower-Than-Expected Q1 Loss
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart How a company reacts to hard times can be even more important than how it responds to success. These two retailers have seen challenges, but which is the smart place for new money? Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jun 6, 2017 at 9:32AM At first glance, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) and Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) may not seem to have very much in common. You may think a high-end organic grocer might not be a suitable opponent for a big-box retailer. But just under the surface, the number of similarities is surprising. In each case there's another game in town, and each company has been losing share in its respective market. Both have much to lose in the ongoing trend toward e-commerce, and investors have been moving to the sidelines, waiting to see if either could up its game. Wal-Mart and Whole Foods have lagged the broader market by a wide margin over the past several years. But investors can sometimes find a bargain in a beaten-down company. Let's look at the case for both to see which is the better buy now. Data by YCharts E-commerce is eating Wal-Mart's lunch Wal-Mart's biggest challenge has been the astounding rise of e-commerce, as more and more consumers opt for the convenience of online shopping. Another factor dragging on the company's results has been the persistent strength of the U.S. dollar, as approximately 25% of Wal-Mart's total revenue comes from international markets. Wal-Mart responded to the online conundrum last year by buying e-commerce start-up Jet.com for $3.3 billion. The company has made several other acquisitions to better compete in the virtual marketplace, including its purchase of outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women's clothier ModCloth, one of the world's largest independent online fashion retailers.  In its most recent financial release, Wal-Mart reported revenue that increased to $117.5 billion, up 1.4% over the prior-year quarter. Discounting foreign currency translations would have resulted in an increase of 2.5%, but that wasn't the headline. Investors cheered the company's year-over-year e-commerce growth of 63% and its 69% increase in online gross merchandise volume over the prior-year quarter. The icing on the cake was that this was the result of organic growth from Walmart.com, not as the result of acquisitions. The company also saw same-store-sales increase by 1.4% year over year.  "We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers," said Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart's president and CEO.  Two retailers facing changing markets. Which should investors buy now? Image source: Getty Images. Competition is weighing on Whole Foods Whole Foods has been battling on numerous fronts as it seeks to lose the reputation for the premium pricing that gave it the nickname "whole paycheck." While it was once the only game in town, other grocers, including The Kroger Co. (NYSE:KR), saw the success the company was enjoying in natural and organic fare and responded by carrying competing items at lower prices. Even Wal-Mart entered the fray by stocking a selection of organic staples. Expansion from direct competitors, including Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFM) and privately held Trader Joe's, with their smaller-footprint stores, cut further into the natural-grocery market, while Whole Foods struggled to reorient its business. It has now seen seven consecutive quarters of same-store-sales declines. Whole Foods has responded to these challenges by introducing its smaller concept store, 365 by Whole Foods Market, in an attempt to court millennial shoppers and value-conscious consumers, and to increase its presence in more urban areas. The company has rolled out four of these test stores and has been working to refine the concept. Whole Foods believes they're gaining traction and has plans to introduce 22 more. Whole Foods recently overhauled its board of directors, hired a new CFO, and appointed a new board chairman. The company will also revamp its customer loyalty program and cut costs by $300 million, and it plans to increase returns to shareholders. The goal is to return to positive comps and earnings growth by fiscal 2018. In its most recent quarter, Whole Foods saw sales of $3.7 billion, a 1.1% increase over the prior-year period, while same-store sales fell by 2.8%. So which is the better buy? On a price-to-earnings basis, Whole Foods trades at 28 times trailing earnings, while Wal-Mart is significantly less expensive at 18. Looking forward doesn't change things much. Wal-Mart's forward multiple of 18 times forward earnings is cheaper than Whole Foods' 27. Wal-Mart stock has performed better, yet Whole Foods still commands a premium valuation. Any failure to deliver on investors expectations, and Whole Foods' stock could be punished.  PE Ratio (TTM) data by YCharts Wal-Mart also has the edge in shareholder returns. Its share count has fallen by over 2% in the past year, while Whole Foods has remained the same. Wal-Mart's dividend currently yields 2.5%, to Whole Foods' 1.5%. In the end, Wal-Mart has a better valuation and has returned more to shareholders, and its plans to better compete in an e-commerce world are already bearing fruit. Considering all these factors, Wal-Mart is the better buy. John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Danny Vena owns shares of Whole Foods Market. Danny Vena has the following options: short June 2017 $72.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, long January 2018 $57.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, long January 2018 $55 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, and short June 2017 $72.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting. Follow @dannyvena Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 9:32AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $79.15 no change (0.00%) Kroger NYSE:KR $29.71 no change (0.00%) Whole Foods Market NASDAQ:WFM $34.92 no change (0.00%) Sprouts Farmers Markets NASDAQ:SFM $24.04 no change (0.00%) Read More Wal-Mart Is Turning the Corner A Foolish Take: The Chart That Defines Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button Roundtable: I'm Excited About This 1 Top Stock in Particular Wal-Mart Stores E-Commerce Sales Surge 63% Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $KR, $WFM, $SFM
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Woman charged with pulling out son's teeth at Walmart By Alison Berg @alison__berg Published: June 5, 2017 10:55 p.m. Updated: June 5, 2017 10:57 p.m. 1 Comment 1 of 1 View 1 Item Adobe Stock photo FILE— A 48-year-old woman has been charged in 4th District Court with second-degree felony child abuse for allegedly yanking out her 7-year-old son's teeth with needle-nose pliers. PROVO — A Salt Lake woman was charged Monday with child abuse, a second-degree felony, for allegedly yanking out her 7-year-old son's teeth with needle-nose pliers at a Walmart. Jeannine Isom, 48, purchased hand sanitizer and pliers at Walmart in Cedar Hills with the boy and his older brother on April 2. 1 comment on this story After purchasing the items, Isom allegedly pulled out two of the victim's teeth in the Walmart bathroom. A store employee and the victim's older brother heard the boy screaming and yelling, so the brother took him out of the bathroom and out of the store, according to charging documents. "The defendant didn't use any type of anesthetic when she pulled (his) teeth. He said one was loose and the other was only a little loose and that he was crying the whole time his mother was pulling his teeth," the charges state. The charge was filed in 4th District Court. Isom is scheduled to make her first court appearance on July 11. Alison Berg @alison__berg aberg@deseretnews.com Like that? Read this. Utah 12 hours ago Higher ed commissioner: Pact with Huntsman likely before U. president interviews start Sponsored by JEA Senior Living 9 differences between Alzheimer's and normal aging Utah 9 hours ago Neighborhood heartbroken over loss to family it prayed, hoped for Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 Get to know the 3rd Congressional District candidates 2 Jury acquits 2 of murder in drive-by shooting, but guilty of obstructing justice 3 Park officials: Death of California man in Zion National Park was suicide 4 Enthusiasts spread wonders of bees at 7th annual Honeybee Festival 5 Photos: Volunteers build beds for children in need View all for Utah most Commented 48 Former Vice President Biden to headline Romney summit 37 Tens of thousands celebrate diversity at Utah Pride Parade downtown 34 Mormon missionaries being surveyed online regarding personal safety, risks 33 The trouble with Gary Ott 29 Inside the newsroom: Does anybody care about religious persecution? 25 Gunman made threats in Instagram post against woman he killed 20 Could legal homeless camps work in Salt Lake County? 18 The era of sales-tax-free online shopping is nearly over in Utah. Here's how it ended Thursday, June, 8, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
null
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 7 June 2017 | MYT 1:09 PM Amazon offers Prime discount for US customers on government aid Amazon said it would offer the US$10.99 (RM47)-per-month or US$99 (RM422)-per-year Prime service – which includes fast shipping as well as streaming of movies and TV shows – for US$5.99 (RM25) per month to those receiving government assistance including welfare and food stamps. — AFP Amazon.com Inc said it would offer a discount on its popular Prime subscription service for shoppers who receive US government aid, taking aim at a key customer base for rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Amazon said it would offer the US$10.99 (RM47)-per-month or US$99 (RM422)-per-year Prime service – which includes fast shipping as well as streaming of movies and TV shows – for US$5.99 (RM25) per month to those receiving government assistance including welfare and food stamps.  The online retailer's move directly challenges Wal-Mart – the biggest beneficiary of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) – where at least one in five customers pay by food stamps.  Prime subscriptions have been key to Amazon's retail growth strategy, as the service encourages shoppers to buy more goods, more often.  Customers with valid Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) cards receiving aid from programmes including SNAP and the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) programme will qualify for the discount, Amazon said. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested EU seeks to expedite police requests for data from tech firms Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile Uber still doesn’t look like the next Facebook: opinion Opulent Paris Opera House on the hunt for startups and ‘geeks’ 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read Four new caps in Bok shake-up ahead of French test Political historian joins think tank Fathers Day essay contest to honour dads advertisement Latest News Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Most Viewed in Tech Digi offers a new fleet management solution Chinese exam authorities use facial recognition, drones to catch cheats Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with borderless display could land by September Super glitch strikes Philippine bank again Ikea to try selling through third party websites Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Apple’s two futures: VR is for desktop, AR is for mobile Loophole allows Uber to avoid UK tax, undercut rivals Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data Is Facebook CEO Zuckerberg making a run for the White House? Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Cramer Remix Cramer Remix: Here's what’s really killing retail Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 6:59 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer Remix: Here's what’s really killing retail    Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 1:00 PM ET | 01:32 Jim Cramer knows that at first sight, Apple unveiling its new HomePod speaker and J.Crew CEO Mickey Drexler stepping down from his post do not seem to have many similarities at all. "Now, what the heck, you're probably asking, does a high-end speaker system have to do with the resignation of a famous retail CEO? Simple, they help define what's working and what's not working in this crazy stock market," the "Mad Money" host contended. Cramer began by saying that as a mall-based store, J.Crew struggled in the past few years like many of its counterparts despite Drexler's strong reputation in retail. "In the age of Amazon, where driving to the mall is an anathema to many shoppers, Mickey couldn't distinguish his goods enough to entice people into a place where they didn't want to go to begin with. Much has been made of his fashion missteps. I think those are way off-base," Cramer said. Now, mall-based retailers from Under Armour to Urban Outfitters are missing the mark because young shoppers go to the mall knowing exactly what they want instead of planning to browse and spend time there, a sign that brand loyalty is waning. Chris Ratcliffe | Bloomberg | Getty Images Millard 'Mickey' S. Drexler To address one retailer whose stock has struggled of late, down 11 percent for 2017, Cramer sat down with Tarang Amin, the chairman and CEO of e.l.f. Beauty. "We believe that this is a long term growth play, and so for those who are fickle, maybe this isn't for you," the CEO told Cramer on Tuesday. "But for those who really believe in the underlying thesis here, which is we make extraordinary cosmetics, high-quality ones that are accessible to consumers, then this is a great one." While Amin addressed the fact that e.l.f.'s shares declined shortly after the company's last earnings report, he insisted that the cosmetics brand's secular growth and strong partnerships will eventually help it triumph over its troubling stock action. "We continue to have incredible growth at Wal-Mart, and then Ulta, they recently announced that they're going to be putting e.l.f into a subset of their stores as well," Amin said. "E.l.f. has been able to grow regardless of the economic cycle, regardless of what's going on in the broader category, and we'll continue to grow as we have." Mathew Lloyd | Bloomberg | Getty Images An employee stands on the deck of a pilot boat in view of the Ocean Princess oil platform, operated by Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc., in the Port of Cromarty Firth in Cromarty, U.K. On a day where oil hovered in a small range, struggling to lift above the $48 mark, Cramer wondered what could give crude the boost it needs. "If oil can't mount a major advance on some insane Middle East friction, real tension among the Gulf States that export 30 percent of the world's crude oil to starved markets, what is it going to take for black gold to really roar higher?" the "Mad Money" host asked. While the oil bulls may be questioning their logic, Cramer said the answer lies in a Schlumberger conference call from when it reported its first-quarter results in April: oil will rise when the deep-water oil wells start to run dry. Michael Nagle | Bloomberg | Getty Images A man enters the Wall Street subway station near the New York Stock Exchange. Then, with the major indices trading near all-time highs and investors looking ahead to next week's Federal Reserve meeting in which the central bank is expected to raise interest rates, Jim Cramer figured the bank stocks would be rallying. "Yet the bank stocks are not on fire here. They're actually lagging the rest of the market," Cramer said. To find out what is keeping the banks from climbing, Cramer took to the charts of technician Ed Ponsi, managing director of Barchetta Capital Management and Cramer's colleague at RealMoney.com. Palo Alto Networks CEO: Automation and Orchestration Finally, Cramer spoke with Mark McLaughlin, the chairman and CEO of Palo Alto Networks, for a checkup on the rapidly developing cybersecurity space. "What's really driving the need for security these days is increasing levels of automation and orchestration," McLaughlin explained on Tuesday. "So, particularly for smaller companies, they just don't have the resources to keep up with all the complexities of cybersecurity, so what we're trying to do and other folks are trying to do – we think we're leaders here – is create real platforms that have a lot of automation, a lot of orchestration, and a lot of leverage that drives simplicity because we're fighting a highly automated adversary so we need more automation." McLaughlin said that Palo Alto is demonstrating leadership in the space by adding new customers to its ranks, with over 2,000 new additions during the company's third quarter. "Most of them are coming from our competitors, whether it's Cisco, Checkpoint, Juniper, folks like that," he told Cramer. "We continue to take customers at a very high rate." Lightning Round: Not Quitting on this Online Name In Cramer's lightning round, he rattled off his take on some caller favorite stocks, including: Shopify: "This thing's amazing. This is an online platform that is working. No one believes in Shopify except for me. I've been behind this thing for 30 [basis] points. I'm not quitting." Energy Transfer Partners: "The guy who runs it, Kelcy Warren, he rolls the dice. He feels like he's in Wynn [or] Las Vegas Sands with this company. I say absolutely not. I don't want you to touch it. Never reach for yield. It ain't worth it." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PANW --- ULTA --- WMT --- ELF --- AMZN --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others India being encircled? Pentagon says China may build military base in Pak Business Standard Why US firms will ignore Trump's withdrawal from Paris climate agreement Well-known companies like Apple, Google, Amazon condemned the announcement and vowed to continue Frederik Dahlmann | The Conversation  June 7, 2017 Last Updated at 09:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRf9B Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Donald Trump confirms US to quit Paris Agreement on climate change US exit from Paris Accord: A fact-check on Trump's climate change theories Trump exits Paris climate accord: Earth could be 3.6 degrees warmer by 2100 Donald Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement hurts the US and the world Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord has received widespread condemnation from political leaders, scientists, activists and climate experts. Perhaps surprisingly, a number of big businesses have also voiced their disagreement with the US president’s move. Among others, well-known companies such as Apple, General Electric, Google, Facebook, Goldman Sachs, Tesla, Morgan Stanley, PepsiCo, Walmart and Walt Disney all condemned the announcement and vowed to continue with their own efforts to protect the environment regardless. Coupled with statements from states and cities, as well as other organisations, this shows that while the president may be appealing to a very specific slice of his electorate, many Americans are decidedly critical. Even large oil companies such as ExxonMobil and Chevron have argued against withdrawal. It’s clear why. Climate change cannot be ignored and these companies are better off moving with the times – and profiting from it in the process. Competitive advantage Trump had campaigned against the Paris Agreement. He argued it placed a heavy burden on America’s economy by putting people (notably coal miners) out of jobs to the benefit of other nations. Of course, all policy decisions have an impact on business in some way. But the US president’s assertion that taking steps to limit climate change is bad for business is evidently wrong given the very significant growth in renewable energy investment and jobs in recent years. For example, in the US, there are already more than twice as many more people employed in the solar energy sector compared to coal. Indeed, many of the US’ biggest companies are its most innovative. And it has been their engagement with climate change that has led to significant (green) product innovations and process improvements that have saved businesses countless dollars in energy costs. Take Campbell Soup for example. Until 2020 its aim is to reduce its environmental footprint including carbon emissions by 50%. The company’s varied initiatives span across reducing waste, water and packaging, but it also made improvements in the transporting and handling of raw materials and ingredients. This kind of innovation, in turn, makes companies more competitive internationally. It also improves their reputation with customers and attracts a workforce that increasingly demands this kind of action from their employers. Trump’s focus appears extremely narrow in its overriding concern for one particular sector – coal. But then this garners him crucial political support. Meanwhile, he ignores the large gains enjoyed by other industries. Many leading companies increasingly integrate proactive responses to climate change in their strategies by setting ambitious science-based carbon reduction and broader sustainability targets. They also aim to source their electricity exclusively from renewable sources and are offering incentives to all their employees to help them reduce carbon emissions. At a time when costs in the renewable energy sector are falling significantly, many American companies are simply realising the commercial opportunities from reducing their emissions, sourcing their own clean electricity, and developing products and services to help others reduce their emissions. Moving with the times Fossil fuel energy companies, for their part, have long faced public pressure to recognise the global threat from climate change and ensure they play their part in the wider energy transition. In recent years, however, their shareholders have also grown increasingly concerned about a potential carbon bubble, which would potentially leave oil reserves (and thus future profits) stranded. There has therefore been a slight shift in these companies’ stance towards less opposition to climate action. Even the shareholders of the world’s largest public oil company, ExxonMobil just voted in favour of the fossil fuel giant being more open about the risks it faces due to climate change. Coal mining companies, by contrast, are struggling. They have faced strong competition from US growth in natural gas production and their hopes for a revival are pinned on the Trump administration. But, as economies change, governments should focus on supporting and retraining those whose jobs are on the line. By trying to save coal, Trump is propping up a dying industry. For the majority of other businesses, though, both competitive and shareholder pressures are driving them to cut their carbon emissions. While the US might now symbolically take its foot off the climate policy pedal, the response of its businesses and cities is likely to ensure that the consequences are less severe than feared. The US prides itself as being the world’s leading innovator. There is therefore hope that its companies can make both America and the planet great again – even if its leader refuses to engage. Frederik Dahlmann, Assistant Professor of Global Energy, Warwick Business School, University of Warwick This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Read More On Trump Paris Climate Change Agreement | Climate Change | Innovation | Renewables | Donald Trump | Un Paris Agreement | Trump Administration | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Why US firms will ignore Trump's withdrawal from Paris climate agreement Well-known companies like Apple, Google, Amazon condemned the announcement and vowed to continue Well-known companies like Apple, Google, Amazon condemned the announcement and vowed to continue Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord has received widespread condemnation from political leaders, scientists, activists and climate experts. Perhaps surprisingly, a number of big businesses have also voiced their disagreement with the US president’s move. Among others, well-known companies such as Apple, General Electric, Google, Facebook, Goldman Sachs, Tesla, Morgan Stanley, PepsiCo, Walmart and Walt Disney all condemned the announcement and vowed to continue with their own efforts to protect the environment regardless. Coupled with statements from states and cities, as well as other organisations, this shows that while the president may be appealing to a very specific slice of his electorate, many Americans are decidedly critical. Even large oil companies such as ExxonMobil and Chevron have argued against withdrawal. It’s clear why. Climate change cannot be ignored and these companies are better off moving with the times – and profiting from it in the process. Competitive advantage Trump had campaigned against the Paris Agreement. He argued it placed a heavy burden on America’s economy by putting people (notably coal miners) out of jobs to the benefit of other nations. Of course, all policy decisions have an impact on business in some way. But the US president’s assertion that taking steps to limit climate change is bad for business is evidently wrong given the very significant growth in renewable energy investment and jobs in recent years. For example, in the US, there are already more than twice as many more people employed in the solar energy sector compared to coal. Indeed, many of the US’ biggest companies are its most innovative. And it has been their engagement with climate change that has led to significant (green) product innovations and process improvements that have saved businesses countless dollars in energy costs. Take Campbell Soup for example. Until 2020 its aim is to reduce its environmental footprint including carbon emissions by 50%. The company’s varied initiatives span across reducing waste, water and packaging, but it also made improvements in the transporting and handling of raw materials and ingredients. This kind of innovation, in turn, makes companies more competitive internationally. It also improves their reputation with customers and attracts a workforce that increasingly demands this kind of action from their employers. Trump’s focus appears extremely narrow in its overriding concern for one particular sector – coal. But then this garners him crucial political support. Meanwhile, he ignores the large gains enjoyed by other industries. Many leading companies increasingly integrate proactive responses to climate change in their strategies by setting ambitious science-based carbon reduction and broader sustainability targets. They also aim to source their electricity exclusively from renewable sources and are offering incentives to all their employees to help them reduce carbon emissions. At a time when costs in the renewable energy sector are falling significantly, many American companies are simply realising the commercial opportunities from reducing their emissions, sourcing their own clean electricity, and developing products and services to help others reduce their emissions. Moving with the times Fossil fuel energy companies, for their part, have long faced public pressure to recognise the global threat from climate change and ensure they play their part in the wider energy transition. In recent years, however, their shareholders have also grown increasingly concerned about a potential carbon bubble, which would potentially leave oil reserves (and thus future profits) stranded. There has therefore been a slight shift in these companies’ stance towards less opposition to climate action. Even the shareholders of the world’s largest public oil company, ExxonMobil just voted in favour of the fossil fuel giant being more open about the risks it faces due to climate change. Coal mining companies, by contrast, are struggling. They have faced strong competition from US growth in natural gas production and their hopes for a revival are pinned on the Trump administration. But, as economies change, governments should focus on supporting and retraining those whose jobs are on the line. By trying to save coal, Trump is propping up a dying industry. For the majority of other businesses, though, both competitive and shareholder pressures are driving them to cut their carbon emissions. While the US might now symbolically take its foot off the climate policy pedal, the response of its businesses and cities is likely to ensure that the consequences are less severe than feared. The US prides itself as being the world’s leading innovator. There is therefore hope that its companies can make both America and the planet great again – even if its leader refuses to engage. Frederik Dahlmann, Assistant Professor of Global Energy, Warwick Business School, University of Warwick This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Frederik Dahlmann | The Conversation Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Why US firms will ignore Trump's withdrawal from Paris climate agreement Well-known companies like Apple, Google, Amazon condemned the announcement and vowed to continue Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord has received widespread condemnation from political leaders, scientists, activists and climate experts. Perhaps surprisingly, a number of big businesses have also voiced their disagreement with the US president’s move. Among others, well-known companies such as Apple, General Electric, Google, Facebook, Goldman Sachs, Tesla, Morgan Stanley, PepsiCo, Walmart and Walt Disney all condemned the announcement and vowed to continue with their own efforts to protect the environment regardless. Coupled with statements from states and cities, as well as other organisations, this shows that while the president may be appealing to a very specific slice of his electorate, many Americans are decidedly critical. Even large oil companies such as ExxonMobil and Chevron have argued against withdrawal. It’s clear why. Climate change cannot be ignored and these companies are better off moving with the times – and profiting from it in the process. Competitive advantage Trump had campaigned against the Paris Agreement. He argued it placed a heavy burden on America’s economy by putting people (notably coal miners) out of jobs to the benefit of other nations. Of course, all policy decisions have an impact on business in some way. But the US president’s assertion that taking steps to limit climate change is bad for business is evidently wrong given the very significant growth in renewable energy investment and jobs in recent years. For example, in the US, there are already more than twice as many more people employed in the solar energy sector compared to coal. Indeed, many of the US’ biggest companies are its most innovative. And it has been their engagement with climate change that has led to significant (green) product innovations and process improvements that have saved businesses countless dollars in energy costs. Take Campbell Soup for example. Until 2020 its aim is to reduce its environmental footprint including carbon emissions by 50%. The company’s varied initiatives span across reducing waste, water and packaging, but it also made improvements in the transporting and handling of raw materials and ingredients. This kind of innovation, in turn, makes companies more competitive internationally. It also improves their reputation with customers and attracts a workforce that increasingly demands this kind of action from their employers. Trump’s focus appears extremely narrow in its overriding concern for one particular sector – coal. But then this garners him crucial political support. Meanwhile, he ignores the large gains enjoyed by other industries. Many leading companies increasingly integrate proactive responses to climate change in their strategies by setting ambitious science-based carbon reduction and broader sustainability targets. They also aim to source their electricity exclusively from renewable sources and are offering incentives to all their employees to help them reduce carbon emissions. At a time when costs in the renewable energy sector are falling significantly, many American companies are simply realising the commercial opportunities from reducing their emissions, sourcing their own clean electricity, and developing products and services to help others reduce their emissions. Moving with the times Fossil fuel energy companies, for their part, have long faced public pressure to recognise the global threat from climate change and ensure they play their part in the wider energy transition. In recent years, however, their shareholders have also grown increasingly concerned about a potential carbon bubble, which would potentially leave oil reserves (and thus future profits) stranded. There has therefore been a slight shift in these companies’ stance towards less opposition to climate action. Even the shareholders of the world’s largest public oil company, ExxonMobil just voted in favour of the fossil fuel giant being more open about the risks it faces due to climate change. Coal mining companies, by contrast, are struggling. They have faced strong competition from US growth in natural gas production and their hopes for a revival are pinned on the Trump administration. But, as economies change, governments should focus on supporting and retraining those whose jobs are on the line. By trying to save coal, Trump is propping up a dying industry. For the majority of other businesses, though, both competitive and shareholder pressures are driving them to cut their carbon emissions. While the US might now symbolically take its foot off the climate policy pedal, the response of its businesses and cities is likely to ensure that the consequences are less severe than feared. The US prides itself as being the world’s leading innovator. There is therefore hope that its companies can make both America and the planet great again – even if its leader refuses to engage. Frederik Dahlmann, Assistant Professor of Global Energy, Warwick Business School, University of Warwick This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Frederik Dahlmann | The Conversation Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Live: Comey hearing Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Talking Points SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories ‘Cloud’ over Trump is now a full-blown thunderstorm MGH surgeons left patients waiting under anesthesia while they did second surgeries, whistle blower charges Transgender principal Asa Sevelius shares powerful message in Brookline Dan Shaughnessy: Piling on Red Sox pitcher David Price makes no sense Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Talking Points Amazon offers Prime discount to those on government benefits E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share LOIC VENANCE/AFP/Getty Images Amazon is offering a discount on its pay-by-month Prime membership for people who receive government assistance.   June 06, 2017 RETIREMENT Boston Retirement System to cut investments in hedge funds The $4.4 billion Boston Retirement System plans to cut its hedge-fund exposure by $110 million and revamp its slate of managers after high fees and lagging performance took a toll. The pension is set to reduce its allocation to 5 percent, or about $220 million, according to a person familiar with the matter. The capital may be redirected to private credit or private-equity investments, the person said. Boston Retirement, which represents city workers in Massachusetts, is the latest pension to sour on hedge funds as they struggle to beat the market. A growing number of investors, including the California Public Employees’ Retirement System, the Illinois State Board of Investment, and the New Jersey State Investment Council, have cut or eliminated allocations to hedge funds. Boston’s hedge-fund investments returned just 1.4 percent in the year through April, underperforming the 3 percent gain in the HFRI Fund of Funds Composite Index. — BLOOMBERG NEWS INSURANCE Anthem pulls out of Ohio’s public health insurance exchanges One of the nation’s biggest health insurers says it will not return to Ohio’s public insurance exchanges next year, a decision that could open more holes in the Affordable Care Act’s increasingly thin system for helping people buy coverage. The move announced Tuesday by Anthem Inc. could leave shoppers in 20 counties without an option for buying individual coverage on the exchange unless another insurer steps in, according to data compiled by the Associated Press and the consulting firm Avalere. The exchanges are the only place where people can use an income-based tax credit to help cover the cost of coverage. Another insurer, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City, said late last month that it also was leaving the exchanges, a decision that could leave 25 counties in that market with no options on the exchange. People may be able to find options off the exchange there but without the benefit of a subsidy to help pay for coverage. — ASSOCIATED PRESS E-COMMERCE Amazon cuts Prime payments for low-income shoppers Advertisement Amazon is making a play for low-income shoppers. The online leader is offering a discount on its pay-by-month Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The move, announced Tuesday, is seen by some analysts as an attempt to go after rival Walmart’s lower-income shoppers. The world’s largest retailer has revamped its shipping program and improved other services to drive online sales growth as it tries to narrow the gap with Amazon. People who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month for the Amazon Prime benefits like free shipping and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows. The typical Prime membership is $99 a year, but those who cannot afford to pay up front also have a $10.99-a-month option. — ASSOCIATED PRESS ENERGY Installations of large-scale energy-storage systems at record levels Installations of large-scale energy-storage systems surged to record levels during the first quarter as power companies and state officials pushed to better incorporate electricity from wind and solar farms. US homes and businesses — mostly utilities — installed storage systems with 234 megawatt-hours of capacity during January, February, and March, more than 50 times the amount installed a year earlier, according to a study released Tuesday by GTM Research and the Energy Storage Association. The lion’s share of installations were in Arizona, Hawaii, and California. — BLOOMBERG NEWS AIRLINES Allegiant Air to fly out of Rhode Island Get Today's Headlines in your inbox: The day's top stories delivered every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Another domestic airline has landed at Rhode Island’s main airport. The Rhode Island Airport Corp., which operates T.F. Green Airport in Warwick, said Allegiant Air will start offering flights to Florida and Ohio in the fall. The routes will be to the St. Petersburg-Clearwater and Punta Gorda airports in Florida, and the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Las Vegas-based Allegiant is the latest low-cost carrier to begin Rhode Island routes this year, following Norwegian Air Shuttle and Frontier Airlines. Airport executives have said a soon-to-be-completed runway extension and state-funded incentives for new commercial routes are helping recruitment efforts. The airport, just south of Providence, is positioning itself as a convenient alternative to Boston’s busier Logan International Airport. Rhode Island’s first year-round flights to Europe also launch this month. — ASSOCIATED PRESS BANKING Otting tapped to be comptroller of the currency President Trump plans to nominate Joseph Otting, who ran the California lender OneWest, to oversee some of the nation’s largest banks. If confirmed as comptroller of the currency, Otting would play a central role in overseeing the daily operations of many banks, including those on Wall Street, and drive the administration’s push for deregulation. The plan to nominate Otting, announced Monday evening, is likely to stir up fresh criticism over the appointment of top administration officials from within the banking industry. Otting worked closely with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin when the two men ran OneWest. Formerly known as IndyMac, the lender had to be taken over by the federal government in the financial crisis of 2008 and was sold to a group of investors that included Mnuchin the next year. Otting was chief executive of the bank from 2010 to 2015, when it was acquired by the CIT Group for $3.4 billion. He left after the sale. Before he worked at OneWest, Otting was a vice chairman of US Bank. — NEW YORK TIMES COFFEE Starbucks selling meals from Snap Kitchen in Houston cafes Starbucks Corp. has begun selling meals from industry upstart Snap Kitchen at cafes in Houston, marking the coffee giant’s latest attempt to sell more food alongside its lattes. While just five Starbucks cafes are offering the items now, the company is looking to expand the test to another market soon. New chief executive Kevin Johnson mentioned the trial in a memo sent to Starbucks employees on Monday. The coffee purveyor has been making a push to sell more food for years, with meals and snacks now accounting for about 20 percent of US sales. But the effort has been marked by stumbles, including menu misfires and complaints that food was too pricey or the portions were too small. — BLOOMBERG NEWS JOBS April job openings most in 16 years Advertisement US employers in April advertised the most open jobs in 16 years, yet hiring fell and fewer people quit work. The figures suggest that businesses are struggling to find qualified employees as the unemployment rate declines. Job openings rose 4.5 percent in April to more than 6 million, the Labor Department said Tuesday, the most since December 2000, when the government first began tracking the data. Meanwhile, hiring fell 4.8 percent to just over 5 million. The report is a sign the economy is nearing or already at ‘‘full employment,’’ when most of those who want a job have one and the unemployment rate mostly reflects the churn of people who are temporarily out of work. — ASSOCIATED PRESS AIRLINES British Airways says disconnected power supply caused flight cancellations British Airways pointed to human error as the cause for mass flight cancellations that grounded at least 75,000 passengers last month and led the carrier’s passenger traffic to decline 1.8 percent. An engineer had disconnected a power supply at a data center near London’s Heathrow airport, causing a surge that resulted in major damage when it was reconnected, Willie Walsh, chief executive of parent IAG SA, told reporters in Mexico. The incident led BA’s information technology systems to crash, causing hundreds of flights to be scrapped over three days as the airline reestablished its communications. The engineer in question had been authorized to be on site, but not “to do what he did,” Walsh said on Monday, according to the BBC. — BLOOMBERG NEWS Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Crime Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Conquering Addiction Good News Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Road Rants Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Power Outages Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Beacon Retirement Strategies Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Takacs McGinnis Elder Care Law Hour Titans Talk Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 63 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: 77° LO: 57° HI: 77° LO: 57° HI: 77° LO: 57° Weather Traffic current alerts 6 Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences International Manufacturer Opens First U.S. Plant In Nashville 10:24 PM, Jun 6, 2017 Share Article Previous Next Hundreds of new jobs are coming to Davidson County after an international mattress and pillow manufacturer announced plans to open a plant in Music City. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next NASHVILLE, Tenn. - China-based memory foam manufacturer Sinomax has opened its first U.S. location in Davidson County, adding 350 jobs to the area. The plant opened its first American location on JP Hennessey Drive in an old Whirlpool building that was left empty after the company shuttered its doors in 2008. "When I first saw the building it was really very sad," said Sinomax CEO Frank Chen. "There was no activity here." Chen invested $28 million into renovating the building and adding equipment that will produce pillows, mattress toppers, and mattresses that will ultimately end up in stores like Walmart and Costco. It's a massive company Chen started more than 15 years ago, when he said he had nothing to his name. "I moved to this country in 1989 after a tragedy in Beijing," Chen said. "I almost couldn't come here because I didn't have the money for the application fee." Chen left his hometown of Beijing in the wake of the Tiananmen Square Massacre. Chinese troops killed hundreds of civilians in order to stop student-led protests. Luckily, Chen was accepted into the engineering program at LSU. One of his professors mailed him the $30 he needed to come to the United States. "I always say that was the first investment into this company," Chen said. "It started with $30." After earning his masters degree, Chen chose to take a risk and start Sinomax, which has grown into a major supplier for some of the world's largest retailers. Chen said his expansion into America may start in Tennessee, but he hopes to add three more plants in the future. "I'm really blessed I had the opportunity to come to this country," he said. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Amazon offers Prime discount to those on government benefits - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Think About It Editorials Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Win Tickets To The Home And Garden Show Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Amazon offers Prime discount to those on government benefits 2017-06-08T13:23:49Z2017-06-08T13:25:09Z Amazon offers $5.99 monthly Prime membership for people who get government assistance. (Source: Amazon.com) By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Amazon is making a play for low-income shoppers. The online leader is offering a discount on its pay-by-month Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The move, announced Tuesday, is seen by some analysts as an attempt to go after rival Walmart's lower-income shoppers. The world's largest retailer has revamped its shipping program and improved other services to drive online sales growth as it tries to narrow the gap with Amazon. People who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month for the Amazon Prime benefits like free shipping and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows. The typical Prime membership is $99 a year, but those who cannot afford to pay up front also have a $10.99-a-month option. Amazon designed this option to make its "selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime," Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. Walmart has gained momentum in its online business, seeing its e-commerce sales soar 63 percent in its first quarter, up from a 29 percent increase the previous period. It now offers free-two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a purchase of $35. Online shoppers who collect their purchases at a store get extra discounts. And Walmart has dramatically expanded its online offerings - though it's still far behind the hundreds of millions of products at Amazon.com. Amazon's aim with the latest move is two-pronged, says Ken Perkins, president of research firm RetailMetrics. "It is part of Amazon's overarching goal to inexorably move into every corner of retail," he said. "Secondly, it is a direct move to pull consumers away from its chief retail rival Walmart, which has been far more aggressive competing with Amazon on price, offerings, delivery and building out its formidable e-commerce operations." Internet consultant Sucharita Mulpuru-Kodali says Amazon's move "seems inevitable" because it's saturated a good part of the affluent and middle-class sector - but describes it as a "head scratcher." "These consumers have always indexed lower in online transactions, and their living circumstances are often not well-suited to package delivery, and many of these consumers don't have vehicles to drive to a location pick up packages," she wrote in an email. "Of the long list of business that Amazon could target, this doesn't seem like the biggest one." ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. AP National News VideoMore>> Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand A jury that heard seven hours of testimony from a woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and assaulted her may soon hear statements he made in an earlier deposition A jury that heard seven hours of testimony from a woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and assaulted her may soon hear statements he made in an earlier deposition Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family's real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea in low-lying South Florida President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family's real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea in low-lying South Florida NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants ever NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants ever Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Muslim student athletes at one U.S. high school no longer have to be slowed down by worries that their headscarves might fall off Muslim student athletes at one U.S. high school no longer have to be slowed down by worries that their headscarves might fall off Cosby's accuser stands by her story under cross-examination Cosby's accuser stands by her story under cross-examination The woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and molested her over a decade ago is off the stand after giving little ground during cross-examination The woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and molested her over a decade ago is off the stand after giving little ground during cross-examination    National PoliticsMore>> Congressional hearings have a high-stakes history Congressional hearings have a high-stakes history Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:53 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:53 GMT Washington knows how to do big hearings _ even Titanic ones. Washington knows how to do big hearings _ even Titanic ones. Under Trump, old deportation orders get new life Under Trump, old deportation orders get new life Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:48 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:48 GMT For years, thousands of immigrants have checked in regularly with federal deportation agents to show they've been following the country's laws even though they don't have a legal right to be here. For years, thousands of immigrants have checked in regularly with federal deportation agents to show they've been following the country's laws even though they don't have a legal right to be here. The Latest: Ranking intel Dem calls Comey words 'disturbing' The Latest: Ranking intel Dem calls Comey words 'disturbing' Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:45 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:45 GMT A Senate Democrat is cautioning members of Congress against asserting too hastily that President Donald Trump has engaged in acts that could constitute obstruction of justice in the investigation of Russian... A Senate Democrat is cautioning members of Congress against asserting too hastily that President Donald Trump has engaged in acts that could constitute obstruction of justice in the investigation of Russian meddling in last year's election. Legal experts say Trump comments inappropriate, maybe worse Legal experts say Trump comments inappropriate, maybe worse Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:39 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:39 GMT Criminal law experts say President Donald Trump's comments to FBI Director James Comey were at best clumsy and inappropriate _ but could be used to build a case that the president tried to interfere with a criminal... Criminal law experts say President Donald Trump's comments to FBI Director James Comey were at best clumsy and inappropriate _ but could be used to build a case that the president tried to interfere with a criminal investigation. Trump suggests Iran shares some blame for extremist attacks Trump suggests Iran shares some blame for extremist attacks Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:38 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:38 GMT The United States is condemning what it calls "terrorist attacks" in the Iranian capital of Tehran, but suggests Iran bears some culpability. The United States is condemning what it calls "terrorist attacks" in the Iranian capital of Tehran, but suggests Iran bears some culpability.    MultimediaMore>> Interactive Map: Trump refugee executive order Interactive Map: Trump refugee executive order After a terrorist attack in London, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to vociferously defend his now-blocked travel ban. After a terrorist attack in London, President Donald Trump took to Twitter to vociferously defend his now-blocked travel ban. Interactive Graphic: North Korean missile capabilities, US military bases in the Pacific Theater Interactive Graphic: North Korean missile capabilities, US military bases in the Pacific Theater North Korea's ballistic missile program includes weapons that can reach many U.S, military installations in the Pacific Ocean. North Korea's ballistic missile program includes weapons that can reach many U.S, military installations in the Pacific Ocean. Slideshow: How other walls stack up to Trump's vision Slideshow: How other walls stack up to Trump's vision President Donald Trump plans to build a wall on the border with Mexico. He has said no one can build a wall better than him. He'll have to do better than these famous walls to make that promise a reality. President Donald Trump plans to build a wall on the border with Mexico. He has said no one can build a wall better than him. He'll have to do better than these famous walls to make that promise a reality. Timeline: Trump's first 100 days Timeline: Trump's first 100 days The first 100 days of the Trump presidency has included two travel bans and several executive orders. The first 100 days of the Trump presidency has included two travel bans and several executive orders. Interactive: First 100 Days: Trump's time at Mar-a-Lago Interactive: First 100 Days: Trump's time at Mar-a-Lago This graphic tracks President Donald Trump's visits to his "winter White House" in Palm Beach, Florida. This graphic tracks President Donald Trump's visits to his "winter White House" in Palm Beach, Florida. SLIDESHOW: America fills vacancy on Supreme Court Slideshow: Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch faces senators as he tries to become the newest member of the U.S. Supreme Court.  Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch faces senators as he tries to become the newest member of the U.S. Supreme Court.  Interactive Map: Unauthorized immigrants per metro area Interactive Map: Unauthorized immigrants per metro area Some of the largest metro areas in the U.S. are home to sanctuary cities. (Source: Tableau/Raycom Media) One in five unauthorized immigrants live in New York City and Los Angeles, according to Pew Research. One in five unauthorized immigrants live in New York City and Los Angeles, according to Pew Research. Slideshow: The US before the EPA Slideshow: The US before the EPA The Environmental Protection Agency commissioned photos to document the state of the environment when it was formed in 1970. The Environmental Protection Agency commissioned photos to document the state of the environment when it was formed in 1970. Slideshow: Protests erupt over Trump travel ban Slideshow: Protests erupt over Trump travel ban Protesters gathered across the nation in response to an executive order issued by President Donald Trump that detained and deported immigrants and refugees. Protesters gathered across the nation in response to an executive order issued by President Donald Trump that detained and deported immigrants and refugees. Slideshow: Possible Trump Supreme Court nominees Slideshow: Possible Trump Supreme Court nominees As the Republican nominee, Donald Trump listed 21 conservatives from which he would choose to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. As the Republican nominee, Donald Trump listed 21 conservatives from which he would choose to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.    Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Shop News Music Videos Interviews Artists Editorials Voice & Acoustics Pop Music Room (PMR) Singersroom UK Connect with us Singersroom.com News Sevyn Streeter’s ‘Girl Disrupted’ Album Finally Gets Release Date Sam Smith Working On Sophomore Album Are You Ready for Summer Jam 2017? Last Chance To Get Tickets! [Concert Review] BBD Brings the House Down with SWV and En Vogue at Kings Theater SZA Visits The Breakfast Club, Talks New Album, Side Chicks, and More (Video) Music R&B Music Mix Room Videos UK Singer/Rapper Angel Has ‘No Days Off’ TLC Takes It ‘Way Back’ With Snoop Dogg In West-Coast-Inspired Video Brooklyn Artist Cocoa Sarai Tackles Abusive Relationships ‘9 Lives’ Video Jake&Papa Release Self-Directed ‘Mansion’ Video Video: Polly A – Just Like That Features Interviews Editorials Voice & Acoustics Artists PMR New Edition, Chance The Rapper To Be Honored At 2017 BET Awards Share Tweet Chance The Rapper Joins ESSENCE Festival Lineup As Headliner Congrats! New Edition’s Ronnie DeVoe and Wife Shamari Expecting Their First Child The Biopic Effect: New Edition Breaks Top 40 For First Time Since 2004 The Numbers Are In! New Edition Biopic Brought In Tens Of Millions Of Viewers Hollywood/TV/Reality TV New Edition, Chance The Rapper To Be Honored At 2017 BET Awards By Singersroom Published on June 6, 2017 Share Tweet Comment Today (June 6), BET revealed iconic R&B group New Edition will be honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2017 “BET Awards.” In addition, multi–Grammy Award winning hip-hop artist Chance the Rapper will receive the evening’s Humanitarian Award presented by Walmart. In January 2017, BET launched The New Edition Story, a three-part miniseries that was also BET’s first scripted music-focused program which was a ratings smash. The miniseries profiled the New Edition journey from the little-known boy band from the Orchard Park Projects of Roxbury, Massachusetts, to one of the most successful adult acts ever in the music industry. To date, New Edition has sold over 20 million records world-wide. Chance the Rapper is a hip-hop artist, singer-songwriter and philanthropist who rose to popularity with his highly awarded and recognized mixtapes Acid Rap and Coloring Book. Chance has consistently used his musical platform to support a number of impactful educational, social and political initiatives – positively impacting both local and national communities. In 2016, Chance worked closely with President Obama on My Brother’s Keeper Challenge, an initiative of the United States Federal Government to promote intervention by civic leaders in the lives of young men of color – working to address their unique challenges and to promote racial justice. Chance has also activity fought gun violence, leading social campaigns in his home-town Chicago. Most recently, Chance the Rapper pledged to donate $1 million to in-need Chicago Public Schools in an effort to offset the lack of government funding provided to the area. This year’s broadcast is hosted by Leslie Jones and will include performances by Bruno Mars, Future, Migos, Trey Songz and Tamar Braxton. The star power continues as Yara Shahidi, Cardi B, Issa Rae, Jamie Foxx, La La Anthony, the cast of Universal Pictures’ “Girls Trip” (Regina Hall, Tiffany Haddish, with Jada Pinkett Smith and Queen Latifah), Trevor Noah, Robin Thede, Cari Champion and Demetrius Shipp Jr. and many others will take the stage as presenters during the 17th anniversary of the annual highly-anticipated televised event. Tune in Sunday, June 25 at 8 pm ET when the 2017 “BET Awards” will air LIVE  from the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, CA.   Tweet More Email WhatsApp More About: Chance the Rapper | new edition Continue Reading You may also like... Chance The Rapper Joins ESSENCE Festival Lineup As Headliner Congrats! New Edition’s Ronnie DeVoe and Wife Shamari Expecting Their First Child The Biopic Effect: New Edition Breaks Top 40 For First Time Since 2004 The Numbers Are In! New Edition Biopic Brought In Tens Of Millions Of Viewers Around The Web Click to comment More in Hollywood/TV/Reality TV Hollywood/TV/Reality TV Bruno Mars, Future, Tamar Braxton, More Slated To Perform At 2017 BET Awards By Elle BreezyMay 31, 2017 Last week, BET announced the nominees for the 2017 BET Awards, now they're slowly rolling out... Hollywood/TV/Reality TV 3LW Reunion: Adrienne Houghton Apologizes To Naturi Naughton on ‘The Real’ (Clip) By Elle BreezyMay 24, 2017 Adrienne apologized to Naughton for wherever hurt she may have caused her back in the day. Hollywood/TV/Reality TV TLC, CeeLo Green, Usher, Jennifer Hudson and More Perform For ‘The Voice’ & ‘DWTS’ Finales By Elle BreezyMay 24, 2017 Over on "The Voice," before they announced the winner, former coach CeeLo Green performed with contestant... Hollywood/TV/Reality TV Meme Movie Idea Starring Rihanna and Lupita Nyong’o Gets The Greenlight By Elle BreezyMay 23, 2017 Oh, the power of social media...If you've been on the inter-webs recently, you'd know that last... Hollywood/TV/Reality TV BET Prepping Bobby Brown Mini-Series By Elle BreezyMay 22, 2017 After the well-received New Edition biopic/miniseries which premiered in January, BET is looking to continue the... Gossip Is Mariah Carey In Talks To Join ‘The Voice UK ‘ As a Judge? By Elle BreezyMay 19, 2017 Last week, it was reported that "X Factor UK" producers were looking to replace replace Nicole... Hollywood/TV/Reality TV Jennifer Hudson Performs ‘Remember Me’ On ‘Ellen’ By Elle BreezyApril 27, 2017 With her haircut spiked up and donning an oversized blazer over a black mini skirt and... Hollywood/TV/Reality TV Kelly Rowland, Robin Thicke To Perform on VH1’s ‘Dear Mama’ Special By Elle BreezyApril 27, 2017 Kelly Rowland and Robin Thicke have signed on to perform at the second annual VH1 special... Hollywood/TV/Reality TV Ne-Yo Performs Cameo’s ‘Candy’ On ‘Lip Sync Battle’ (Sneak Peek) By Elle BreezyApril 26, 2017 Ne-Yo sports a high-top wig and the iconic "red cup" like the lead singer from Cameo... Hollywood/TV/Reality TV Jamie Foxx To Host New Game Show ‘Beat Shazam’ By Elle BreezyApril 6, 2017 The game show “Beat Shazam” will air on the FOX network, a game where teams compete... Cuuuute! Blue Ivy Slays In Ballet Recital (Video) TDE Songstress SZA Unveils ‘CTRL’ Tracklisting Advertisement Follow Singersroom Facebook 38.7KFans Twitter 30.4KFollowers Instagram 5KFollowers Advertisement Trending Music Danny Kean – You Love Me Music Jordan King – Do That Music Anne Dereaux – Chop Advertisement Home Shop News Music Videos Artists Interviews The Soul Train Award winner for "Best Soul Site," Singersroom features top R&B Singers, candid R&B Interviews, New R&B Music, Soul Music, R&B News, R&B Videos, and editorials on fashion & lifestyle trends. In addition, we cover soul and R&B artist in the UK, Canada, and rest of the world. ©2017 Singersroom. All Rights Reserved. About | Contact | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sitemap Created & Managed by Purlue.com, a Long Island Web Design & SEO Company. A Member of Townsquare Music To Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart, Disney Sink Dow on Tuesday By Paul Ausick June 6, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet June 6, 2017: Markets opened lower Tuesday not an any specific news, but apparently awaiting to hear what former FBI Director James Comey has to say on Thursday. Tuesday’s best performing sector was energy and the worst performer was consumer discretionary goods. WTI crude oil for July delivery settled at $48.19 a barrel, up 1.7% for the day. August gold added 1.2% for the day to settle at $1,297.50. Equities were headed for a lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.18% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.28%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.32%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Tuesday was Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) which traded down 1.63% at $78.95. The stock’s 52-week range is $65.28 to $80.47. Volume was about 20% above the daily average of around 7.7 million shares. The company had no specific news, but Amazon’s announcement that it plans to offer discounted Prime memberships to customers receiving government assistance payments is whack at a serious piece of Walmart’s customer base. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 0.98% at $187.10. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $191.70. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 2.9 million shares. The company had no specific news. Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) traded down 0.98% at $95.61. The stock’s 52-week range is $73.25 to $96.60. Volume was about 35% below the daily average of around 7.7 million. The company had no specific news Tuesday. The Walt Disney Co. (NYSE: DIS) traded down 0.97% at $105.49. The stock’s 52-week range is $90.32 to $116.10. Volume was about 25% above the daily average of around 6.3 million shares. The company had no specific news Tuesday. Of the Dow stocks, 11 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 19 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Nearly 90% of Advertisers Desert Breitbart News in May Macy’s, Tegna Drop into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS), Visa (NYSE:V), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Most Dangerous Cars in America States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada The Worst Counties to Live In Recent NewLink Genetics Sinks After Regaining Licensing Rights for Its Cancer Treatment Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BHP Billiton, Carlyle, Freeport-McMoRan, Juno, Kite, Sempra Energy, Six Flags and More Is SciClone Pharma Getting Enough in the Buyout? 9 Companies That Destroyed Shareholders This Earnings Season Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Reinvents Its Private Brand These 2 Hated Dividend Stocks Are Buys How Nike Inc. Makes Most of Its Money NewLink Genetics' stock plunges 29% premarket after Genentech plans to return rights to cancer treatment Juno Therapeutics stock drops 5% after BTIG downgrades to sell August gold down $7.70, or 0.6%, at $1,285.60/oz. Not Too Worried to Rise Do Options Traders Know Something About Emerge Energy (EMES) Stock We Don't? Why Aqua Metals (AQMS) Could Be Positioned for a Slump Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised The Latest: ECB president says risks to economy diminished In Beijing, Perry promotes US-China clean energy cooperation Boeing Is Working On Self-Flying Plane Technology, And Our Hands Are Already Sweaty Interior Secretary Takes Aim At Obama-Era Sage Grouse Protections Trump's Proposed Cuts To Foreign Food Aid Are Proving Unpopular Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video US intelligence chiefs decline to discuss Trump contacts Santa Clara company's stolen goods lead straight to suspects, Suspect IDd in fatal East Bay stabbing stemming from brawl on bus Gas station clerk shot in San Leandro during holdup News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Ivanka Trump's brand distances itself from China shoemaker Multiple threats could lead to downfall of Brazil president The Latest: London attack venue slowly turns toward normal Congressional hearings have a high-stakes history Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Durant takes over Game 3 finale, makes shots that seal Cavs’ Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Giants waste Posey homer in rare Blach defeat Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Chariot expands in S.F. and eyes Seattle, London, Toronto SFO says it’s investigating claims airport workers were 5 big tech stocks build market euphoria, and jitters High, pizza; virtually better libraries; App Store ratings shift A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Band Aid’ an insightful comedy about a strained marriage The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Wendy Whelan truly a fascinating ‘Creature’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Oakland named a top city for vegans Bay Brews: AB InBev invests in RateBeer, Good Hop turns 3, and Blue Bottle to expand coffee empire on East Coast Peek behind the scenes of one of America's best beer fests, the Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Adorable Glen Park cottage with white picket fence asks $1.295 Midcentury home in Oakland country setting Custom mid-century in Atherton seems to float over redwood Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-June-7-11200873.php Business News Roundup, June 7 Chronicle Staff and News Services Published 5:13 pm, Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Photo: Paul Sakuma, Associated Press Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Dish Network has been fined for allowing telemarketers to call people on the Do Not Call list. The company says it plans to appeal. Dish Network has been fined for allowing telemarketers to call people on the Do Not Call list. The company says it plans to appeal. Photo: Paul Sakuma, Associated Press Business News Roundup, June 7 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Wellness classes to end Sutter Health affiliate California Pacific Medical Center plans to end its wellness program, which includes group and individual classes with physical therapists at its Pacific Campus in San Francisco, at the end of June. About 100 people use the program, which began in 2008, according to a Sutter Health spokesman. He declined to say how much money the move would save the health system. Physician-ordered physical therapy sessions will continue. The same licensed therapists that do physician-ordered physical therapy also lead the group and individual wellness classes. Ending the wellness program will help free up personnel to do the former, Sutter said. Latest business videos Many patients use the wellness program, which include Pilates and biking classes, to prevent future injuries, according to people who participate in the program, many of whom are seniors. The pool at the Pacific Campus rehabilitation center has also been permanently closed for repairs, and pool programs have been moved to the Davies campus. Telemarketers Dish fined $280 million An Illinois judge has ordered satellite-TV company Dish to pay $280 million for calling people who said they didn’t want to be bothered by telemarketers. The court found this week that Dish “caused millions and millions of violations of the Do Not Call laws.” Telemarketers are barred from calling people who have joined federal or state do-not-call registries or who’ve asked companies to leave them alone. The Justice Department said the $280 million penalty, which will go to the federal government, California, Illinois, North Carolina and Ohio, was the biggest ever penalty for telemarketing violations. Dish Network says it will appeal the ruling. It says the penalties are unfairly large and it’s being held responsible for telemarketing done by contractors, who in some cases hid what they were doing from Dish. E-commerce Amazon offers low-cost Prime Amazon will offer a discount on its pay-by-month Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The move, announced Tuesday, is seen by some analysts as an attempt to go after Walmart’s lower-income shoppers. The world’s largest retailer has revamped its shipping program and improved other services to drive online sales growth as it tries to narrow the gap with Amazon. People who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month for the Amazon Prime benefits like free shipping and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows. The typical Prime membership is $99 a year, but those who cannot afford to pay up front also have a $10.99-a-month option. Amazon designed this option to make its “selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime,” Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. Walmart e-commerce sales were up 63 percent in its first quarter. It now offers free-two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a purchase of $35. Online shoppers who collect their purchases at a store get extra discounts. Economy CEOs more optimistic Leading CEOs remain supportive of some of President Trump’s policy initiatives despite his still-hazy plan for cutting taxes and recent actions by Trump that have intensified attention on federal investigations of his campaign. The Business Roundtable said Tuesday that the executives’ economic outlook has reached its highest level in three years — a reading of 93.9, which suggests continued economic growth. The association found in its survey of CEOs that plans for capital investment rose 4.6 percentage points since the first quarter, while sales expectations increased 0.5 percentage point. Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase and chairman of the roundtable, suggested that the results reflect confidence in the prospect for overhauling taxes. Chronicle Staff and News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS SF rents down again year-over-year Ghost Ship convictions might be a tall order Uber CEO has started meditating in Uber's lactation room Phil Collins hospitalized after hotel room fall Santa Clara firm's stolen goods lead straight to suspects Oregon's shameful history as an 'all-white' state Fox News host tears into Trump: You're the problem Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Durant takes over Game 3 finale Did LeBron and Cavs violate concussion protocol? Draymond: Cleveland loves to hate him Thompson and Love went 'dancing' memes Historic photos of climbers on Mount Rainier Half Dome cables are up, trail already busy Oakland named a top city for vegans Oakland zoo unveils $13M restaurant and gondolas Sign of changing Mission: dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Humpback whales return to NYC for first time in a century The fastest selling cars in 2016 Janis, Jimi, Jorma: Stunning pics of the '67 Monterey Pop Fest Most Popular 1 Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead 2 S.F. Zoo visitor saw 2 victims of tiger attack teasing lions 3 Nevertheless, Kamala Harris Persisted: Senator Told to Pipe... 4 Horoscope for Thursday, 6/08/17 by Christopher Renstrom 5 Did LeBron and the Cavs violate the NBA's concussion protocol? 6 Fox News host tears into Trump: News media is not your problem... 7 Warriors could lose $22 million by sweeping Cavs, per report 8 Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns 9 Teens invent straw that detects date rape drugs, win business... 10 Klay Thompson and Kevin Love went 'dancing' during Game 3 and... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
[Sign Up Now] to Receive Our FREE Daily SCVTV-SCVNews Digest by E-Mail SCVNews.com | Hart District Programs Awarded More Than $50K in Donations from WiSH Foundation | 06-06-2017 Inside Weather Santa Clarita CA Cloudy 60°F   Calendar Today in S.C.V. History June 8 1851 - Newhall prohibitionist Henry Clay Needham born in Kentucky [story] Hart District Programs Awarded More Than $50K in Donations from WiSH Foundation Hart School District | Tuesday, Jun 6, 2017 Click Here to Get Our 'SCV This Morning' Newsletter Print PDF  Tweet This  Facebook  Digg This  Bookmark  Stumble  RSS WiSH is proud to have had another successful academic year of giving to the students in the William S. Hart Union High School District. Every school in the district benefits from WiSH funding to various programs; support this year has included Literacy, STEM Equipment, Special Education, MakerSpace Projects, Athletic Trainer Program and Music Programs, among others. This academic year, WiSH has directed nearly $52,000 to our district student programs with other programs still slated to be funded. WiSH would like to thank our community members who gave generously through individual donations and event tickets, and special funders Boston Scientific, Zonta International, The city of Santa Clarita and The Santa Clarita Walmart for their generosity. Through our generous community partners and individual donors, WiSH has grown bigger each year and made an increasingly larger impact on our students in grades 7-12 – that’s 23,000 students! If you have a student in the district, they have benefitted from WiSH funding. Every time you buy a ticket to one of our popular events and promotions, you help make a difference in the classroom. Upcoming events include the popular 18th Annual Burrito Bowl on August 22nd and our third annual, sold out Cocktails on the Roof event on August 25th (tickets available now) with the pre-event party at TPC’s Oaks Grill on August 17th. All year long we host a wonderful choice of events that you can keep posted on through www.wishscv.org and through our Foundation and event Facebook pages! WiSH supports programs and initiatives in the Hart District that are not funded by tax dollars alone. State and Federal support for public education does NOT meet need. If you or your company would like to make a difference, please contact Executive Director Amy Daniels at wish@hartdistrict.org. Find out more about WiSH and our upcoming events and news at www.wishscv.org. Share this story: Facebook Twitter Google More LinkedIn Pinterest MySpace Delicious Comment On This Story COMMENT POLICY: We welcome comments from individuals and businesses. All comments are moderated. Comments are subject to rejection if they are vulgar, combative, or in poor taste. REAL NAMES ONLY: All posters must use their real individual or business name. This applies equally to Twitter account holders who use a nickname. 0 Comments You can be the first one to leave a comment. Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name (required): Email (required): Website: Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. SCV NONPROFIT LINKS NONPROFIT HEADLINES > NONPROFIT NEWS ARCHIVE July 1: Cornhole Tournament Fundraiser for Avenues SLS Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 Santa Clarita Valley-based nonprofit Avenues Supported Living Services (Avenues SLS) celebrates its 20th anniversary by hosting the inaugural Cornhole Tournament fundraiser at the Old West Masonic Lodge in Newhall on Saturday, July 1 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. FULL STORY... Murthy Named Placerita Nature Center Volunteer of Year Wednesday, Jun 7, 2017 RuthAnne Murthy has been named 2017 Volunteer of the Year by the Placerita Canyon Nature Center Associates board of directors. FULL STORY... Hart District Programs Awarded More Than $50K in Donations from WiSH Foundation Tuesday, Jun 6, 2017 WiSH is proud to have had another successful academic year of giving to the students in the William S. Hart Union High School District. FULL STORY... July 29: Hart’s 1919 ‘Wagon Tracks’ Screens on ‘Silents Under the Stars’ Friday, Jun 2, 2017 Join the Friends of Hart Park once again for the exciting and entertaining “Silents Under the Stars” fundraiser at William S. Hart Park in Newhall on July 29 starting at 6 p.m. FULL STORY... Providence Provided $251 Mil. in Charity Care in 2016 Friday, Jun 2, 2017 Honoring a mission that dates back nearly 160 years, Providence Health & Services, invested last year more than $251 million in community benefit charity care, outreach programs and Medi-Cal shortfalls. FULL STORY... Latest Additions to SCVNews.com Today in SCV History (June 8) 1851 - Newhall prohibitionist Henry Clay Needham born in Kentucky [story] L.A. County Moody’s Credit Rating Upgraded to Aa1 Los Angeles County’s long-term credit ratings reached their highest levels in a decade after Moody’s this week upgraded the county from Aa2 to Aa1, potentially saving the county millions of dollars in interest expenses. Sand Canyon Pair Arrested for Drug Possession, Paraphernalia Deputies with the Santa Clarita Sheriff’s Station’s Special Assignment Team on Wednesday arrested a pair of women after serving a search warrant in Sand Canyon. SCV NewsBreak for Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Tonight on SCV NewsBreak, the Castaic Lake Water Agency has released the 2017 Annual Water Quality Report. Plus, one arrest was made after a brief pursuit around four thirty Tuesday night, June 6. Also, your weather report. Click the link to see these stories and more on tonight's edition of SCV NewsBreak. June 10: Mac’s Pool & Spa Customer Salute, Grand Opening Mac's Pool & Spa Supply will celebrate its 25th annual Customer Appreciation Day and the grand opening of a new location in Newhall on Saturday, June 10 from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. California, China Leaders Team Up to Push Zero-Emission Vehicles California officials met today with China’s leading automakers and battery manufacturers in an effort to expand cooperation and accelerate deployment of zero-emission cars, trucks and buses. California Joins Coalition to Keep Paris Climate Commitments California Attorney General Xavier Becerra, along with the attorneys general of 18 states, have pledged to maintain their commitment to fighting climate change and abide by the principles of the Paris Climate Change Agreement. Hike Santa Clarita Sets June Outings The Santa Clarita Library has several free programs this summer, including the upcoming "Build a Better World" program. These educational events cover topics from upcycling to art to hiking. June 29: City to Commemorate Opening of The MAIN The City of Santa Clarita will officially dedicate The MAIN, formerly the Repertory East Playhouse, with a ribbon-cutting ceremony in Old Town Newhall on Thursday, June 29 at 4 p.m. June 20: VIA Luncheon with Business Advisor Bruce Wright The Valley Industry Association will host a special luncheon presentation about planning for business leaders featuring business advisor Bruce Wright of Macro Strategic Design Inc. at the Valencia Country Club on Tuesday, June 20, starting at 11:45 a.m. CLWA, Santa Clarita Water Retailers Publish Annual Water Quality Report Castaic Lake Water Agency and water retailers published their annual report regarding Santa Clarita’s water quality on Wednesday. JetHawks Drop Rubber Game in San Jose Tuesday The Lancaster JetHawks fell to the San Jose Giants, 7-4, on Tuesday afternoon at San Jose's Municipal Stadium. California Wins $53 Million Judgment Against Dish Network California was awarded a $53.25 million judgment yesterday against Dish Network, which engaged in a nationwide campaign of illegal telemarketing and made unwanted calls to thousands of people registered on the Do Not Call registry, many of them California residents. July 1: Cornhole Tournament Fundraiser for Avenues SLS Santa Clarita Valley-based nonprofit Avenues Supported Living Services (Avenues SLS) celebrates its 20th anniversary by hosting the inaugural Cornhole Tournament fundraiser at the Old West Masonic Lodge in Newhall on Saturday, July 1 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. BioSolar Pacts Development Deal with Top Battery BioSolar, Inc. has announced that the Company has executed a joint development agreement with Top Battery Co., Ltd., based in the Republic of Korea. CalArts Alumna is Second Female to Win Best Director at Cannes Film Festival Academy Award-winning filmmaker and CalArts alumna Sofia Coppola (Art 94) has won Best Director at the recently concluded 2017 Cannes Film Festival held in France. CalArtian VR Film Shown at Cannes Film Festival Filmmakers are turning to VR to create new cinematic experiences, changing the ways audiences relate to onscreen action. June 8-10: Santa Clarita Arts Upcoming Events Here is the Santa Clarita Arts Upcoming Events schedule for June 8-10, 2017. CalArtian Curates Feminist Film Clips for Amazon Series Following the success of Amazon TV's "Transparent," showrunner Jill Soloway created and directed "I Love Dick", a new Amazon series based on Chris Kraus' seminal 1995 book of the same name. Hitting the Road? Better Secure That Load Caltrans urges motorists and commercial vehicle operators to make sure their loads are secure before driving, because transporting unsecured loads is unsafe, illegal and pollutes California’s roads and waterways. June 19: Cowboy Football Camp Kick-off at Canyon High Registration is now open for young Santa Clarita football players ages 6-14 for the summer 2017 Cowboy Football Camp, which kicks off at Canyon High School Monday, June 19. Lambert Pitches JetHawks to Shutout Win Monday Peter Lambert tossed seven shutout innings and the Lancaster JetHawks broke a scoreless tie in the eighth inning in a 4-0 win over the San Jose Giants at Municipal Stadium Monday night. Murthy Named Placerita Nature Center Volunteer of Year RuthAnne Murthy has been named 2017 Volunteer of the Year by the Placerita Canyon Nature Center Associates board of directors. Today in SCV History (June 7) 1861 - Fort Tejon commander ordered to abandon fort (est. 1854) & transfer garrison to Los Angeles [story] Santa Clarita Blue Heat Wins Home Opener 1-0 The Santa Clarita Blue Heat held their home opener Sunday at The Master’s University against the Real Salt Lake Women. Board of Supervisors Proclaims June ‘Refugee Awareness Month’ in L.A. County To celebrate the numerous contributions that refugees have made to enhance the culture in Los Angeles County, the Board of Supervisors has proclaimed June as “Refugee Awareness Month.” One Arrest Made after Brief Pursuit in Santa Clarita A brief pursuit in the Santa Clarita Valley Tuesday lead to one suspect in custody, according to Los Angeles County Sheriff’s officials. Nearly Two Dozen Probation Searches Conducted in SCV Four teams from the Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff’s Station, and another from Los Angeles County’s Probation Department, conducted nearly two dozen searches Tuesday morning starting at 7 a.m. Wilk Calls on Newsom to Act on School Facility Bond Sales Senator Scott Wilk, R- Antelope Valley, urged California's acting governor, Gavin Newsom to stop the stalling on school facility bond sales and respect the will of the voters. SCV NewsBreak for Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Tonight on SCV NewsBreak, teams from the SCV Sheriff's Station and L.A. County Probation Department conducted nearly two dozen probation searches on Tuesday. Plus, drivers need watch for this upcoming road closure. Watch these stories and more on tonight's edition of SCV NewsBreak. Hart District Programs Awarded More Than $50K in Donations from WiSH Foundation WiSH is proud to have had another successful academic year of giving to the students in the William S. Hart Union High School District. June 6: Regular Meeting of SUSD Governing Board The regular board meeting of the Saugus Union School District Governing Board will be held Tuesday, June 6 at 7:30 p.m. at the Education Center, 24930 Avenue Stanford, Santa Clarita, CA 91355. June 8: Agenda for Arts Commission Regular Meeting Agenda for Arts Commission Regular Meeting Thursday, June 8, 6:30 PM at City Council Chambers 23920 Valencia Blvd. 1st Floor Santa Clarita, CA 91355 June 8: Parks, Recreation, and Community Services Commission Special Meeting Parks, Recreation, and Community Services Commission Special Meeting, Thursday, June 8, 9:00 a.m. at the Century Room, 23920 Valencia Blvd. 1st Floor, Santa Clarita, CA 91355. June 24: Informational Meeting at COC to Discuss Foster and Foster-Adoptive Parenting Adoption is a meaningful way for individuals and couples to fulfill their dream of parenting. JetHawks Shortstop Named California League Player of the Month Lancaster JetHawks shortstop Brendan Rodgers has been awarded the California League Player of the Month for May by Minor League Baseball. SCVTV Media Center 22505 14th Street Unit E Santa Clarita, Calif. 91321 Phone: 661-251-TV20 FAX: 661-290-2536 Click here for the Mobile Site Operating Hours Monday - Thursday: 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM Friday: By Appointment Only Email: info@scvtv.com SCVTV is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation. All rights reserved.
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Crime Stories» Pregnant Inmate Raped by Guard Gets $6.7M Feds: Michigan Doctor May Have Cut 100 Girls' Genitals Making a Murderer Lawyer Makes Stunning Accusation Cosby Accuser Doesn't Stumble in 7 Hours on Witness Stand 'Tin Man' Busted for Being Rusty on Driving Laws Man Charged With Murder After Girlfriend Dies of AIDS Britain May Have Found 8th Victim in London Attack Terminally Ill Man Got Lost on Way to Kill Doctors: Cops What Cosby's Chief Accuser Said on the Stand She Prodded Her Boyfriend to Kill Himself. He Did. 2 Shots, Then Man Down Near Notre Dame Cathedral In 'Devastating Betrayal,' 100 Star Wars Items Stolen Crime / Walmart Go to Grid|Next Story Mom Charged After Boy's Teeth Pulled in Walmart Restroom Mom allegedly used pliers to pull two of son's teeth without anesthesia By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted Jun 6, 2017 5:41 PM CDT 86 comments Comments File photo   (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File)File photo   (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) (Newser) – Authorities say a Utah woman pulled two of her son's teeth in a Walmart restroom. Prosecutors said Monday that the 47-year-old woman bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son's teeth. Police in American Fork, Utah, say the boy's older brother heard the child screaming and got him out of the restroom on April 2. Charging documents say the boy told his brother that one of the teeth was loose, but the other was only slightly loose. Prosecutors say the woman didn't use any kind of anesthetic. The woman was charged with felony child abuse. The AP is not naming her to avoid identifying the child.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   6% Hilarious 2% Intriguing 23% Depressing 1% Brilliant 38% Scary 30% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 86 comments Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Trump's Tweets May Make Things Harder for US Military in Qatar Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 86 comments Jerman 1 hour, 17 minutes ago Guess the old string attached to the doorknob is cruel and unusual punishment nowadays. Joe the plumber Jun 7, 2017 7:44 PM CDT Did she take him in the men's room or the women's room? I guess it doesn't matter since they have transvestite restrooms now. Anyone can pee anywhere they want. Leslie Mashmann Jun 7, 2017 5:25 PM CDT I think that the pliers and the screaming may have initiated the felony charge. If she coundn't bet the teeth pulled out using pliers, then the teeth weren't ready to come out. View all 86 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Kidnappers Find Out It's Unwise to Mess With Sharpshooter 1 Family Says Girl, 2, Died After Tick Bite 2 MTV Reality Star Found Dead 3 Comey's Released Testimony Is 'Equivalent of the Nixon Tapes' 4 Reality Winner Had High Security Clearance. She Isn't Alone 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Teacher Is Accused of Video-Taping Students in Disgusting Acts of Perversion The Weather Channel Trolls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Agreement Enter to Win a Trip to LA! Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Clumsy Waitress Was Arrested for What She Dropped in a Police Officer's Drink This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science How Drug Dealers Get Caught, as Told by a Police Officer Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners 6/8 CBS2 Thursday Afternoon Weather Headlines Police: 20-Foot Aluminum Handicapped Ramp Stolen From LI Home Jersey City Mayor Calls Video Showing Officers Kicking Man On Fire After Crash... Go to CBS Local Pride Is Good for Employees, and It's Good for Business Capturing Private Moments in the LGBT Community How Inclusive Are U.S. Employers? Go to Ozy “Property Brothers” Drew and Jonathan made a stunning admission in this new... Thousands of dollars pour in for alleged NSA leaker Reality Winner as she... Escaping inmates learned the painful way that barbed wire is no joke Go to Rare Katy Perry Shades Taylor Swift In Dramatic New Interview: “Things Irritate Me” These Glow-In-The-Dark Doughnuts Are Perfect For Your Late Night Sweet Tooth 9 Reasons Why Your Period Is Late That Have Nothing To Do With Being Pregnant Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: US job openings climb to record 10:37 June 7, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk June 7 (BusinessDesk) Wall Street was mixed a day before Brits head to the polls, former FBI Director James Comey testifies and European Central Bank policy makers gather.While you were sleeping: US job openings climb to record By Margreet Dietz June 7 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed a day before Brits head to the polls, former FBI Director James Comey testifies and European Central Bank policy makers gather. Meanwhile, US Treasuries rose, pushing the yield on the 10-year note four basis points lower to 2.14 percent. In 2.41pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 0.06 percent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.08 percent. In 2.26pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index slid 0.13 percent. “There is not much scheduled today that could potentially inspire the markets as the main focus this week is on ‘Super Thursday,”’ Piotr Matys, a London-based currency strategist at Rabobank, wrote in a client note, according to Bloomberg. “Essentially, we brace for a volatile session on Thursday and Friday as at least one of those crucial events could trigger sharp moves in the markets.” The Dow slid as declines in shares of Wal-Mart Stores and those of Walt Disney, recently down 1.8 percent and 0.8 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Exxon Mobil and those of Chevron, recently up 1.4 percent and 1.1 percent respectively. As if investors needed further confirmation of expectations that Federal Reserve policy makers will lift interest rates at their two-day meeting next week, a key metric offered exactly that. The Labour Department’s Job Openings and Labour Turnover Survey, or JOLTS, showed that US job openings climbed 259,000 to a seasonally adjusted 6.0 million in April, a record high. “These data underscore the difficulty in hiring new workers, which we think is increasingly likely to be a factor restraining payroll growth going forward,” John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York, told Reuters. “The Fed becomes somewhat uneasy when the labour market becomes too tight and this report supports the Fed’s case to nudge rates higher next week.” In the latest US earnings data, shares of Michaels Companies tumbled, down 7.5 percent as of 2.49pm in New York, after the arts and craft retailer downgraded its earnings outlook because of the weakening Canadian dollar. “The value of the Canadian dollar has weakened since we established our prior outlook, and we have adjusted our fiscal 2017 full year guidance to reflect our expectation this currency trend continues,” Chuck Rubin, chief executive officer, said in a statement. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.7 percent retreat from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index inched 0.01 percent lower, while France’s CAC40 Index declined 0.7 percent, and Germany’s DAX Index dropped 1 percent. ECB President Mario Draghi is set to speak after the Governing Council meeting ends on Thursday. “The Governing Council is likely to remain very cautious in its communication about the exit strategy in an environment where, despite the good growth performance, the outlook for inflation remains bleak,” Philippe Gudin, chief European economist at Barclays, told Bloomberg. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Sanford, Xero drop Govt questions future of NZ Venture Investment Fund NZ dollar edges up vs Aussie on weak Australian data TIL Group beefs up North Island presence Palmerston North gets the pies in Goodman Fielder rejig Debt-to-income limit of five times would cut risk of crash Auckland Airport CEO downplays criticism of new pricing Entrepreneur visa attracts 300 applicants New public transport contracts to bring service improvements Three Kiwis in Australia-Pacific 10 Young Chef Semifinalists Joyce Promises to Look After Quake-Hit Businesses National’s Crisis of Its Own Making Fiat 500 Wins Auto Express Driver Power 2017 Award Property Institute repeats warning of ‘DTI disaster’ Investors Focused On Super Thursday Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Macy’s Inc (M), Dollar General Corp. (DG) and Fastenal Company (FAST) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks M, DG and FAST stock all used more than their fair share of red ink on Tuesday By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jun 6, 2017, 4:46 pm EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     Popular Posts: 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Happens Recent Posts: Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Isn’t an On-Demand Video Play, Yet, But Give it Time Why Snap Inc (SNAP), Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) and Cenovus Energy Inc (USA) (CVE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 5 Budgeting Tips That Will Help You Survive After Graduation View All Posts For a while on Tuesday it looked like the bulls might fight their way into the black, overcoming Monday’s lethargy. When push came to shove as the closing bell approached though, it was the bears doing all of the pushing and shoving. Between the U.K.’s election and a looming testimony from former FBI Director James Comey, traders just had no appetite to stay long. The S&P 500 ended the day down 0.28%, at 2,429.33. It could have been worse though … you could have owned Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M), Dollar General Corp. (NYSE:DG) and Fastenal Company (NASDAQ:FAST). These three names were among the day’s biggest losers, albeit for understandable reasons. Fastenal Company (FAST) In the grand scheme of things, the news from industrial fastener company Fastenal wasn’t terrible. But, in the current market environment, anything less than impressive is a problem for FAST investors … and all investors for that matter. On Tuesday morning, Fastenal Company reported daily sales in May were up 9.5% in the United States, and up 9.7% globally. Problem is, analysts were calling for a growth pace of about 10%. May’s figure also suggests the rate of growth is slowing down on a sequential basis. FAST ended the day down 5.7%. Dollar General Corp. (DG) Discount retailer Dollar General lost 3.8% of its value today, though it was in good company. Dollar Tree, Inc. (NASDAQ:DLTR) was off 3%, and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) fell 1.7%. They were all down for the same underlying reason though; DG just led the way. That underlying reason was news that Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) was lowering its price for Prime membership to people receiving some sort of government assistance. Rather than the normal rate of $10.99 per month, those members will only pay $5.99 per month, but still receive all the normal benefits (like free shipping) of Prime. The e-commerce giant’s move also dovetails nicely with something it has been working on since earlier this year … accepting Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, funding payments for eligible food purchased through its website. The developments take dead aim at a huge sliver of Wal-Mart’s, Dollar General’s and Dollar Tree’s customer base. It’s estimated that more than 20% of Wal-Mart’s customers receive some sort of public-assistance for food, though DG investors clearly thought Dollar General was even more jeopardized by Amazon’s announcement. Macy’s Inc (M) Finally, as a not-so-gentle reminder that (most) retailers are fighting a losing battle, upper-middle shopping venue Macy’s cautioned its investors on Tuesday. The blow was dealt on Tuesday morning at an analyst event. CFO Karen Hoguet warned that the current quarter’s gross margin rate could be down 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis. They won’t get much better soon either. For all of 2017, Hoguet is looking for a 60 to 80 basis point drop in the retailer’s gross margin rate. GlobalData Retail managing director Neil Saunders commented: “I think this is proof that while Macy’s talks a good game, on the ground very little has changed in stores. It isn’t really a surprise but it is slightly disappointing because the company has been doing some things to try and turn itself around.” Macy’s shareholders agreed, sending M lower to the tune of 8.3%, and to new multi-year lows as a result. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/why-macys-inc-m-dollar-general-corp-dg-and-fastenal-company-fast-are-3-of-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Discover What the World Thinks of U.S. Home Our Team Volunteers Wanted Foreign News Sources Archives About About Us In the Media Donate Trump Is Harming Himself One gets the impression the man is living on another planet. coal industry Donald Trump Germany Paris Climate Agreement renewable energy renewable energy jobs US public opinion Published in Frankfurter Rundschau (Germany) on 2 June 2017 by Joachim Wille [link to original] Translated from German by Sandra Alexander. Edited by Rachel Pott. Posted on June 6, 2017. The U.S. president is “Bush reloaded” with, unfortunately, even worse arguments. History does not repeat itself. If it does, then it is as a grotesque. In the case of Donald Trump and U.S. environmental protections, it is a grotesque that could become a tragedy for Americans. The president of this world power is trying to make his country great again with fossil fuels. In so doing, he is leading his country into worldwide isolation, not only politically but also economically. One gets the impression the man is living on another planet. Trump stages himself as the savior of his nation, a country allegedly threatened by an international climate treaty, the Paris Climate Agreement, which was adopted in 2015. The pattern is not new. Trump is “Bush reloaded” with, unfortunately, even worse arguments. His presidential predecessor, George W. Bush, demonstrated how one could jump out of an environmental protection train in motion. Bush then plainly explained that the Kyoto Protocol, which was also signed by the U.S., was contrary to the “American way of life” – and disallowed ratification in the U.S. Congress. The Paris precursor, which only bound industrialized nations to cut greenhouse gases, required a comparatively moderate reduction of carbon dioxide emissions. The American petroleum and coal industries balked at this, and Bush was their loyal agent. The current president has a similar argument, only the world of energy has completely changed since Bush dropped out of Kyoto. Wind and solar energy have become so inexpensive that they now represent the job engine Trump is looking for, of all places, in the old coal mines and out-of-service coal power plants. Since 2013, the number of coal jobs in the U.S. has decreased from around 80,000 to 53,000; at the same time, the number of jobs in the renewable energy field has increased from 183,000 to 476,000. Nowhere else in the country are there more wind turbines being built than in the oil state of Texas, of all places, and many states, with California at the forefront, will not participate in Trump’s climate hara-kiri. Public opinion in the U.S. has also turned. Not only the renewable energy sector, but also firms like Apple and Walmart, have called on Trump to not throw Paris in the trash – even the oil company Exxon, which against better judgement had long denied climate change, supports it. According to surveys, two-thirds of Americans come out in favor of staying in the agreement, and even three-quarters of Republican supporters call for promoting the renewable energy sector. Either Trump didn’t notice or, alternatively, Trump’s radical strategy advisers from the far right, Stephen Bannon and Stephen Miller, succeeded in selling the Paris disaster as a liberating strike in the face of miserable popularity numbers and flops from health care reform and the Mexican border wall. A bad deal for the dealmaker, which will soon become apparent. Naturally, Trump’s Paris exit is an affront to the rest of the world – including all 194 nations that signed the agreement, like the preceding Obama government. Now it appears as if the president has actually done something good for international environmental protection. One could almost be thankful to him. Trump’s half a year of continual Paris in-or-out games compelled the other big players in climate policy, above all China, as well as the other Group of Seven leading industrial nations and the EU, to position themselves in protection of the Paris Climate Agreement. Now, after the upheaval, the agreement is all the more valid. The worldwide indignation is huge. Even former U.S. brothers in the spirit of fossil fuels, like Australia or Russia, are turning away from Trump’s climate policies. Now, however, it depends on whether deeds follow the avowals. How serious the Paris fans are after their “mega-outing” will be demonstrated at the Group of 20 leading rich and developing nations' June summit in Hamburg. Here, climate policy is a main topic and it might come to a hard confrontation between the other heads of state and Trump. It will also be crucial to see how the world community promotes the implementation of the Paris Climate Agreement at future climate summits. Here, two areas need improvement: The carbon dioxide goals of the nations must be stepped up in order to still comply with the 1.5 to 2 degree warming limit. And the multi-billion dollar climate financing for developing nations must be ensured. Both are all the more urgent since Washington is withdrawing its support, and the other nations – at least for the time being – must make it their job. Here it is an advantage that the U.S. will hardly be able to take part in climate conferences as a normal member any longer, given that a formal exit may take four years according to the conditions of the Paris Climate Agreement. The dropout U.S. now lacks the leverage to stall the negotiations as was long the case with Kyoto. It is not for nothing that the coal industry petitioned Trump to stay in the Paris Climate Agreement, to keep a foot in the door. Trump amputated this foot. Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @watchingamerica RSS Feed SUBSCRIBE TO OUR RSS FEED Mailing List Would you like to subscribe to our mailing list? Enter your email address: Supported by for an America at peace with the world and itself. Keep us free of intrusive advertising. Make a once a year-donation to Watching America here: Supported by Ending Left vs. Right. THE MODERATE VOICE CLICK HERE for... ... A moderate independent's take on news, events and culture - by veteran journalist Joe Gandelman with writers from around the world. For those who believe that divergent ideas do not cause brain cancer With an extensive categorized blogroll! Contact Us info@watchingamerica.com Watching America Disclaimer About Us Archives Volunteer Area Log in Register Custom programming solutions by Kyle Moore. (Credits)
 Business  Contact  About  Services  Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health    Contact  About  Services Scoop Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Network Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search   Scoop  Business    While you were sleeping: US job openings climb to record Wednesday, 7 June 2017, 10:37 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: US job openings climb to record By Margreet Dietz June 7 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed a day before Brits head to the polls, former FBI Director James Comey testifies and European Central Bank policy makers gather. Meanwhile, US Treasuries rose, pushing the yield on the 10-year note four basis points lower to 2.14 percent. In 2.41pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 0.06 percent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.08 percent. In 2.26pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index slid 0.13 percent. “There is not much scheduled today that could potentially inspire the markets as the main focus this week is on ‘Super Thursday,”’ Piotr Matys, a London-based currency strategist at Rabobank, wrote in a client note, according to Bloomberg. “Essentially, we brace for a volatile session on Thursday and Friday as at least one of those crucial events could trigger sharp moves in the markets.” The Dow slid as declines in shares of Wal-Mart Stores and those of Walt Disney, recently down 1.8 percent and 0.8 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Exxon Mobil and those of Chevron, recently up 1.4 percent and 1.1 percent respectively. As if investors needed further confirmation of expectations that Federal Reserve policy makers will lift interest rates at their two-day meeting next week, a key metric offered exactly that. The Labour Department's Job Openings and Labour Turnover Survey, or JOLTS, showed that US job openings climbed 259,000 to a seasonally adjusted 6.0 million in April, a record high. "These data underscore the difficulty in hiring new workers, which we think is increasingly likely to be a factor restraining payroll growth going forward," John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York, told Reuters. "The Fed becomes somewhat uneasy when the labour market becomes too tight and this report supports the Fed's case to nudge rates higher next week." In the latest US earnings data, shares of Michaels Companies tumbled, down 7.5 percent as of 2.49pm in New York, after the arts and craft retailer downgraded its earnings outlook because of the weakening Canadian dollar. “The value of the Canadian dollar has weakened since we established our prior outlook, and we have adjusted our fiscal 2017 full year guidance to reflect our expectation this currency trend continues," Chuck Rubin, chief executive officer, said in a statement. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.7 percent retreat from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index inched 0.01 percent lower, while France’s CAC40 Index declined 0.7 percent, and Germany’s DAX Index dropped 1 percent. ECB President Mario Draghi is set to speak after the Governing Council meeting ends on Thursday. “The Governing Council is likely to remain very cautious in its communication about the exit strategy in an environment where, despite the good growth performance, the outlook for inflation remains bleak,” Philippe Gudin, chief European economist at Barclays, told Bloomberg. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. Contact BusinessDesk Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz           Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH   Foodstuffs On Cadbury Exit: Backing Bid To Keep Candy In Dunedin One team from Dunedin, led by Dr Jim O’Malley, has put their hand up to rescue the factory and continue manufacturing the favourite Kiwi candies... More>> ALSO: Foodstuffs Limited - Help us save Jaffas and Pineapple Lumps! E tu - Cadbury Products Could Still Be Made in New Zealand Image 2012 Cadbury - Patriotic Cadbury Jaffa Race a success with $49,560 raised 10 Months To April: Crown Accounts Ahead Of Forecast The OBEGAL was a surplus of $2.5 billion for the ten months to 30 April 2017, compared to a forecast surplus of $1.0 billion. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Strong Crown Accounts in April Deregulating Copper: Govt Announces Final Details Of Telco Act Reform Telcos have responded positively to news the government announced the final details of the reform package for the Telecommunications Act that refines regulatory settings that will apply to fibre and copper fixed line services from 2020 although some concerns have been raised. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Final telecommunications reform package announced TUANZ - Telecommunications Review provides a number of wins Scoops Coverage: Budget 2017 Announcements, reaction, and analysis, as well as a look back at the leadup to Budget 2017. More>>  Submit News / Press Releases   Follow Scoop on Facebook   Follow Scoop on Twitter       Featured InfoPages     Bill Bennett on Tech Smart watch: The revolution that didn’t happen 06 Jun | Bill Bennett Huawei Nova Lite: NZ$400 Android alternative 06 Jun | Bill Bennett Commerce Commission investigates Vodafone FibreX 03 Jun | Bill Bennett Mobile termination rate revision not pressing 30 May | Bill Bennett IBM remote work recall a red herring 29 May | Bill Bennett RBI2 bidders at Rural Connectivity Symposium 29 May | Bill Bennett More  RSS   Business Scoop Valuecruncher MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Sanford, Xero drop 8:35 PM | admin Govt questions future of NZ Venture Investment Fun... 8:13 PM | admin NZ dollar edges up vs Aussie on weak Australian da... 8:11 PM | admin TIL Group beefs up North Island presence 8:10 PM | admin Palmerston North gets the pies in Goodman Fielder ... 8:09 PM | admin Debt-to-income limit of five times would cut risk ... 8:07 PM | admin Auckland Airport CEO downplays criticism of new pr... 8:06 PM | admin More  RSS  News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More  RSS  News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Scoop Newsagent News Intelligence Email Alerts      Contact  About  Services  View as: FULL SITE | MOBILE SITE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Scoop Foundation Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use Apply for a licence © Scoop Media  
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work With Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices Posted by Dyana Bagby on June 6, 2017. Walking tour of Winters Chapel Road in Dunwoody planned for June 9 Dunwoody City Councilmember Doug Thompson will be leading a walking tour of Winters Chapel Road on Friday, June 9, beginning at 8 a.m. at the Walmart at 5025 Winters Chapel Road. Mayor Denis Shortal and other City Council members as well as city staff are expected to participate. The walk is open to the public. “The tour is for all council, staff, concerned citizens and businesses to evaluate and strategize what improvements are needed on Winters Chapel Road and Peachtree Industrial Boulevard access road,” Thompson said. “Winters Chapel Road is an area in Dunwoody that arguably is in most need of improvements and in my opinion gets the least amount of funding.” Below, Winters Chapel Road between Walmart and Peachtree Industrial Boulevard. About Dyana Bagby Mail | More Posts (1094) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Recent Posts Dunwoody sets public hearings to establish ad valorem tax rates Brookhaven to begin Osborne Road storm drainage improvements June 12 Proposed Wieuca / Phipps roundabout met with community skepticism Brookhaven hires bilingual ‘Public Engagement Specialist’ Fulton Commissioner Morris to hold June 19 town hall on property assessments Community Links City of Atlanta City of Brookhaven City of Brookhaven – Calendar of Events City of Dunwoody City of Dunwoody – Calendar of Events City of Sandy Springs City of Sandy Springs – Community Calendar City of Sandy Springs – Public Meeting Calendar CVB of Dunwoody – Things to do in Dunwoody Sandy Springs Hospitality & Tourism My Tweets Quick Links Facebook Search Our Archives Twitter Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work With Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices © 2017, ↑ Reporter Newspapers Log in- Posts - Add New - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes Sign up for our NewsMails Enter your email and stay on top of local news!
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Amazon fights poverty with Prime discount for those on food stamps by Tristan Greene — in insights Credit: The Next Web 270 shares Amazon is giving poverty an upgrade by offering customers on government assistance programs a 45-percent discount on Amazon Prime. The Amazon service is normally $10.99 monthly but the discount for those with EBT cards drops to just $5.99 per month. The mega-retailer previously announced that it would accept EBT benefits on its website for the purchase of applicable products. Now those same customers will be able to take advantage of Prime Shipping — and other features included in the Prime subscription service.   Let’s be real here Living poor sucks and it is expensive. Late payments turn into final notices, which become disconnect notices with late fees, reconnect fees, and security deposits. Paycheck-to-paycheck means emergencies are catastrophic. Allowing those same food stamp recipients to cut the cost of Prime membership in half is going to increase sign-ups and encourage those on EBT benefits to consider Amazon their local supermarket. The Prime service takes shopping on Amazon and adds free shipping, member-only deals and sales, and special events – all things that will save poor people money. Food stamps make up a huge portion of “super store” sales. Bloomberg reported that Wal-Mart raked in 18 percent of all food stamp spending – roughly 14 billion dollars – in 2013. There’s no doubt Amazon wants a piece of that pie and they’ve found a way to do it that immediately taps into an entirely new market. The best part: nobody is footing the bill. It’s a straight-up discount for customers who qualify. Today there are approximately 43 million Americans receiving EBT benefits When viewed as a cost-saving measure — the potential is there for those already on a tight budget to see some relief without necessarily changing the products they purchase. It also by provides an inexpensive replacement for Netflix and Hulu (and set-top boxes) – as the service comes with Prime Video. Access to members-only sales could save money on things like diapers and medical accessories. Lower-income customers should have options – and Amazon is a great one when compared to other online retailers. Amazon isn’t a niche` site for those who don’t need assistance; in fact, those who need to save money will almost certainly benefit from Prime if they convert enough of their local purchases to online purchases. Most people own or have access to an online capable device. The idea of food stamp recipients with cell phones makes sense in today’s world – internet access is a necessity: like electricity, gas, and indoor plumbing. We need it to find jobs. It’s how we network and keep in touch. Free WiFi access coupled with better data plans makes this Amazon discount more than just 5 extra bucks a month. The discount to Prime positions the service to be accessible to a portion of the population usually thought of as being expendable to online retailers. Anything that provides value for the impoverished – without costing taxpayers a dime is a good thing. Amazon accomplishes that with this discount and I say kudos to them. Read next: 5 Tips to Make Your Website Attractive Amazon Share on Facebook (71) Share on Twitter (169) Tristan Greene is a reporter from Illinois, USA. Happy to hear your thoughts on tristan@thenextweb.com or @mrgreene1977 on Twitter. Tristan Greene is a sailor gleefully writing about living on dry land. He's been known to brag about his Rockband 2 scores. Contact Mail Tweet Location Illinois, USA Posts 16   All posts by Tristan > The latest articles around Amazon Amazon Prime Video comes to Apple TV at long last Napier Lopez Amazon patent details desire to rain Prime deliveries from the heavens Rachel Kaser Amazon and Audible get dramatic, offer enticing grants for playwrights Rachel Kaser Here's some more distraction Craigslist ad for fake dads is the saddest thing we've seen today Carissa Lintao Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Alien mystery solved: It was just gas Tristan Greene Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Comments Recommended Tech is distracting and addictive, but it doesn't have to be Már Másson Maack Most popular 1 Apple adds support for animated GIFs and dedicated screen recording tool in iOS 11 Mix 2 Pokemon-loving developers are going to want this Poke-themed terminal Mix 3 Watch this cyborg dragonfly drone take flight Tristan Greene 4 WhatsApp adds photo filters and albums on iOS Napier Lopez 5 Get the training to become a certified Cisco network pro for just $39 TNW Deals Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company Picnic Think. Dare. Do. ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Latest 1 This is how much a Silk Road clone costs Matthew Hughes 2 7 essential apps to help you during Ramadan Sello Moloi 3 Build software like Lego with this smart new developer tool Matthew Hughes 4 Craigslist ad for fake dads is the saddest thing we've seen today Carissa Lintao 5 Celebrate VCR Day by watching children try and figure one out Tristan Greene Upcoming Events Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Latest News Dow 21,187 +13.11 +0.06% Nasdaq 6,297 -0.42 -0.01% S&P 500 2,434 +1.20 +0.05% 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:34 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment 9:10 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock rockets as company explores 'going private' deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release SmartREIT and Mitchell Goldhar Announce Transit City Condos in SmartCentres Place Substantially Sold Out By Published: June 6, 2017 5:17 p.m. ET Share TORONTO, ONTARIO, Jun 06, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - June 6, 2017) - Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (SRU.UN) and Mitchell Goldhar are pleased to announce that the first and second condo towers called Transit City are substantially sold out, and as a result of the actual sales figures, SmartREIT is amending its previously announced guidance by increasing profitability on these towers to an estimated return of 25-30% on costs from the previously announced 15-20%. These are the inaugural residential buildings at SmartCentres Place. Each of these sold-out towers are 55 storeys, the tallest buildings in Vaughan, and a beacon for the adjacent transit infrastructure and the development itself. The towers include 1,110 residential units and are steps from the TTC's soon-to-be-opened subway station. The subway station is located in the hub of SmartCentres Place. Transit City Condos is a joint venture between SmartREIT, Mitchell Goldhar and CentreCourt Developments. Residents of Transit City Condos will benefit from a traffic-free commute from Highways 7 and 400 to all parts of the GTA, including a direct subway line to downtown Toronto and all parts in-between. Designed by Diamond Schmitt Architects, with contemporary interiors designed by Figure3 and world class landscapes designed by Claude Cormier & Associés, Transit City Condos, which represent the new urban lifestyle in the GTA, will also feature the first BUCA-branded restaurant and BAR BUCA outside of downtown Toronto in the lobby of Transit City's North Tower. "We are delighted with the market's response to Transit City Condos, our first residential buildings at the emerging city centre we call SmartCentres Place. Proximity to transit, the unifying green spaces featuring our 9-acre park, has translated into strong demand for these units. This is a people-first, pedestrian city. And the people get that," said Mitchell Goldhar, Chairman of the Board of SmartREIT. "After years of planning, SmartCentres Place is finally taking shape … and taking shape fast. We anticipate continued, high quality interest for office, retail and residential for the foreseeable future," added Mr. Goldhar. Construction of the two towers is expected to begin in late 2017. Construction is already underway on the 220,000 square foot mixed use building consisting of PwC as the lead tenant, a 100,000 square foot flagship YMCA with child care and health and fitness facilities, and a 20,000 square foot City of Vaughan Library and studio space. SmartCentres Place in the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre has been planned as a complete pedestrian-oriented community with a mix of uses including office, residential, retail, and civic, anchored by a large central park with many connected open spaces throughout the 100 acres. About SmartREIT SmartREIT is one of Canada's largest real estate investment trusts with total assets of approximately $8.9 billion. It owns and manages 32 million square feet in value-oriented, principally Walmart-anchored retail centres, having the strongest national and regional retailers as well as strong neighbourhood merchants. In addition, SmartREIT is a joint-venture partner in the Toronto and Montreal Premium Outlets with Simon Property Group. SmartREIT is now expanding the breadth of its portfolio to include residential (condominium and rental), office, and self-storage, either on its large urban properties such as the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre (VMC) or as an adjunct to its existing shopping centres. SmartREIT's core vision is to provide a value-oriented shopping experience in all forms to Canadian consumers and to create high quality mixed use developments in urban settings. With SmartREIT's 2015 acquisition of SmartCentres, SmartREIT has transformed into a fully integrated real estate provider. SmartREIT and SmartCentres have had a long and successful alliance, helping to provide Canadians with value-focused retail shopping centres across the country. Now, the alliance has grown even stronger, the result is a fully integrated real estate provider with expertise in planning, development, leasing, operations and construction - all under one roof. For more information, visit www.smartreit.com. About Mitchell Goldhar Mitchell Goldhar is Chairman of the Board of SmartREIT and its largest unitholder. Mr. Goldhar, founder of SmartCentres has developed 56 million square feet in 265 shopping centres in all provinces across Canada. In addition, Penguin Properties Inc., Mr. Goldhar's private company is at various stages of development of many properties across the country, including his interest in the VMC 100-acre master planned development and as a partner with Walmart in 14 development properties. Mr. Goldhar has also developed an emerging network of Penguin Pick-Up locations offering free, convenient pick-up locations for online purchases, and Penguin Fresh, an on-line food marketplace. Penguin Pick-up now has 68 locations. About SmartCentres Place SmartCentres Place is a 100-acre, 17 million square foot master planned development, to be connected to downtown Toronto by subway, as part of VMC. VMC, at Highway 400 and Highway 7, is a planning area envisioning 40 million square feet of density around the confluence of various mass transit, including the TTC University subway line's expansion, the new VIVA rapidway and York Regional Transit central bus station. Together these will form the critical elements of the transportation infrastructure serving this budding new centre of commerce, culture, recreation, open spaces and urban life. VMC is unique in that it is centrally located, serviced by the aforementioned subway and bus transit infrastructure and by Highways 400, 407, and 7. It is also unique in that it is currently surrounded substantially by green field, enabling a planned area embodying all the urban characteristics and amenities that modern city visionaries strive for, but generally have difficulty achieving because of physical, legal and ownership constraints. SmartCentres Place at VMC is distinctly positioned to expeditiously accomplish a European style urban centre. SmartCentres Place in the VMC, which currently contains the KPMG Tower and will soon contain the recently announced 220,000 square foot PWC tower, includes 53 acres of land around the new subway station in a 50/50 joint venture between SmartREIT and Mr. Goldhar. The joint venture plans to develop approximately 8.0 million to 10.0 million square feet of commercial, residential and retail space on its land as part of a 100-acre master planned development, with the remainder of the land owned by Mr. Goldhar in partnership with others. About CentreCourt CentreCourt is focused on the execution of well thought out high-rise condominiums located in close proximity to all the major amenities of the Greater Toronto Area, rapid transit networks and employment areas. CentreCourt believes that this approach to development will contribute to the GTA's vibrancy, sustainability and competitiveness. CentreCourt has completed nearly 2,000 homes in the past five years and is actively developing an additional 3,000 homes throughout the GTA. CentreCourt strives to exceed customer expectations and to be a leader in the real estate development industry. CentreCourt's developments are collaborative endeavors undertaken with best-in-class planners, architects, interior designers and construction trades in order to ensure that the homes CentreCourt develops are of the highest quality standard. CentreCourt was behind the most successful condo launches in recent history including Peter Street Condos, Karma Condos, INDX Condos, Core Condos, Grid Condos and Axis Condos. For more information on CentreCourt, visit www.centrecourt.com. Certain statements in this Press Release are "forward-looking statements" that reflect SmartREIT's expectations regarding future growth and business prospects. More specifically, certain statements in this Press Release including statements related to the development of the VMC and statements that contain words such as "expect", "will", and similar expressions and statements relating to matters that are not historical facts and constitute "forward-looking statements". Such forward looking statements reflect SmartREIT's current beliefs and are based on information currently available to SmartREIT. However, such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and a number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Although the forward-looking statements contained in this Press Release are based on what SmartREIT believes to be reasonable assumptions, SmartREIT cannot assure investors that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. These forward-looking statements are made as at the date of this Press Release and SmartREIT assumes no obligation to update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances unless otherwise required by applicable securities legislation. Huw Thomas Chief Executive Officer Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (905) 326-6400 ext. 7649 hthomas@smartreit.com Peter Sweeney Chief Financial Officer Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (905) 326-6400 ext. 7865 psweeney@smartreit.com Mitchell Goldhar Chairman of the Board Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (905) 760-6200 ext. 7674 mgoldhar@smartcentres.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. From MarketWatch More Coverage U.S. oil data shocks the market in more ways than one U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide This is how many drinks a week is bad for your brain MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Smart Real Estate Investment Trust TSX : SRU.UN June 06, 2017 17:16 ET SmartREIT and Mitchell Goldhar Announce Transit City Condos in SmartCentres Place Substantially Sold Out TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - June 6, 2017) - Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (TSX:SRU.UN) and Mitchell Goldhar are pleased to announce that the first and second condo towers called Transit City are substantially sold out, and as a result of the actual sales figures, SmartREIT is amending its previously announced guidance by increasing profitability on these towers to an estimated return of 25-30% on costs from the previously announced 15-20%. These are the inaugural residential buildings at SmartCentres Place. Each of these sold-out towers are 55 storeys, the tallest buildings in Vaughan, and a beacon for the adjacent transit infrastructure and the development itself. The towers include 1,110 residential units and are steps from the TTC's soon-to-be-opened subway station. The subway station is located in the hub of SmartCentres Place. Transit City Condos is a joint venture between SmartREIT, Mitchell Goldhar and CentreCourt Developments. Residents of Transit City Condos will benefit from a traffic-free commute from Highways 7 and 400 to all parts of the GTA, including a direct subway line to downtown Toronto and all parts in-between. Designed by Diamond Schmitt Architects, with contemporary interiors designed by Figure3 and world class landscapes designed by Claude Cormier & Associés, Transit City Condos, which represent the new urban lifestyle in the GTA, will also feature the first BUCA-branded restaurant and BAR BUCA outside of downtown Toronto in the lobby of Transit City's North Tower. "We are delighted with the market's response to Transit City Condos, our first residential buildings at the emerging city centre we call SmartCentres Place. Proximity to transit, the unifying green spaces featuring our 9-acre park, has translated into strong demand for these units. This is a people-first, pedestrian city. And the people get that," said Mitchell Goldhar, Chairman of the Board of SmartREIT. "After years of planning, SmartCentres Place is finally taking shape … and taking shape fast. We anticipate continued, high quality interest for office, retail and residential for the foreseeable future," added Mr. Goldhar. Construction of the two towers is expected to begin in late 2017. Construction is already underway on the 220,000 square foot mixed use building consisting of PwC as the lead tenant, a 100,000 square foot flagship YMCA with child care and health and fitness facilities, and a 20,000 square foot City of Vaughan Library and studio space. SmartCentres Place in the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre has been planned as a complete pedestrian-oriented community with a mix of uses including office, residential, retail, and civic, anchored by a large central park with many connected open spaces throughout the 100 acres. About SmartREIT SmartREIT is one of Canada's largest real estate investment trusts with total assets of approximately $8.9 billion. It owns and manages 32 million square feet in value-oriented, principally Walmart-anchored retail centres, having the strongest national and regional retailers as well as strong neighbourhood merchants. In addition, SmartREIT is a joint-venture partner in the Toronto and Montreal Premium Outlets with Simon Property Group. SmartREIT is now expanding the breadth of its portfolio to include residential (condominium and rental), office, and self-storage, either on its large urban properties such as the Vaughan Metropolitan Centre (VMC) or as an adjunct to its existing shopping centres. SmartREIT's core vision is to provide a value-oriented shopping experience in all forms to Canadian consumers and to create high quality mixed use developments in urban settings. With SmartREIT's 2015 acquisition of SmartCentres, SmartREIT has transformed into a fully integrated real estate provider. SmartREIT and SmartCentres have had a long and successful alliance, helping to provide Canadians with value-focused retail shopping centres across the country. Now, the alliance has grown even stronger, the result is a fully integrated real estate provider with expertise in planning, development, leasing, operations and construction - all under one roof. For more information, visit www.smartreit.com. About Mitchell Goldhar Mitchell Goldhar is Chairman of the Board of SmartREIT and its largest unitholder. Mr. Goldhar, founder of SmartCentres has developed 56 million square feet in 265 shopping centres in all provinces across Canada. In addition, Penguin Properties Inc., Mr. Goldhar's private company is at various stages of development of many properties across the country, including his interest in the VMC 100-acre master planned development and as a partner with Walmart in 14 development properties. Mr. Goldhar has also developed an emerging network of Penguin Pick-Up locations offering free, convenient pick-up locations for online purchases, and Penguin Fresh, an on-line food marketplace. Penguin Pick-up now has 68 locations. About SmartCentres Place SmartCentres Place is a 100-acre, 17 million square foot master planned development, to be connected to downtown Toronto by subway, as part of VMC. VMC, at Highway 400 and Highway 7, is a planning area envisioning 40 million square feet of density around the confluence of various mass transit, including the TTC University subway line's expansion, the new VIVA rapidway and York Regional Transit central bus station. Together these will form the critical elements of the transportation infrastructure serving this budding new centre of commerce, culture, recreation, open spaces and urban life. VMC is unique in that it is centrally located, serviced by the aforementioned subway and bus transit infrastructure and by Highways 400, 407, and 7. It is also unique in that it is currently surrounded substantially by green field, enabling a planned area embodying all the urban characteristics and amenities that modern city visionaries strive for, but generally have difficulty achieving because of physical, legal and ownership constraints. SmartCentres Place at VMC is distinctly positioned to expeditiously accomplish a European style urban centre. SmartCentres Place in the VMC, which currently contains the KPMG Tower and will soon contain the recently announced 220,000 square foot PWC tower, includes 53 acres of land around the new subway station in a 50/50 joint venture between SmartREIT and Mr. Goldhar. The joint venture plans to develop approximately 8.0 million to 10.0 million square feet of commercial, residential and retail space on its land as part of a 100-acre master planned development, with the remainder of the land owned by Mr. Goldhar in partnership with others. About CentreCourt CentreCourt is focused on the execution of well thought out high-rise condominiums located in close proximity to all the major amenities of the Greater Toronto Area, rapid transit networks and employment areas. CentreCourt believes that this approach to development will contribute to the GTA's vibrancy, sustainability and competitiveness. CentreCourt has completed nearly 2,000 homes in the past five years and is actively developing an additional 3,000 homes throughout the GTA. CentreCourt strives to exceed customer expectations and to be a leader in the real estate development industry. CentreCourt's developments are collaborative endeavors undertaken with best-in-class planners, architects, interior designers and construction trades in order to ensure that the homes CentreCourt develops are of the highest quality standard. CentreCourt was behind the most successful condo launches in recent history including Peter Street Condos, Karma Condos, INDX Condos, Core Condos, Grid Condos and Axis Condos. For more information on CentreCourt, visit www.centrecourt.com. Certain statements in this Press Release are "forward-looking statements" that reflect SmartREIT's expectations regarding future growth and business prospects. More specifically, certain statements in this Press Release including statements related to the development of the VMC and statements that contain words such as "expect", "will", and similar expressions and statements relating to matters that are not historical facts and constitute "forward-looking statements". Such forward looking statements reflect SmartREIT's current beliefs and are based on information currently available to SmartREIT. However, such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and a number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Although the forward-looking statements contained in this Press Release are based on what SmartREIT believes to be reasonable assumptions, SmartREIT cannot assure investors that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. These forward-looking statements are made as at the date of this Press Release and SmartREIT assumes no obligation to update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances unless otherwise required by applicable securities legislation. Contact Information Huw Thomas Chief Executive Officer Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (905) 326-6400 ext. 7649 hthomas@smartreit.com Peter Sweeney Chief Financial Officer Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (905) 326-6400 ext. 7865 psweeney@smartreit.com Mitchell Goldhar Chairman of the Board Smart Real Estate Investment Trust (905) 760-6200 ext. 7674 mgoldhar@smartcentres.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Smart Real Estate Investment Trust From this industry Financial Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Investment Services and Trading Construction Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Amazon Prime debuts discount for anyone on government benefits - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Amazon Prime debuts discount for anyone on government benefits Posted: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 4:53 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 8:23 PM EDT Amazon Prime debuts discount for anyone on government benefits By Julia Horowitz NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Amazon is now offering a discount on Prime memberships for anyone on government assistance. Customers normally pay $10.99 per month or $99 per year for Prime subscriptions, which offers free two-day shipping on many products as well as access to streaming video and music services. Now anyone with a state-issued debit card for government benefits can get Prime for $5.99 a month. The aim is to make "savings more accessible" to everyone, according to spokeswoman Julie Law. She adds that delivery could make life easier for customers who may not have reliable access to transportation, and that Prime gives members discounts on essentials like diapers. Amazon already has a well-heeled customer base, according to analysts. With this program, it hopes to pull in more low-income shoppers. "It makes it so there's no component of the U.S. market that can't be an Amazon customer," said Mike Olson, an analyst with Piper Jaffray. It's unlikely to cause a big spike in sales, said Michael Pachter, an analyst at Wedbush Securities. But it sends a message that Amazon is for everyone. About 18% of U.S. households receive government assistance for food, according to the most recently available government data. The move also takes aim at Walmart, which has been gaining ground in the online shopping space since it bought online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion last year. In the first quarter of 2017, Walmart's U.S. online sales were up 63%. But Amazon, a $484 billion company, does not intend to give up its crown. It's growing by doing everything from expanding its cloud computing business to testing drone delivery. It's even opening physical stores. Last week, Amazon's stock hit the $1,000 milestone. To receive the discounted Amazon Prime membership, buyers will need to have an Electronic Benefits Transfer card. They'll have to re-register every 12 months, and can do so a total of four times. The company declined to say how it settled on the $5.99 monthly fee. Amazon is also participating in a U.S. Department of Agriculture program to test using food stamps with online retailers. But the new Prime membership discount does not apply to AmazonFresh, the website's grocery delivery service. That service still costs all Prime users an additional $14.99 per month. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
http://www.miningweekly.com Menu Menu Search By Instagram Youtube Twitter Facebook Global Mining News in real time Home Latest News Sector News Back Base Metals Back Base Metals Home Aluminium Copper Nickel Zinc Coal CSR Diamonds Diversified Miners Environmental Exploration Ferrous Metals Back Ferrous Metals Home Chrome Iron-ore Manganese Gold Health & Safety Legislative Environment Mining Services Back Mining Services Home Consulting Engineers Contract Mining Crushing and Screening Drilling and Tunnelling Earthmoving Energy Services Explosives Furnaces and Kilns Materials Handling Opencast/Quarries Pumps Valves Oil and Gas PGMs Potash Project Management Silver Uranium World News Back Africa Asia Australasia Europe Middle East North America South America Magazine Back This Week Back Copies Back Back Copies Home Mining Weekly International Edition Cartoon Mining Personality Mine Profile Photo of the Week Editorial Insight Company Profiles Features Library Supplements Video Reports Back Latest Videos Resources Watch Second Take SAfm Corporate Videos Research Back All Project Browser Mine Profiles Research Reports Press Office Back All Companies Ecic Execujet Fluor Hazleton Pumps Mining Indaba Roytec SSG Consulting ThyssenKrupp Electra Mining Back Electra Mining Home Electra Clips Floorplan Electra Mining E-Magazine Announcements Back Latest Announcements Sponsored Posts Login Columnists Topics What's On Jobs Tenders Mining Indaba Apps Suppliers Directory About Us back to top Africa Edition Americas Australasia Africa Europe Set Default Edition Clear Default Edition R/€ = 14.42  R/$ = 12.86  Au 1283.50 $/oz  Pt 945.50 $/oz    Follow @MiningWeekly Close Set Default Regional Edition Select your default regional edition of MiningWeekly.com Africa Americas Australasia Europe Set Now Note: When you select a default region you will be directed to the MiningWeekly.com home page of your choice whenever you visit miningweekly.com. This setting is controlled by cookies and should your cookies be re-set you will then be directed to the regional edition associated with the geographic location of our IP address. Should your cookies be reset then you may again use the drop-down menu to select a default region. Cookie Policy Clear Default Regional Edition Click on the button below to clear your default MiningWeekly.com regional edition Clear Now Note: When you clear your default region you will be directed to the MiningWeekly.com home page regional edition associated with the geographic location of our IP address. Cookie Policy Close Search Mining Weekly Note: Search is limited to the most recent 250 articles. To access earlier articles, click Advanced Search and set an earlier date range. To search for a term containing the '&' symbol, click Advanced Search and use the 'search headings' and/or 'in first paragraph' options. Where... anywhere in the article search headings only in the first paragraph With? all these words any of these words this exact phrase When? Change Sort Order Publication date (latest first) Publication date (earliest first) Headline (alphabetical) Author (alphabetical) Advanced Search Search for this And must exclude these words... Clear Search Sponsored by Close Login Forgot you username or password? Username Password go back to login or contact us at subscriptions@engineeringnews.co.za Email Sponsored by Home / Latest News← Back Gold|New York|Stamford|Amazon.com|composite|Industrial|Macy's|SECURITY|Wal-Mart Stores|Qatar|United Kingdom|United States|Crude Oil Futures|Dented Oil Prices|Retail Stocks|Service|Dow 30|FTSEurofirst 300 |NASDAQ Composite|S&P 500|Blake Gwinn|Composite|Craig Erlam|James Comey|Mike Flynn|Theresa May|Trump|Connecticut|Middle East Gold||composite|Industrial|SECURITY|||Service|||| gold|new-york|stamford|amazoncom|composite|industrial|macys|security|walmart-stores|qatar|united-kingdom|united-states|crude-oil-futures|dented-oil-prices|retail-stocks|service|dow-30|ftseurofirst-300|nasdaq-composite|sp-500|blake-gwinn|composite-person|craig-erlam|james-comey|mike-flynn|theresa-may|trump-person|connecticut|middle-east Ecic~Execujet~Fluor~Hazleton Pumps~Mining Indaba~Roytec~SSG Consulting ~ThyssenKrupp ecic-2009-03-25~execujet-2014-05-19~fluor-2016-08-30~hazleton-pumps-2017-01-31~mining-indaba-2016-08-16~roytec-2011-04-25~ssg-consulting-project-management-2014-05-19~thyssenkrupp-2013-05-28-1 Close Email this article To separate emails by commas, maximum limit of 4 addresses From Your Email Message Verification Sponsored by Close Article Enquiry Jitters push Treasury yields, dollar to 7-month lows Name & Surname Your Email Telephone Your Enquiry Verification Close Embed Video Jitters push Treasury yields, dollar to 7-month lows 6th June 2017 By: Reuters SAVE THIS ARTICLE      EMAIL THIS ARTICLE Font size: -+ NEW YORK – US Treasury yields and the dollar dropped to seven-month lows on Tuesday and world stocks slid as political uncertainty from the US to Britain and the Middle East pushed investors away from risky assets. The yen and gold also gained amid prevailing caution as an Arab rift opened up around Qatar, and ahead of testimony from the former head of the FBI, a British election and the European Central Bank's next move, which all happen on Thursday. Advertisement "We have risk events piling up," said Blake Gwinn, US rates strategist at NatWest Markets in Stamford, Connecticut. "We'll be very focused on what happens on Thursday, but it might end up being a dud." Wall Street was lower for a second day after both European and Asian stocks dropped during their sessions. Retail stocks also pulled shares lower, with Macy's losing ground after a warning on profit margins, and Wal-Mart Stores down after rival Amazon.com said it would offer a discount on its popular Prime subscription service to shoppers who receive US government aid. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 8.22 points, or 0.04%, to 21,175.82, the S&P 500 lost 0.61 points, or 0.03%, to 2 435.49 and the Nasdaq Composite added 6.28 points, or 0.1%, to 6 301.96. On what BayernLB analysts called "Super Thursday", British voters will also go to polls in an increasingly unpredictable general election, the European Central Bank is due to meet and former FBI director James Comey will testify before Congress. "Once these events pass, we may have a little more clarity and therefore see a little less caution in the markets," said Craig Erlam, a market analyst for OANDA securities. The diplomatic spat in the Middle East initially dented oil prices, which slid below $47/bl on Tuesday before recovering on technical support. US crude oil futures settled up 79 cents, or 1.67%, at $48.19/bl. Brent was last up 1.17% on the day, or 58 cents, at $50.05. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index lost 0.62% and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.14%. Investors piled into gold, US Treasuries and German government bonds - some of the safest assets in the world - thrusting German ten-year borrowing costs to six-week lows. US Treasury yields dropped to a seven-month low of 2.129% at one stage and gold briefly touched a high of $1 295.97, prices not seen since November. Lower bond yields come despite the Federal Reserve widely expected to raise US interest rates a quarter point next week, but also follows a run of weaker-than-expected US data. Sterling was 0.12% lower ahead of Thursday's general election. British Prime Minister Theresa May looks on course to increase her parliamentary majority, an opinion poll showed on Tuesday, shortly after another survey suggested the race with the opposition Labour Party was neck and neck. The dollar, meanwhile, was fell to a more than six-week low against the yen and was at its weakest since the November US election against a basket of other world currencies. The dip came ahead of Comey's expected testimony on Thursday. Reports suggest the former FBI chief plans to talk about conversations in which US President Trump allegedly pressured him to drop his investigation into former national security adviser Mike Flynn, who was fired for failing to disclose conversations with Russian officials. Edited by: Creamer Media Reporter EMAIL THIS ARTICLE      SAVE THIS ARTICLE To subscribe email subscriptions@creamermedia.co.za or click here To advertise email advertising@creamermedia.co.za or click here Related Articles Gold rises to two-week high amid Trump concerns → TSX notches small gain as materials stocks rise → 'Irrational' uranium prices making life tough, even for world-class juniors → Comment Guidelines Next article Sasol on track with R15.3-billion mine replacement project By: Natasha Odendaal    Updated 43 minutes ago Sasol Mining, the coal mining arm of energy and chemicals group Sasol on Thursday unveiled the progress made over the past few years on its now nearly-completed R15.3-billion programme to replace its ageing coal mines in the Secunda area. Speaking during a site visit of the new Secunda-based Shondoni mine, the replacement for the mature Middelbult mine, Sasol senior VP Lucky Kgatle said the project had progressed “quite well”, with Sasol Mining’s ambition of replacing 60% of its operations that are nearing the end of their lives. → RSS Feed About Mining Weekly is a product of Creamer Media. www.creamermedia.co.za Other Creamer Media Products include: Engineering News Research Channel Africa Polity Read more About Newsletters Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter Receive daily sector news alerts More Newsletters Subscriptions We offer a variety of subscriptions to our Magazine, Website, PDF Reports and our photo library. Subscriptions are available via the Creamer Media Store. View store Subscriptions Advertise Advertising on MiningWeekly.com is an effective way to build and consolidate a company's profile among clients and prospective clients. Email advertising@creamermedia.co.za View options Advertise Subscribe Read Now Advertise Now sq:0.251 1.078s - 265pq - 2rq Legal Notice Comment Guidelines © Copyright 2017 Close
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us Macy’s New Appointments Press enter to search Macy’s New Appointments 06/06/2017 Macy’s, Inc. has appointed Yasir Anwar to the role of executive vice president and chief technology officer. Anwar will oversee all technology functions for Macy’s and drive the alignment of Macy’s technology efforts with the company’s strategy. He will be responsible for the teams that build the end-to-end e-commerce experience, enterprise-shared services, infrastructure, field services and functional IT support. Anwar joined macys.com as vice president, engineering in May 2012. He was promoted to group vice president, engineering in April 2014 and senior vice president, digital technology in April 2016. Anwar was appointed chief technology officer in February 2017. As a founder of MacysLabs, Anwar introduced lean development practices and established lean delivery teams to transform the delivery model, with a focus on experimentation and customer testing. Prior to joining Macy’s, Anwar was the head of engineering at Walmartlabs, where he built next generation platforms for Walmart Global eCommerce. Previously, Anwar was the head of engineering for Samsclub.com and led architecture for Walmart.com. Mike Robinson has been named executive vice president, product management and customer experience. In this role, Robinson will manage all aspects of product management, portfolio and user experiences for digital, store and omnichannel systems. Robinson will oversee a unified product and portfolio vision, allowing customers to shop seamlessly across channels. “Maximizing our technology capabilities and continuing the strong growth of our digital and mobile platforms is a high priority for Macy’s, Inc. and we are restructuring our technology teams to support these efforts,” said President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Gennette. “Bringing the Macy’s technology teams together under Yasir’s leadership will result in faster time to market and decision making through a streamlined IT organization that will create nimble platforms for continuous business transformation. Mike’s focus on product and customer experience will ensure that our best customer continues to be able to shop the way she lives both on-line and in-store.” Anwar and Robinson will report to R.B. Harrison, chief omnichannel and operations officer. SHARE More Bulletins Supply Chain and Merchandising TUMI To Offer Endless Aisle and Flexible Fulfillment for Its On-the-Go Shoppers 06/06/2017 Associated Wholesale Grocers Maximizes Merchandising and Promotions Program Forecasting 06/01/2017 Kibo Offers Buy It Again Technology 06/01/2017 Infosys and HP Inc. Accelerate Digital Transformation 05/25/2017 RELATED TOPICS Human Resources Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . While you were sleeping: Wall St drops as US job openings climb to record Margreet Dietz Wednesday June 7, 2017 Share Piotr Matys, a London-based currency strategist at Rabobank, says several events could trigger the markets on Thursday Play NBR radio on Wall Street ended lower a day before Brits head to the polls, former FBI Director James Comey testifies and European Central Bank policymakers gather. Meanwhile, US Treasury bonds rose, pushing the yield on the 10-year note four basis points lower to a 2017 low of 2.174% from 2.182% on Monday. Gold rose 1.2% to a 2017 high of $US1294.40.  At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 47.81 points, or 0.2%, to 21,136.23. The Nasdaq Composite Index eased 0.3% to 6275.06 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index slid 0.3% to 2429.33.. "There is not much scheduled today that could potentially inspire the markets as the main focus this week is on 'Super Thursday,"' Piotr Matys, a London-based currency strategist at Rabobank, wrote in a client note, according to Bloomberg. "Essentially, we brace for a volatile session on Thursday and Friday as at least one of those crucial events could trigger sharp moves in the markets." Retailers lead fall  The Dow slid as declines in shares of Wal-Mart Stores and those of Walt Disney, down 1.8% and 0.8% respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Exxon Mobil and Chevron, up 1.4% and 1.1% respectively as oil prices climbed. US crude for July delivery gained 1.7% to $US48.19 a barrel, snapping a two-session streak of losses. Shares of retailers fell, with Macy’s shedding 8.2% after the company’s chief financial officer said margins were under pressure. The company’s shares are down 39% so far this year. Kohl’s fell 5.8% and Nordstrom lost 3.6%. As if investors needed further confirmation of expectations that Federal Reserve policy makers will lift interest rates at their two-day meeting next week, a key metric offered exactly that. Job openings rise to record The Labour Department's Job Openings and Labour Turnover Survey, or JOLTS, showed that US job openings climbed 259,000 to a seasonally adjusted 6.0 million in April, a record high. "These data underscore the difficulty in hiring new workers, which we think is increasingly likely to be a factor restraining payroll growth going forward," John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York, told Reuters. "The Fed becomes somewhat uneasy when the labour market becomes too tight and this report supports the Fed's case to nudge rates higher next week." In the latest US earnings data, shares of Michaels Companies tumbled 7.5% after the arts and craft retailer downgraded its earnings outlook because of the weakening Canadian dollar. "The value of the Canadian dollar has weakened since we established our prior outlook, and we have adjusted our fiscal 2017 full year guidance to reflect our expectation this currency trend continues," chief executive Chuck Rubin said in a statement. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.7% retreat from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index edged 0.01% lower, while France's CAC40 Index declined 0.7% and Germany's DAX Index dropped 1%. ECB President Mario Draghi is set to speak after the Governing Council meeting ends on Thursday. "The Governing Council is likely to remain very cautious in its communication about the exit strategy in an environment where, despite the good growth performance, the outlook for inflation remains bleak," Philippe Gudin, chief European economist at Barclays, told Bloomberg. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Related Articles:  World Week Ahead: Eyes on Draghi, UK voters Tue 6 Jun 17 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7221 0.0034 0.47% AUD 0.9568 0.0036 0.38% EUR 0.6436 0.0050 0.78% GBP 0.5588 0.0042 0.76% HKD 5.6290 0.0274 0.49% JPY 79.4420 0.4530 0.57% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1293.2 -7.550 2017-06-07T00: Oil Brent 48.4 -1.890 2017-06-07T00: Oil Nymex 46.0 -2.340 2017-06-07T00: Silver Index 17.6 -0.090 2017-06-07T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7473.7 7473.7 7467.9 -0.12% NASDAQ 6290.4 6302.8 6275.1 0.36% DAX 12688.5 12740.4 12672.5 0.32% DJI 21171.6 21189.8 21136.2 0.18% FTSE 7478.6 7489.7 7478.6 -0.26% HKSE 25974.0 26070.0 25974.2 0.34% NI225 20048.3 20061.2 19984.6 -0.38% ASX 5667.2 5679.1 5667.2 0.17% Most Popular Read Media and advertisers facing ongoing industry disruption, PwC says Entrepreneur visa attracts 300 applicants from around the world in first year, Woodhouse says Airline group unhappy at Auckland Airport's pricing reset Equity crowdfunders want retail investment cap lifted ‘Its time has come’ – Seymour on End of Life Choice bill Commented Government looks at special purpose vehicles to fund Auckland Council to support housing US Secretary of State defends US withdrawal from Paris climate agreement Govt, Akl Council investigate peak hour traffic tolls to cut congestion Online advertising: Vodafone says it will blacklist sites that run hate speech or fake news KiwiRail board backed diesel engines to keep freight customers, Bridges says Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Auckland Airport’s Adrian Littlewood justifies its pricing reset There are risks for businesses and investment in NZ from the latest global tax crackdown, says tax partner Brendan Brown ACT's Seymour speaks about his End of Life Choice Bill after it was pulled from the ballot James Comey’s statement sure to stoke curiosity at upcoming Senate testimony, on Trump’s Beltway NBR Radio: best of the week ended June 2, with Grant Walker Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: Wall St drops as US job openings climb to record
Thursday, June 08, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Madhya Pradesh protest: We are sensitive to farmers' issues, says Rajnath Singh Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Gorkha Janmukti Morcha clash in Darjeeling: Police vehicles damaged, security personnel injured Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rajasthan police to probe if Rahul Gandhi violated traffic rules on his way to Mandsaur Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Unrest in Mandsaur 'should not be seen in isolation', says Bhupinder Hooda Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi allowed to meet victims' kin in Mandsaur Sports Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko FIFA U-17 World Cup 2017: Javier Ceppi feels completion of the draw will improve ticket sales ICC Champions Trophy 2017, India vs Sri Lanka, Live cricket score and updates: Kohli and Co finish on 321/6 French Open 2017: Rohan Bopanna wins first mixed doubles Grand Slam title with Gabriela Dabrowski Altibox Norway Chess: Viswanathan Anand hurt by misjudgment against Vladimir Kramnik in 2nd round National Athletics coach Mohammed Kunhi sacked after doping controversy at NIS Patiala India 4,000 Indian students seek US students visa brushing aside fears of hate crimes India promoting terrorism in Afghanistan to sabotage Islamabad-Kabul ties: Pakistan Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rajasthan to face similar fate unless govt takes action, says BJP leader Kerala MLAs have beef fry for breakfast at a special session on cattle ban Sitaram Yechury manhandled by Hindu Sena activists at press conference in New Delhi Saharanpur violence: Internet services blocked after Bhim Army founder Chandrasekhar's arrest World Washington edgy ahead of James Comey's testimony in Russia probe: A look back at previous high-drama Senate hearings James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing Britain polls: Caste legislation introduced to attract Indian-origin voters At least 12 terrorists killed, arms and explosives recovered from Balochistan: Pakistan military UK Election 2017 LIVE: Opinion polls predict lead for Theresa May's Conservatives, but not landslide victory Kabul attack serves as a grim reminder for international community: Afghanistan is headed towards anarchy Business Gear up for change in petrol, diesel prices every day; new rule to kick in from 16 June Planning to book a flight ticket? You may soon be required to provide Aadhaar card or PAN as ID Tata Sons garners Rs 10,300 cr from TCS buyback programme, tenders 3.6 cr shares IDBI Bank sets up dept to manage bad loans, after being put "under watch" by RBI Favourable monsoon may give boost to CV loans, recovery in microfinance: Moody's & ICRA Sensex ends 58 pts lower as traders maintain caution ahead of ECB meet, UK polls Entertainment Veere Di Wedding starts shooting in August; Sumeet Vyas to star opposite Kareena? Tokyo Trial: Irrfan Khan is perfect as Justice Pal, the only Indian judge on a World War II panel Wonder Woman actress Gal Gadot was pregnant while shooting for the superhero film Kajal Aggarwal, not Tamannaah Bhatia, to play lead role in Tamil remake of Queen Taapsee Pannu may play spy again in Operation Jinnah, after Baby, Naam Shabana Salman Khan's Bodyguard 2: Six years after being announced, news on sequel has petered out Photos Videos Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Jitters push Treasury yields, dollar to seven-month lows | Reuters Jitters push Treasury yields, dollar to seven-month lows | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 07 2017 01:00:04 IST #Reuters By Hilary Russ | NEW YORK NEW YORK U.S. Treasury yields and the dollar dropped to seven-month lows on Tuesday and world stocks slid as political uncertainty from the United States to Britain and the Middle East pushed investors away from risky assets. The yen and gold also gained amid prevailing caution as an Arab rift opened up around Qatar, and ahead of testimony from the former head of the FBI, a British election and the European Central Bank's next move, which all happen on Thursday."We have risk events piling up," said Blake Gwinn, U.S. rates strategist at NatWest Markets in Stamford, Connecticut. "We'll be very focused on what happens on Thursday, but it might end up being a dud."Wall Street was lower for a second day after both European and Asian stocks dropped during their sessions. Retail stocks also pulled shares lower, with Macy's Inc (M.N) losing ground after a warning on profit margins, and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) down after rival Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) said it would offer a discount on its popular Prime subscription service to shoppers who receive U.S. government aid.The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 8.22 points, or 0.04 percent, to 21,175.82, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 0.61 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,435.49 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 6.28 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,301.96.On what BayernLB analysts called "Super Thursday", British voters will also go to polls in an increasingly unpredictable general election, the European Central Bank is due to meet and former FBI director James Comey will testify before Congress."Once these events pass, we may have a little more clarity and therefore see a little less caution in the markets," said Craig Erlam, a market analyst for OANDA securities. The diplomatic spat in the Middle East initially dented oil prices, which slid below $47 a barrel on Tuesday before recovering on technical support.U.S. crude oil futures CLc1 settled up 79 cents, or 1.67 percent, at $48.19 per barrel. Brent LCOc1 was last up 1.17 percent on the day, or 58 cents, at $50.05.The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 lost 0.62 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.14 percent.Investors piled into gold, U.S. Treasuries and German government bonds - some of the safest assets in the world - thrusting German 10-year borrowing costs DE10YT=TWEB to six-week lows. U.S. Treasury yields dropped to a seven-month low of 2.129 percent at one stage US10YT=RR and gold XAU= briefly touched a high of $1,295.97, prices not seen since November. Lower bond yields come despite the Federal Reserve widely expected to raise U.S. interest rates a quarter point next week, but also follows a run of weaker-than-expected U.S. data. ECONALLUSSterling GBP= was 0.12 percent lower ahead of Thursday's general election. British Prime Minister Theresa May looks on course to increase her parliamentary majority, an opinion poll showed on Tuesday, shortly after another survey suggested the race with the opposition Labour Party was neck and neck. The dollar, meanwhile, was fell to a more than six-week low against the yen JPY= and was at its weakest since the November U.S. election against a basket of other world currencies .DXY. The dip came ahead of Comey's expected testimony on Thursday.Reports suggest the former FBI chief plans to talk about conversations in which U.S. President Trump allegedly pressured him to drop his investigation into former national security adviser Mike Flynn, who was fired for failing to disclose conversations with Russian officials. (To view a graphic on 'World FX rates in 2017' click tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh)(To view a graphic on 'Global bonds dashboard' click tmsnrt.rs/2fPTds0)(To view a graphic on 'Global market cap' click reut.rs/2mcp7T1)(To view a graphic on 'Emerging markets in 2017' click tmsnrt.rs/2ihRugV) (Additional reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan in London, Richa Naidu in Chicago, Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and Richard Leong, Saqib Iqbal Ahmed and Jessica Resnick-Ault in New York) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 07, 2017 01:00 am | Updated Date: Jun 07, 2017 01:00 am Also See Manchester attacker's younger brother arrested in Tripoli - spokesman | Reuters UK police arrest fifth person in connection with Manchester attack | Reuters British police hunt possible bomb-maker, accomplices after Manchester bombing - sources | Reuters Lupin warns of more pricing pressure as fourth-quarter profit halves | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN 2 Jun 10 ENG Vs AUS 3 Jun 11 IND Vs SA 4 Jun 12 SL Vs PAK 5 Jun 14 A1 Vs B2 Full Schedule Top Stories Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Loan waiver is no solution, but does govt have any other ideas? Farmer Protest Live: Rahul Gandhi Says Modi Govt Has Forgotten Farmers Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing June 1, Global Parent’s Day: Tips for parents to save on their child’s education Treat Madhya Pradesh farmers' protest with urgency; a contagion could deepen the crisis Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Kollywood's in crisis, with its films failing, GST looming, and political instability in Tamil Nadu Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs SL Live Now ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK Vs SA Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs NZ England beat New Zealand by 87 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs BAN Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs PAK - Jun 12th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A1 vs B2 - Jun 14th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 15th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A2 vs B1 - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO vs ZIM - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
St George News 68 98/69 Fri 97/69 Sat 95/66 Woman uses pliers to pull son’s teeth in Walmart restroom Written by Associated Press June 6, 2017 Photo by Dmitry Naumov/Hemera/Getty Images Plus; St. George News PROVO (AP) — Authorities say a Utah woman pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom in Cedar Hills. The woman was charged Monday with second-degree felony child abuse. Prosecutors said that the 47-year-old woman – whose name is being withheld from this report to avoid identifying the child – bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store on April 2, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son’s teeth. Police in American Fork, Utah, say the boy’s older brother heard the child screaming and got him out of the restroom. Charging documents say the boy told his brother that one of the teeth was loose, but the other was only slightly loose. Prosecutors say the woman didn’t use any kind of anesthetic. No attorney was immediately listed for her in court records. The Associated Press contributed to this story. Email: news@stgnews.com Twitter: @STGnews Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Related Stories Judge rules in favor of additional charges in Toquerville child abuse case 10 Exchange Club teams with Children's Justice Center to promote child abuse prevention Golfing for a cause: Tournament to benefit abused children in Washington County Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! About the Author Posted in Local, NewsTagged Associated Press, cedar city, Cedar Hills Walmart, woman pulls son's teeth 5 Comments ladybugavenger June 6, 2017 at 11:03 am Log in to Reply Things you shouldn’t do in Walmart: 1. Pull your child’s teeth…ya, I’ll just stop right there. Real Life June 6, 2017 at 11:14 am Log in to Reply Exactly LB. comments June 6, 2017 at 1:06 pm Log in to Reply Anyone ever see that mover ‘Idiocracy’? Anyways, never, ever underestimate the stupidity of the average walmart shopper. I don’t even know why people like to shop at walmart. Horrible store with maybe, at best, slightly lower that average prices. Walmart and amazon are two places where I’ll pay more money somewhere else just to avoid shopping with them. And at the very least she paid for the pliers before using them. A lot of walmart shoppers might just “rent” them for such a purpose. lol 😉 Craig June 6, 2017 at 5:16 pm Log in to Reply My dad tied a string to my loose tooth and the other end to an open door handle. Of course, these were teeth handing on by a thread (no pun intended). ladybugavenger June 7, 2017 at 9:04 am Log in to Reply but if he would have tied the string to the bathroom door in Walmart…wellllllll you’d probably make the headlines Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. New   See Local Sale Circulars St George News Facebook Google+ Twitter Youtube Subscribe to RSS Submit News Advertise With Us Contact Us Employment About Us | Archives | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2010 - 2017 StGeorgeUtah.com LLC, all rights reserved News Sports Local Experts Coupons Arrests Obituaries Autos Classifieds No Filter Calendar Dining Movies Jobs Hotels Golf News Menu News Series Arrests Obituaries Events Lifestyle Health and Wellness Opinion / Shows Sports Announcements Local National Government Business Financial Politics Utah Legislature 2017 Municipal Elections 2017 General Election 2016 St. George Crashes Series Days Series Road Respect Series Zion National Park Traffic Jam Series Arrests Most Wanted Arts & Entertainment Events Explore Health & Wellness Health and Wellness Directory Education Home and Garden Health and Wellness Articles Local Experts Health and Wellness Directory Columnists Letters to the Editor No Filter Show TGIF Show Sponsored Content Top Sports Stories DSU Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table St. George News Live Video High School Sports Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Submit Your Own See All Announcements Anniversaries Animals Arts and Entertainment Books Business Community service Education, achievement Events Fundraisers Garage Sales and such Health Jobs Politics Meet Ups Military Announcements Religious Scholarships and grants School functions Shopping Sports and Recreation Weddings Writers Sports Menu Top Sports Stories Live / Sports Video High School Stats DSU Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table Local Experts Menu Ask a Local Expert Coupons Menu Weekly Sale Circulars Local Coupons Arrests Menu Recent Arrests Most Wanted Obituaries Menu View Obituaries Autos Menu Auto Classifieds Classifieds Menu Classifieds Autos Jobs Outdoors and Sporting Pets and Livestock Recreational Vehicles Yard Sales Submissions New Classified New Auto No-Filter Menu The No Filter Show Calendar Menu Upcoming Events Submit Event Dining Menu Dining Movies Menu All Theaters Pineview Stadium 10 St George Stadium 8 Main Street Jobs Menu Jobs Hotels Menu Area Lodging Golf Menu Golf In St George Utah X Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! No Thanks
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Police: Ex-teacher passed out, meth found in car 2 who fled after brutal Conroe murder indicted Houston mayor wants to join fight against Abbott Photos: Trump had a 'solar' border wall idea Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History U.S. Supreme Court justice denies Harris County request in bail Texas high teacher resigns over alleged inappropriate texts Former sixth grade Texas teacher charged with meth possession Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo has warning for criminals US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Fired TV reporter says she's 'ruined' after cringe-worthy rant Ivanka Trump’s “Why I Disagree With My Dad” ‘Us Weekly’ 'Operation Extra Olives' uncovers Papa John's employees allegedly Woman arrested for allegedly smoking pot near young baby's Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Sam Houston State baseball in uncharted waters at super regional Houston HS baseball/softball primer: June 9 Kevin Durant's dagger 3 lifts Warriors over Cavaliers in Game 3 After Dallas Keuchel scratched, Astros bullpen gives up 7 in loss Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Plan to cut energy research finds unlikely opponent: oil UAE needs Qatari natural gas to keep Dubai's lights on Trump eyes combining agencies separated after Gulf spill Three reasons for crude's biggest tumble since March Entertainment Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games Best and worst dressed at 2017 CMT Awards Uncomfortably wide age-gaps between romantic movie leads Picos pumps menu with more regional Mexican dishes Original Destiny's Child member LaTavia Roberson returns to Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content Upgrade your furry friend's life with the 'most luxurious dog Chip Gaines is going to look really different in Season 5 of Video: Girlfriend finds rattlesnake in toilet, screams for Nearly-blind dog sees a whole new world after getting contacts Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/bizfeed/article/Furniture-distributor-leases-northwest-Houston-11199186.php Furniture distributor leases northwest Houston warehouse By Dylan Baddour Published 1:54 pm, Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 5750 Brittmoore Rd. 5750 Brittmoore Rd. Furniture distributor leases northwest Houston warehouse 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Modern-style furniture distributor Furinno has leased 50,400 square feet of warehouse space at the Apex Distribution Center in northwest Houston, which the company says is a move to consolidate and expand its local footprint.  Furinno sells ready-to-assemble furniture to retailers including Walmart.  RELATED: Demand for warehouses rises, fueled by population growth, online shopping The Apex Distribution Center includes the former Goya Foods building at about 140,000 square feet along with two newly constructed warehouses containing another 270,000 square feet.  The Furinno lease brings the project to about 86 percent occupancy.  Boyd Commercial represented the landlord in the transaction and Richard's Investments represented the tenant.    Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Police: Ex-teacher passed out, meth found in car 2 who fled after brutal Conroe murder indicted Houston mayor wants to join fight against Abbott Photos: Trump had a 'solar' border wall idea The Lead Here are Houston's top high school baseball recruits High-rise builder pulls back on Houston luxury tower Read congressman's apology for body-slamming reporter Another TV show cancelled after just one season Chip Gaines is going to look really different in Season 5 Actress fires back in pool drowning lawsuit Fortune ranks Houston's richest companies Report: These were the fastest selling cars in 2016 Twitter goes nuts after senator told to 'pipe down' Best and worst dressed at 2017 CMT Awards MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS 8-year-old thrown from car, killed Motorcyclist dies after Beltway 8 crash Photos show chaos near Alamo 4-year-old dies of 'dry drowning' Man shot during attempted robbery Movies' biggest age-gaps between romantic leads 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch This week in 1980 'Urban Cowboy' premiered Protesters demand action in Denny's fatal fight Houston joins nationwide 'March for Truth' Texas lawmaker calls ICE about protesters Fortune ranks Houston's richest companies The wealthiest female celebrities in America The richest county in America is in Texas More Business News Plan to cut energy research finds unlikely opponent: oil... UAE needs Qatari natural gas to keep Dubai's lights on Trump eyes combining agencies separated after Gulf spill Three reasons for crude's biggest tumble since March Trump may be wrong about emissions and GDP High-rise builder pulls back on luxury tower Most Read 1 Chip Gaines is going to look really different in Season 5 of... 2 Fired TV reporter says she's 'ruined' after cringe-worthy rant 3 High-rise builder pulls back on luxury tower 4 Best and worst dressed at 2017 CMT Awards 5 Laredo woman charged with manslaughter in overpass crash that... 6 Texas ban on texting while driving takes effect Sept. 1 7 Demi Moore Fires Back in Pool Drowning Lawsuit 8 Former sixth grade Texas teacher charged with meth possession 9 After Dallas Keuchel scratched, Astros bullpen gives up 7 in... 10 Nevertheless, Kamala Harris Persisted: Senator Told to Pipe... Small Business Business Diversity Training How to Sync Outlook Including Recurring Events How to Save a Microsoft Publisher File as an Image File Importance of an Employee's Role in Appraisal How to Change a Business Name for an EIN View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND CRIME Mom charged with pulling boy's teeth in Walmart Older brother heard child screaming, got him out of restroom Published: 2 days ago (KSL) — SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Authorities say a Utah woman pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom. Prosecutors said Monday that Jeannine Degaston, 47, bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son’s teeth. Police in American Fork said the boy’s older brother heard the child screaming and got him out of the restroom on April 2. The teeth were removed in pieces, not just by pulling them out, according to police. Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Amazon to give Prime discount to those on food stamps By Allen Cone   |   June 6, 2017 at 2:30 PM Follow @upi Comments June 6 (UPI) -- Customers on government assistance can receive a half-price discount on Amazon Prime subscriptions, the Internet retail giant announced Tuesday. Anyone with an Electronic Benefits Transfer card -- about 20 percent of the U.S. population -- can pay $5.99 a month for Amazon Prime instead of the usual $10.99 per month or $99 per year charge, the company said in a release. That represents a 45.5 percent discount on the regular monthly rate. Prime's benefits include free two-day shipping on most Amazon orders as well as unlimited free streaming of Amazon video and music content. EBT cards, which replaced the paper food stamps in the late 1990s, are given to people on government assistance programs, including Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, and Women, Infant and Children Nutrition Program. You can't use the EBT card to pay for the Prime membership. "We designed this membership option for customers receiving government assistance to make our everyday selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime," said Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, in a release. Customers can cancel at any time and qualify every 12 months up to four times. Amazon is going after customers of Walmart, which generated about $13 billion in sales last year from shoppers using SNAP, The Wall Street Journal reported. Of the money spent among the 44 million SNAP recipients, around 18 percent goes to Walmart. Laura Kennedy, director, retail insights at consultancy Kantar Retail, told The Wall Street Journal low-income shoppers are "a big opportunity." But she noted some of these consumers "still face hurdles because they more often lack typical bank resources like accounts or credit cards." Walmart is increasing its online efforts, including acquiring low-cost Jet.com for $3.3 billion last August. The retailer offers free shipping on orders more than $35. Amazon offers free shipping for non-Prime customers on orders more than $25. About 47 percent of U.S. primary household shoppers never or rarely shop on Amazon, according to data from Kantar Retail. Approximately 52.2 million people -- or 21.3 percent of the U.S. population -- participate in government assistance programs each month in 2012, according to a report issued by the Census Bureau in 2015. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Amazon begins refunding up to $70M in kids' app purchases Price of Amazon shares hits $1,000 for the first time Walmart testing home deliveries for online orders Walmart plans to make sensors to tell when you're out of milk Comments Trending A look back at Britain's Prince Philip's public life as he retires Next Article Pennsylvania police capture prison escapee Latest Headlines No winners in Powerball; Saturday's jackpot is $435M 43 minutes ago ago June 8 (UPI) -- Saturday's Powerball jackpot stands at an estimated $435 million after no tickets matched the six numbers drawn Wednesday. Montana rep. apologizes, donates to press group for body slamming reporter 1 hour ago ago June 8 (UPI) -- Montana congressman-elect Greg Gianforte agreed to donate to a press organization in order to prevent a lawsuit from a journalist he admitted attacking. Watch live: James Comey testifies before Senate committee 2 hours ago ago June 8 (UPI) -- Former FBI Director James Comey, who President Donald Trump fired on May 9, is set to testify before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on Thursday. Comey's Senate testimony: Trump asked to end Flynn probe 15 hours ago ago June 7 (UPI) -- Former FBI Director James Comey plans to tell a Senate panel that Donald Trump asked him to end an investigation of ex-national security adviser Michael Flynn. Top U.S. intel chiefs won't say if Trump pressed them to halt Russia probe 16 hours ago ago June 7 (UPI) -- Four top U.S. officials said Wednesday they're not able to discuss details about President Trump's actions related to a Justice Department probe of Russia. Trending Stories Top U.S. intel chiefs won't say if Trump pressed them to halt Russia probe Watch live: Trump travels to Ohio to talk on infrastructure At least 12 dead after twin terror attacks strike Iran's capital Trump on healthcare, infrastructure: 'The Democrats are really in our way' Poll: Trump's approval rating drops to new low PHOTOS Demonstrators protest President Trump at March for Truth in Los Angeles Highlights from the 2017 French Open On the runway at Miami Fashion Week Hundreds demonstrate at annual SlutWalk in Jerusalem Students test their skills at the Scripps National Spelling Bee Kung Fu monks perform at Shaolin Zen Music Ritual Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is Synchrony Financial Wrong to Raise Its Dividend Now? Private-label credit card issuer Synchrony Financial says it plans to lift its payout by 15%; meanwhile, it's authorized over $1.6 billion in share buybacks. Here's a look at whether that's a smart use of its money. Eric Volkman (TMFVolkman) Jun 6, 2017 at 2:29PM Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF) will probably soon raise its dividend for the first time. The company recently announced plans to bump its quarterly distribution by $0.02, a 15% increase, to $0.15 per share. The raise would take place in Q3 of this year. The specialty financier's board also approved a new stock-repurchase program of up to $1.64 billion. The news comes shortly after Synchrony Financial reported a Q1 that saw net profit crater by 14% on a year-over-year basis, coming in well under analyst estimates. So perhaps it's not the best time for the company to beef up its dividend and launch a new round of share buybacks. Or is that concern overblown? Let's take a closer look. Image source: Getty Images. Card issuer to the stars Although Synchrony Financial is in the credit card business, it's not a household name like card giants Visa (NYSE: V), MasterCard (NYSE: MA), or American Express (NYSE: AXP). That's because it doesn't operate a proprietary brand, in contrast with those famous companies. Instead, Synchrony Financial specializes in issuing private-label products, which for the most part comprise branded store cards. The company issues plastic for some of the top retail brands in the U.S., including Gap and Wal-Mart.   The private-label card space is a much different animal from the traditional credit card segment. Visa, MasterCard, and -- to a lesser extent -- American Express are mass-market, general card brands. All three have distinct advantages the scrappier Synchrony Financial lacks -- Visa and MasterCard are basically middlemen, since they function as network and brand operators, while issuer and network/brand operator American Express has a degree of snob appeal and as such can be selective about its "members," cherry-picking the ones more likely to pay their bills on time. Like American Express, Synchrony Financial acts as an issuer for its cardholders. Unlike the don't-leave-home-without-it company, though, it can't be as selective about its customers. After all, the Gaps and the Wal-Marts like to push card ownership to bind customers to their brands, and to keep them coming into their stores. As a result, the creditworthiness of Synchrony Financial's lender base is relatively low. Almost 30% of its credit card holders have FICO scores at or under 660, a level many traditional lenders consider subprime. Consequently, the company's net charge-off rate is relatively high. It exceeds 5%, well above the latest 2.3% quarterly average of the 100 largest U.S. banks, and far chunkier than the 1.8% for the famously lean American Express. Yet Synchrony Financial still performs well in spite of those challenges. In Q1, it managed to boost its net interest income by 12%, to $3.6 billion, while purchase volume in its core retail card operations rose by nearly 7%, to almost $23 billion. And although revenue and net profit were both down during the quarter, the company is still making good coin. It's comfortably in the black, with a net margin of 12%. That's not far away from AmEx's 15% in its most recently reported frame. A bonus for shopping with us today Other key line items heading north for Synchrony Financial are -- crucially for shareholder payouts -- operating and free cash flow. The company has done a fine job lifting both recently, to the point where the latter exceeded $7 billion on a trailing-12-month basis. SYF Free Cash Flow (TTM) data by YCharts That's a pittance compared with what it's spent on dividend payouts and buybacks. Combined, these totaled around $690 million in fiscal 2016. So even if the company blows most of the authorized amount of stock repurchases this year, it can easily afford the spending, on top of the 15% expansion in the dividend. So in the end, I don't think Synchrony Financial is wrong at all to boost its payout and launch a new round of share buybacks. It can well afford these measures, and they'll give shareholders two encouraging reasons to hold on to their stock. Eric Volkman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends MasterCard and Visa. The Motley Fool recommends American Express and Synchrony Financial. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Eric Volkman (TMFVolkman) Eric has been writing about stocks and finance since the mid-1990s, when he lived in Prague, Czech Republic. Over the course of a varied career, he has also been a radio newscaster, an investment banker, and a bass player in a selection of rock and roll bands. A native New Yorker, he currently lives in Los Angeles. Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 2:29PM Financials Stocks Synchrony Financial NYSE:SYF $28.97 up $0.10 (0.35%) Read More Synchrony Financial: Higher Loss Provisions Bite First-Quarter Earnings Synchrony Financial: Give Credit to Its Third Quarter 3 Things American Express Investors Should Worry About Why Synchrony Financial Stock Plummeted Today Synchrony Financial's Earnings Rise on Higher Spending and Customer Balances 3 Reasons Synchrony Financial Could Rise Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is Synchrony Financial Wrong to Raise Its Dividend Now? @themotleyfool #stocks $SYF
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Aubrey Bruce Bill Neal Business Health Opinion Ulish Carter Louis ‘Hop’ Kendrick J. Pharoah Doss Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Aubrey Bruce Bill Neal Business Health Opinion Ulish Carter Louis ‘Hop’ Kendrick J. Pharoah Doss Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us National Home > National Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police St. John Barned-Smith, Houston Chronicle Leave a comment 10 reads In this May 27, 2015 file photo, Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo speaks in Austin, Texas.  (AP Photo/Eric Gay File) HOUSTON (AP) _ The radio crackled with reports of a New Year’s holiday shooting in south Houston. Art Acevedo rushed to the scene to find a patrol officer picking up shell casings for evidence. `What are you doing?” he asked. The patrolman looked up, confused. His new boss was standing over him. “Chief, detectives don’t come to these scenes unless somebody’s dead or on the verge of death,” the surprised officer told him. The Houston Chronicle reports Acevedo, who had taken charge of the Houston Police Department just a month before, delivered a message to his command staff the next day: No more bankers’ hours. “The only entity really working 24/7 was patrol,” he recalled, “and violent crime was happening at all hours of the night.” It was a telling moment for how Acevedo would lead one of the nation’s largest police departments: Hands-on, decisive, outspoken, a bit unorthodox and likely to show up in unexpected places. In the six months since taking charge, the fast-talking former Austin police chief has set a furious pace overhauling a frayed department struggling with slowing response times, aging equipment, a dwindling corps of officers and growing pressure nationwide over law enforcement’s use of force. Acevedo, the first Latino tapped to lead the Houston department, quickly began meeting with civil rights groups and civilians, promising transparency and accountability, while assuring officers _ and their union _ he’s got their back. He has publicly opposed the state’s political leaders over the controversial “sanctuary cities” legislation and backed new funding for the city, all in the name of public safety. Internally, he created a new unit to investigate officer-involved shootings, prioritized investigations of gun crimes, revamped the department’s command structure and altered uniform policies to accommodate the Houston heat and officer tattoos. And after the troubled roll-out of body cameras under his predecessors, he is working to equip officers with cameras that turn on automatically to avoid the perception they have something to hide. Acevedo acknowledges some decisions aren’t popular. “People don’t like change, cops especially don’t like change; it’s human nature,” he said. “We’re an organization on the move, and there are very few things we can’t change.” At police headquarters at 1200 Travis, mementos clutter Acevedo’s office: an array of “challenge coins” from departments across the country, two British constables’ helmets and a slew of Star Wars memorabilia, from lightsabers to Darth Vader statues. “I knew from day one, scary as that character was… somewhere in that helmet there was good in there,” he said. Portraits of his three children line his desk, along with photos from important moments in his career. Under the glass that covers his desk, he keeps a worn, folded piece of paper, a reminder of one of his worst days. The young daughter of an Austin police officer gave him the drawing of an angry bird after her father was shot and killed in a Walmart parking lot in 2012. Neon green letters scrawl across one side in a child’s shaky writing. Years later, he still keeps in touch. “I keep this as a reminder of what matters _ our friends and family,” said Acevedo, choking up as he unfolded the worn green paper. “If you stop caring, it’s time to leave.” On a wall nearby hangs another prized possession, a postcard his father sent him after his graduation from the California Highway Patrol training academy in 1986. “He who perseveres, triumphs,” the note reads, in Spanish. An affable 52-year-old, Acevedo is the youngest of four, born in Cuba to parents who fled the Castro regime and settled in California. Acevedo considered serving in the military or working as a prosecutor, but ultimately decided to be a police officer _ like his father had been in Havana _ and joined the highway patrol. He rose swiftly through the ranks before assuming command of the Austin Police Department in 2007, where he overhauled an agency under Department of Justice review. At his core, Acevedo champions “relational policing,” arguing that officers should view every interaction with residents as an opportunity to create rapport. “The more we do to forge relationships of trust and respect, the better result for everyone,” Acevedo said. Everywhere he goes, Acevedo works the room. He stays late after community meetings to shake hands and take selfies with residents. He freely dispenses his cellphone number _ even reading it aloud in crowded meeting rooms _ and interacts on social media, posting photos of himself playing soccer with schoolchildren. In a recent four-day stretch, the chief spoke at an immigration forum, pedaled into the office on the city’s “Bike to Work” day, paid his respects at a memorial for HPD officers who died in the line of duty, had breakfast with the League of United Latin American Citizens and attended a youth police advisory meeting, then capped off a Sunday afternoon by tossing out a “slow ball special” at Minute Maid Park. “He has more energy than any individual I’ve ever met,” said one commander, who, like a dozen other officers interviewed by the Chronicle, did not want to be identified. In the midst of his ceremonial duties, Acevedo remains a patrolman at heart. While returning from a recent meeting in west Houston, he stopped abruptly to check out a fender-bender on Interstate 10. “What’s going on here? Everyone ok?” he asked the drivers, before waving them on to clear the scene. “Ok, let’s go. Let’s go!” Acevedo also rushes to the scenes of more serious incidents, including one in southwest Houston where a gang member shot two officers investigating burglaries. The chief gathered information and personally briefed reporters. “Most police people like to say, `Sorry, it’s under investigation, no comment,”’ said former police chief and city councilman C.O. Bradford. “What he’s doing is simply trying to relay to the general public, `This is transparency _ this is what I can give you at this point.”’ The chief began making inroads as soon as he started Dec. 1. He moved to town immediately, living in a gleaming RV on the city’s south side while he buys a house. His wife and youngest son will join him this summer. He said he found a department “that wasn’t running on all cylinders” in the way it deployed resources, its mission of protecting Houstonians complicated by the shortage of officers, hardware and money. And then there is the revenue cap, which limits the city’s ability to raise taxes. Mayor Sylvester Turner is pushing to get the cap lifted. “The community has no idea how starved this department is,” Acevedo said. Like a veteran politician, he brings up the revenue cap at virtually every meeting, reminding everyone that Houston has just 400,000 fewer residents than Chicago but 7,000 fewer officers. “The revenue cap is killing this city,” he told a group of seniors in west Houston. “Know how many cities in Texas have a revenue cap? One. We have got to start resourcing the police department … When you call 911, when do you want a police response? Immediately.” Despite the fiscal challenges, Acevedo is pushing ahead with internal changes. The unit investigating officer-involved shootings began working in April with 16 officers, four sergeants and two lieutenants. Two other specialized units _ one to tackle non-lethal gun crimes and another for what he termed “the worst of the worst” criminals across the city _ are also in the works, along with a new division to police north Houston. Body cameras are a top priority. The devices don’t begin recording until they are turned on by officers, as evidenced by the fatal police shooting of Alva Braziel in south Houston last year: The city released video amid community pressure but the cameras did not capture details of the shooting. Acevedo wants cameras that turn on automatically when officers step out of their cruisers. Besides the structural changes in the department _ which include consolidation of the command structure and a sea of promotions _ Acevedo said he’s taking steps to improve morale. He greets virtually every HPD employee _ officer or otherwise _ as he passes them in the halls or on the street. He’s become a frequent presence on the streets and in stations across the city, and drops in at union events. “I can’t lead them if I don’t have a sense of what they’re facing,” he said. He changed department policy to allow officers to wear uniforms better-suited to Houston’s summers _ no more wool in August _ and cut paperwork so officers can spend more time on patrol or investigations. “We have the lowest starting pay of any big city in the state of Texas,” he said. “I’m trying to improve their overall quality of life… giving them less reasons to leave.” Acevedo’s approach, however, has alienated some officers, who say he “shoots from the hip” without thinking through his decisions and leaves staff scrambling to fulfill his mandates. When he proposed changing the department’s iconic badge, for example, Acevedo got pushback from the rank-and-file, and ultimately backed off. “I feel like we’re jumping from one lily-pad to another,” one commander said. “We’re making moves so fast, I’m having to try to calm officers down and justify what we’re doing. when I don’t even have a whole lot of certitude about what we’re doing.” Some members of the department’s higher echelons were unwilling to discuss their new chief’s track record publicly, but complain privately that his laid-back leadership style and some decisions make the department appear less professional. Allowing officers to display tattoos for the first time drew criticism from some older officers. And one frustrated high-ranking commander recalled Acevedo attending a meeting with his executive staff wearing a sweat suit and flip-flops. “That professional image that you have _ that’s all been … stripped away,” the commander said. Others, however, say the chief’s approach, while unconventional, is badly needed after years of institutional thinking. “He’s very down to earth; he’s very sociable with his executive staff,” another commander said. “He’s coming in and making some changes to things that probably needed to be changed.” Notably, Acevedo has avoided any serious confrontations so far with the bane of many other police chiefs: the officers’ union. “We just haven’t had many issues with him we would need to battle him on – and he’s a big proponent of getting buy-in from everyone,” said Joseph Gamaldi, vice president of the Houston Police Officers Union, acknowledging that Acevedo is still benefiting from a “honeymoon” phase. “While we may not agree with every decision he makes, on most issues we’re able to reach compromise,” he said. One of Acevedo’s first tests with the community involves the passage of a new state “sanctuary cities” law, which punishes police departments that prohibit employees from asking residents about their immigration status. Tensions ran high at a recent forum, where local activists accused Acevedo and the mayor of not doing enough to fight the law. Acevedo, however, penned opinion columns that appeared in the Chronicle and across the state opposing the legislation, and he testified in Austin that the law would make the city less safe. That didn’t satisfy some local activists, who have pushed for the city to challenge the law in court. “It’s kind of a mixed message to see him say he understands that the community is afraid, but at the same time to reiterate there is enough being done right now,” said Oscar Hernandez of the Houston chapter of United We Dream. “It’s really hard for me to say there’s been any drastic change within the police department, if I’m honest with you.” Other civil rights activists _ who have often found themselves at odds with the department over use of force _ have praised Acevedo’s visibility during high-profile situations. “If you talk to anyone in the community, they’ll tell you that he’s not standoffish and he believes the police ought to be part of the community,” said James Douglas, president of the Houston branch of the NAACP, which has worked with police on issues from civil rights to gang violence. Quanell X, a local civil rights activist who frequently butts heads with police, said Acevedo is “a breath of fresh air.” “The man truly believes in two things,” he said. “He believes in accountability for his officers, and he supports and is a big fan of community-police relationships.” Vincent Dickson, spokesman for the People’s New Black Panther Party, another frequent critic, knows personally about Acevedo’s hands-on approach. After Dickson got into a car crash in April, a police car pulled up. Acevedo stepped out. “How often does that happen?” Dickson asked. “It was kind of cool to have the head guy in charge show up when you had a traffic accident.” Other observers, meanwhile, say Acevedo’s reforms are pushing HPD’s supertanker-sized organization in a new direction. “Police departments tend to be command-and-control, top-down military-style organizations,” said Mustafa Tameez, a local political consultant who conducts media training for Houston police cadets. “It’s very difficult to change the culture in large organizations … and in a very short amount of time, I think he’s had a significant impact.” On a rare break one morning from his many meetings, Acevedo sat at the long table in his office, mulling the future. After months of political wrangling, the city had reached agreement over a major financial challenge endangering public safety, resolving concerns over pensions. He’d asked his command staff to free up overtime money for foot and bike patrols, to get officers back into local communities. One of his captains was getting a new Northbelt Field Division up and running. The citywide tactical unit and the “Lucky 13” _ a team that would be investigating nighttime shootings _ were just about to get started. The mayor had charged Acevedo with making the city safer and building better relationships with the community. “Public safety permeates through everything,” Turner said. “You can’t become so narrow in scope.that you become ineffective in your ability to function. … Chief Acevedo understands that, and he’s in an excellent position to speak to all of those issues, to all of the issues that impact a police officer’s ability to perform in the community and to keep people safe as well as keep themselves safe.” Still, battles loom. Hundreds of patrol cars need to be replaced. The repercussions from the sanctuary cities law is still playing out. The revenue cap remains a stumbling block to better resources, and recent budget cuts could mean one less cadet class and a hiring freeze for civilian support staff. Acevedo shifted in his chair. “We’re got so many projects going,” he said. “So many moving targets. So many balls in the air.” The day’s schedule beckoned. Moments later, he headed out the door. ___ Information from: Houston Chronicle, http://www.houstonchronicle.com Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular New Pittsburgh Courier photographer “Ricco” Martello runs into burning Midtown Towers building to save lives The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. Students show how Willie Lynch Syndrome still prevalent Dixon says McKees Rocks mayor calls public housing residents ‘dirty and nasty’ How Bob Marley estate still makes millions every year — even though he died more than 30 years ago Still no charges filed against unnamed shooter in death of Penn Hills High School student Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ג סיון תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Amazon Offers Prime Discount to Those on Government Benefits Amazon Offers Prime Discount to Those on Government Benefits Tuesday, June 6, 2017 at 2:08 pm | י"ב סיון תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - Amazon is making a play for low-income shoppers. The online leader is offering a discount on its pay-by-month Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The move, announced Tuesday, is seen by some analysts as an attempt to go after rival Walmart’s lower-income shoppers. The world’s largest retailer has revamped its shipping program and improved other services to drive online sales growth as it tries to narrow the gap with Amazon. People who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month for the Amazon Prime benefits. The typical Prime membership is $99 a year, but those who cannot afford to pay up front also have a $10.99-a-month option. Amazon designed this option to make its “selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime,” Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. Walmart has gained momentum in its online business, seeing its e-commerce sales soar 63 percent in its first quarter, up from a 29 percent increase the previous period. It now offers free-two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a purchase of $35. Online shoppers who collect their purchases at a store get extra discounts. And Walmart has dramatically expanded its online offerings — though it’s still far behind the hundreds of millions of products at Amazon.com. Amazon’s aim with the latest move is two-pronged, says Ken Perkins, president of research firm RetailMetrics. “It is part of Amazon’s overarching goal to inexorably move into every corner of retail,” he said. “Secondly, it is a direct move to pull consumers away from its chief retail rival Walmart, which has been far more aggressive competing with Amazon on price, offerings, delivery and building out its formidable e-commerce operations.” Filed under: Amazon Print Email Gmail Related Amazon Ships Twice as Many Items Through Prime Vs. Free Shipping Amazon Lowers Free Shipping Threshold to $25 Amazon Takes Heat for ‘Lame’ Deals on Vaunted ‘Prime Day’ Amazon Amps Up Prime With Unlimited Photo Storage Amazon.com Raises Free Shipping Minimum to $35 More in Business Investors in Asia Batten Down Ahead of U.K. Vote, Comey Testimony and ECB Retailers Lead Stocks to a Second Day of Modest Losses Business Briefs – June 6, 2017 Despite Trump Stumbles, Optimism of Top U.S. CEOs Hits Highest Level in Three Years Macy’s Warns About Profit Margins, Sending Shares Lower OP-ED No Room for Conciliation The Smoking Scourge Is Making a Comeback To Die for Estonia? Moment & Momentum: Shavuos Reflections Driving Out Qatar Withdrawal From Paris Accord Was a Wise Decision Hearing Aids for Hunters The U.N. Human Rights Council Whitewashes Brutality The Tune of Tehillim Shavuos — Infinite Fruit Mortal Etiquette vs. Immortal Truth Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia Close Call? The President’s Proposed New Drone Rules Features Because … Just Because This Day In History 13 Sivan/June 7 Silly Cereals Nichum Aveilim 13 Sivan/June 7 Sudoku – June 7, 2017 This Day In History 12 Sivan/June 6 The Odd Side – June 6, 2017 World of Wonder – June 6, 2017 Like a Shot Editorial Cartoon – June 6, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 12 Sivan/June 6 Sudoku – June 6, 2017 Faye Lehrer-Tusk (Part III) My Husband’s Anger Issues are Affecting Our Family Weather » Brooklyn °F See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,294.21 +19.1479 (+0.3051%) S&P 500 2,431.15 +1.82 (+0.07%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8879 GBP 0.7724 ILS 3.5428 CHF 0.9631 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in living Inside the world of NYC’s comedy groupies Famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright had a dark side How being cheated on affects your body I went nuts trying to get a healthy amount of sleep Researchers just did something Einstein thought was impossible Witch doctors are hunting bald men to use in magic potions What on earth are healing stickers — and do they really work? Teens who lie are more likely to have a drinking problem 1 in 4 Americans refuse medical care because they can’t afford... Even a moderate amount of drinking can screw up your brain How Hollywood royalty makes spaghetti 81-year-old grandfather determined to get high school diploma Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Living Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Pond scum is the new kale By Nicole Lyn Pesce, Moneyish View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 6, 2017 | 1:58pm | Updated June 7, 2017 | 11:38am Modal Trigger Juice Generation Originally Published By: Rainbow-colored foods are all the rage — for adults. The secrets to handling workplace aggression How to successfully trademark 'covfefe' If you thought kale was a bitter superfood to swallow, wait until you choke down blue-green algae. The cyanobacteria collected from the surface of freshwater lakes and ponds – also known as spirulina – is turning up in blue drinks, ice cream, lattes and M&Ms, as holistic experts and plant-based nutritionists rave about its health benefits. Kate Middleton reportedly sips it in her smoothies. The largest concentrations are found on Lake Texcoco in Mexico and Lake Chad in Central Africa, although algae farms have popped up on America’s west coast, as well. It’s flash-dried before being sold as a powder or in pill form for $20-$35 a pound from Walmart to Amazon. “It’s really a magical ingredient,” Madi Murphy, cofounder of hip Williamsburg cafe The End, told Moneyish. Her coffee shop’s popular unicorn latte uses a spirulina extract called Blue Majik harvested from Oregon’s Klamath Lake to give the drink its whimsical blue hue. Murphy became “low-key obsessed” with spirulina while studying at the Institute for Integrative Nutrition. It not only gave her the energy boost of coffee without the jittery side effects, but she said it gifted her mental clarity and stoked her creativity. A post shared by The End Brooklyn (@thendbrooklyn) on May 18, 2017 at 6:19am PDT The microalgae has been munched for centuries, from the South American Aztecs to west-central Africa, and contains high amounts of calcium, niacin, potassium, B vitamins, iron and essential amino acids. Research suggests it reduces inflammation, heart and liver disease. NASA has considered using it for its space program, noting that spirulina packs more iron than spinach, more beta carotene than carrots and more chlorophyll than wheat grass. And the wellness-obsessed are gobbling up supplements like spirulina with their miraculous claims. The global dietary supplements market is expected to reach $278.02 billion by 2024, and in 2015 alone, Americans spent $35 billion on them. But some experts are skeptical. Sharon Zarabi, a registered dietitian and progam director of bariatric surgery at Lenox Hill Hospital, agrees spirulina is “jam-packed with nutrients,” but notes that, “You would need to eat high concentrations in supplemental form” to get the same amount of nutrients you’d get from cheaper and more accessible green veggies. And registered dietitian and F-Factor Diet founder Tanya Zuckerbrot told Moneyish that, “the most prevalent and most recent study [on spirulina’s health properties] was done in 2008 – and prior to that, it was 1981. More research and clinical trials need to be conducted.” The plant pigments also give food a deep green or vibrant blue hue, which has been used to create $17 blue smoothie bowls and “mermaid” ice cream in Australia, blue iced tea in NYC and blue ombre chia parfaits in California. A post shared by Carrie (@e3livefeeling) on Jun 1, 2017 at 4:03pm PDT In fact, the FDA approved using the blue-green algae as a food dye in 2013 – after Mars, Incorporated petitioned for permission to use the natural food coloring in M&Ms and other sweets in a move away from artificial colors over the next few years. The Food Marketing Institute told the Wall Street Journal it expects the volume of spirulina used for food and beverages to quintuple in 2020 from 2014, and for the natural food-coloring industry to grow 6.8 percent per year. But Murphy admits that the blue green algae’s scummy taste is hard to swallow. “It’s like pond water in your mouth,” she said, with fishy and earthy notes to it. “It does not taste good at all, or smell good.” So The End mixes the Blue Majik extract into an elixir of wildflower honey, cold pressed lemon juice, filtered water and cayenne, which it blends with coconut milk into the unicorn latte that customers are actually enjoying. “It’s definitely our best-selling drink,” she said, “and there’s been a constant uptick as more and more are sold every month.” A post shared by Lina Saber 🌴 (@tropicallylina) on Apr 13, 2016 at 9:14pm PDT Juice Generation has followed a similar recipe for success with its Holy Water pressed juice, which blends Blue Majik with coconut, pineapple and holy basil. It’s remained in their top five best sellers (out of 15 juices) since launching last year. And founder Eric Helms told Moneyish they are adding a spirulina extract to baked popcorn made with coconut oil that they’re introducing next week. But rainbow food addicts just can’t get enough of the blue hue, which pops on Instagram and Facebook feeds. “People want to eat with their eyes first,” said Murphy. “And there’s just something fun about blue food. We usually associate it with something super whimsical, or super-duper unhealthy … but this is really healthy, so it hits that sweet spot in between the wellness and plant-based food movement, and the highly visible, shareable world we live in.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under Food ,  health ,  healthy eating ,  lifestyle ,  nutrition ,  trends Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Double amputee sues airline for mistaking his disability a... Read Next Double amputee sues airline for mistaking his disability a... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 73,924 Dramatic video captures robbery suspect's deadly shootout with cops 57,295 Nude sunbathers say perverts on yacht used drone to peep at them 48,381 Sugar baby says she's addicted to travel, not the sex Now On Phil Collins gets stitches after nasty fall Mexico and DiCaprio team up to help endangered porpoise Chris Cornell honored with empty spotlight SEE ALL Video 1:47 This hairy hottie is protesting beauty standards by not shaving Now On James Comey Testimony Live Stream: How To Watch The Former FBI Director’s Hearing For Free SEE ALL More Stories page six A-Rod's 'other woman' may just be after his money Now On Decider Norm Macdonald Explains Exactly Why Kathy Griffin’s Trump Beheading Stunt Was Such A Terrible Idea nypost Dramatic video captures robbery suspect's deadly shootout with cops New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Online giant takes on Walmart with big Prime discount June 6, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson The battle for low-income shoppers is heating up.    Amazon announced that individuals participating in government assistance programs can sign up for Amazon Prime membership at the discounted rate of $5.99 per month. The regular annual membership for Prime is $99 per year, or $10.99 a month for those who prefer to pay on a monthly basis.   To date, Prime's growth has largely been fueled by upper-middle and upper income shoppers. But with the new discount, Amazon is directly going after an audience segment that has long been a stronghold of Walmart: lower income customers.     “Amazon is not content existing within the confines of the more affluent customer base utilizing Prime today and is looking to expand into the lower income households that it has had trouble penetrating,” commented Matt Sargent, senior VP of retail at Magid, a global consulting firm. “Less than 25% of households making less than $25,000 subscribe to Amazon Prime, contrasting the fact that 60% of consumers making the same income regularly shop Walmart. Amazon recently announced the ability to engage with customers with poor credit through Amazon Cash and is now taking this a step further with a discounted Prime offering.”   At launch, customers will need a valid electronics benefit transfer (EBT) card to qualify for the Prime discount. (The card is commonly used to disburse funds for several government assistance programs, including Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), and Women, Infants, and Children Nutrition Program (WIC) EBT, however, cannot be used to pay for membership.   Amazon said it will add other ways to qualify in the future for customers participating in government assistance programs that do not utilize EBT. There is no annual commitment and members can cancel anytime.    “We designed this membership option for customers receiving government assistance to make our everyday selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime,” said Greg Greeley, VP of Amazon Prime.   Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented BJ's adds former Belk and Dick's Sporting Goods execs to its leadership team Five in-store amenities helping to drive traffic and engagement And the Store of the Year is... Walmart leverages ‘employees’ for last-mile delivery initiative Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Whole Foods Market disappoints Solutions Spotlight The New Era of "Responsive Retail" As the Internet of Things continues to drive the next era of retail, companies need to be ready to embrace these technologies as a means of meeting its digital shoppers’ evolving demands. This webinar from Intel will delve into how its new platform will deliver business value through improved inventory accuracy, advanced human capital and a new level of engagement. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: E-commerce fraud is declining — but the battle continues E-commerce fraud as a percent of sales dollars may be on the decline, however... Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… New attitudes, behaviors and shopping preferences among Generation Z and... Report: Facebook caters to hungry members There’s a new Facebook service that users are sure to “like:... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Frontpage Mag "Inside Every Progressive Is A Totalitarian Screaming To Get Out" @horowitz39, David Horowitz Main Menu FPM The Point Authors Store David Horowitz Who We Are Donate DH TV Mailing List Search form Search Before the Free Palestine Shirt, Sears Sold Swastikas June 6, 2017 Daniel Greenfield    Sears has a serious quality control problem. Online behemoths like Amazon move massive quantities of merchandise by allowing third party sellers to sell nearly everything through it, including counterfeit clothing, with very little quality control. Major big box retailers like Walmart and Sears have tried to compete by doing the same thing.  The trouble with opening the doors to third party sellers is that they decide to list things like swastika jewelry or a Free Palestine shirt. The message of the swastika and free Palestine is the same. Jewish genocide. Both have symbols of nationalistic anti-Semitism. The latter is linked to Islamic terrorism as well. Last time Sears issued an extensive apology and promised better quality control. When we became aware of the existence of these offensive items, we immediately prevented the items from being purchased on the site and then proceeded to remove them from the site yesterday (October 13, 2014). We are also in the process of removing related, offensive items from our site. All Marketplace Sellers must accept our seller agreement terms in order to sell their items on sears.com, that allow us to remove anything offensive. We promptly contacted the Sellers to strongly voice our concern over their incredible lack of judgment. The "Free Palestine" shirt is listed as coming from Spreadshirt. It seems as if Sears needs to have a talk with Spreadshirt. Share About Daniel Greenfield Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. Read More View the discussion thread. The Point A Daily Blog By Shillman Journalism Fellow Daniel Greenfield London Attack by Allah-Shouting, Knife-Wielding Muslims Not Terrorism AG Sessions Ends Obama's Settlement Payoffs to Left-Wing Groups Here's What Happened When Hillary Voters Were Told to Get a Job FAKE NEWS: No, Russian Hackers Aren't Behind the Qatar Crisis California Proves Reducing Inmates Doesn't Reduce Prison Costs TruthRevolt.org A project of the David Horowitz Freedom Center Donate Now David Horowitz Freedom Center Daniel Greenfield: HOW REPUBLICANS CAN WIN BACK CONSERVATIVES Daniel Greenfield: TRAITOR SENATORS TOOK MONEY FROM IRAN LOBBY, BACK IRAN NUKES Matthew Vadum: Leaders of the Lynch Mob Discover the Networks The Indivisible Team Plans to Use Aggressive Tactics to Destroy Trump's Presidency "Indivisible": Aiming to Convince Young Americans to Support Big Government Honor The Earth: Trashing Capitalism in the Name of the Environment Winona LaDuke: Protecting "Mother Earth" with Identity Politics All Back Issues of Heterodoxy Magazine (Under "In Depth" on right side) Stop The Jihad On Campus Hold a Teach-In to Stop the Jihad on Campus Islamophobia: Thought Crime of the Totalitarian Future The BDS Movement FactSheet Glazov Gang Choudary, Spencer and Jasser Battle It Out On “Jihad in Chattanooga” Ex-Muslim Mona Walter: Rescuing Muslims from Islam Deport the Abdulazeez Family Muslim Activist Isa Hodge vs. Ex-Imam Mark Christian on Jihad in Chattanooga Jihad Watch Former Archbishop of Canterbury warns against ‘Muslim mass immigration to Europe’ Fighting Islamization and antisemitism in America Spain warns of jihadist infiltration threat with ‘avalanche’ of refugees Islam Translated Islamic Supremacism: The True Source of Muslim ‘Grievances’ ‘Whoever Disbelieves, Strike Off His Head’: Muslim Persecution of Christians, February 2015 30,474 Likes 7,089 Followers Join the Mailing List FrontpageMag RSS The Point RSS About Contact Site Search Send a Tip © Copyright 2017, FrontPageMag.com Back to Top
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 72° 72° Low 69° High 89° Fri 70° 88° Sat 73° 88° Sun 75° 89° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Bite marks help police track down man wanted in string of robberies Posted 11:23 AM, June 6, 2017, by Alex Green, Updated at 11:34AM, June 6, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × Bite marks help police track down man wanted in string of robberies HOUSTON–  The identity of a man involved in a string of robberies has been confirmed after the police forensic database matched DNA from the bite marks of his victims. According to the Harris County Constable’s Office, a woman was loading her groceries into her vehicle in the 21000 block of Kuykendahl Road at a Walmart store Friday. A man approached her and attempted to steal her purse and bit her on the wrist. DNA taken at the scene matched DNA taken from a 2014 robbery. Based on the DNA match, Precinct 4 Investigators arrested Larry Dean Robertson Jr. for second-degree felony robbery-bodily injury. Robertson posted a $20,000 bond and has not been seen since. Police are asking that anyone with information on Robertson’s whereabouts contact the Precinct 4 Constable’s Office at 281-376-3472. Filed in: Local Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Denny’s chokehold death ruled a ‘homicide,’ but no charges filed as man’s family demands justice Medical Examiner: Man died of ‘strangulation’ after Denny’s confrontation with deputy’s husband Eli, the ‘Miracle Baby’ born without a nose, has died Video shows deputy’s husband using chokehold on man who died after confrontation at Denny’s Latest News HPD: Driver escapes; 2 passengers arrested after lengthy chase in SE Houston Massive truck loses front axle, crashes on Westpark Tollway in Richmond Oldest Homo sapiens fossils discovered Donald Glover is retiring Childish Gambino Local NewsFix Deputies: Law enforcement officer beaten with metal bar by boyfriend Local $65,000 reward for gunman who killed Pct. 3 deputy outside Baytown courthouse, officials say Local NewsFix Charges filed against 9 suspects, $21K confiscated in illegal game room bust in Harris County Nation/World Identity thief helps felons, people with prior evictions secure apartment leases, investigators say Local Harris County Commissioners Courthouse Annex to be named in honor of slain deputy Clint Greenwood Nation/World Woman uses baseball bat to fend off would-be robber, police say Local 3 suspected robbers on the run after clerk shot in Baytown, police say Nation/World ‘He’s a monster’: Man sentenced in ‘horrific’ kidnapping, sex assault of 2-year-old Local DA: Fifth Ward’s cell phone robbery kingpin, ‘T-Streets,’ sentenced 25 years to life Local Man wanted for check fraud gets caught with fake license plates, marijuana, methamphetamines Local NewsFix Police arrest Humble man, Houston woman nicknamed ‘Checked up Stanka’ wanted for string of Kroger store robberies Local NewsFix 4 serial robbery suspects arrested after fatal officer-involved shooting in NW Houston NewsFix HCSO: Robbery leads to Dekaney High School lockdown, four suspects in custody Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow Sign in / Sign up Home Climate Politics Russia Health Care World Features Video Latest Lauren C. WilliamsBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Tech reporter at ThinkProgress. Get at me: lwilliams@thinkprogress.org. Jun 6 Amazon expands Prime program to include people in food assistance programs But the Trump administration’s budget cuts could damper Amazon’s discount Prime program to the oft-forgotten 20 percent. A package from Amazon Prime moves on a conveyor belt at a UPS facility, Tuesday, May 9, 2017 in New York. CREDIT: AP Photo/Mark Lennihan People receiving public assistance benefits will be able to take advantage of Amazon Prime, the company announced Tuesday. The online retailer’s new program, which could expand access to its services to about 20 percent of the population, targets competitors like Walmart. Households that receive government benefits like food stamps can now get all of Amazon Prime’s perks — access to video, games, and music streaming, fast premium shipping, and free e-books, periodicals, and podcasts — for $5.99 a month. Regular membership costs $99 upfront annually or $10.99 a month, which amounts to about $131 a year. “We designed this membership option for customers receiving government assistance to make our everyday selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime,” Amazon Prime Vice President Greg Greeley said in a news release. Amazon Prime has developed a track record among high-income households, especially those with teens. But the service has recently grown in popularity, extending its reach to nearly half of all American households, and Amazon has been working to gain traction with lower-income households as well. The new program requires individuals to have valid Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) cards provided by the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), the Women, Infants, and Children Nutrition Program (WIC), or Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF). About one in five households that qualify for and use government assistance must have a maximum annual income of $26,546 for a family of three. Participants can only renew their service four times, amounting to four years of discounted Prime. That condition coincides with the maximum average length of time people use economic assistance programs, including Medicaid, according to the Census Bureau: 56 percent of participants stop after 36 months, with the remaining 43 percent using assistance programs up to four years. About 31 percent stop receiving government aid within the first year. Behold the full horror of Donald Trump’s 25 percent food stamps cut Austerity’s violence, aimed at hollow stomachs.thinkprogress.org But those benefits are at risk of being significantly cut back thanks to the Trump administration’s proposed budget cuts this year. The president announced his budget in May, which suggested slashing the SNAP budget by $193 billion over 10 years — a move that will largely hurt his supporters. The SNAP program supports more than 22 million households, totaling about 45 million people, according to a Quartz analysis. Most heads of those households are white American citizens residing in states that voted for Trump in the 2016 election. Half of them, about 40 million, are children or elderly. Government Amazon Economics Poverty 4 3 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Lauren C. Williams Tech reporter at ThinkProgress. Get at me: lwilliams@thinkprogress.org. Follow ThinkProgress Moving news forward. Share 4 Never miss a story from ThinkProgress, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from ThinkProgress Get updatesGet updates
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Amazon offers Prime discount to those who get… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Workers’ comp fraud Students who took Xanax Vote for top workplaces 2017 graduations Rehab investigation Business Amazon offers Prime discount to those who get government food benefits Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Amazon said Tuesday it will discount its popular Prime program to lower-income families who receive SNAP or food benefits. Seen here, a package from Amazon Prime is loaded for delivery in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) By Staff and news service reports | PUBLISHED: June 6, 2017 at 8:27 am | UPDATED: June 6, 2017 at 10:15 am Amazon is making a play for low-income shoppers. The online retailer is offering a discount on its Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The move, announced Tuesday, is seen by some analysts as an attempt to go after rival Walmart’s lower-income shoppers. The world’s largest retailer has revamped its shipping program and improved other services to drive online sales growth as it tries to narrow the gap with Amazon. People who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month for the Amazon Prime benefits like free shipping and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows. The typical Prime membership is $99 a year, but those who cannot afford to pay up front also have a $10.99-a-month option. Amazon designed this option to make its “selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime,” Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. Walmart has gained momentum in its online business, seeing its e-commerce sales soar 63 percent in its first quarter, up from a 29 percent increase the previous period. It now offers free-two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a purchase of $35. Online shoppers who collect their purchases at a store get extra discounts. And Walmart has dramatically expanded its online offerings — though it’s still far behind the hundreds of millions of products at Amazon.com. Amazon’s aim with the latest move is two-pronged, says Ken Perkins, president of research firm RetailMetrics. “It is part of Amazon’s overarching goal to inexorably move into every corner of retail,” he said. “Secondly, it is a direct move to pull consumers away from its chief retail rival Walmart, which has been far more aggressive competing with Amazon on price, offerings, delivery and building out its formidable e-commerce operations.” Some 4.4 million Californians receive food benefits under the CalFresh program in 2015, according to the Public Policy Institute of California, a nonpartisan think tank based in San Francisco. Recipient received an average $142 benefit monthly for groceries. Overall, PPIC reported, Californians got nearly $7.5 billion, or 10.8 percent of the total national spending on SNAP. The state also has a small state-funded program ($80 million in fiscal year 2015) to help non-citizen legal permanent residents who cannot receive federal benefits. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Five standout players could produce history-making year for Orange County in the MLB Draft Whittier football player dies in hiking accident the day before his high school graduation 100 arrested in gang, Mexican Mafia crackdown See the colorful wall murals of Santa Ana Newport Coast house sells for $24.1 million – top O.C. sale in ’17 so far Here’s what to know about coyotes in Southern California VIDEO: Disneyland’s first kids: These two were the first boy, girl in the gate in 1955 Judge: 3 accused in Orange County jail escape will stand trial How high a fence can coyotes jump? Could slightly lower attendance at Disneyland be a good thing? Rancho Mission Viejo unveils $11 million ‘Hilltop’ recreational hub in Esencia Man pleads guilty to hitting Santa Ana 7-Eleven clerk in tirade caught on video Tags:  Business Economy Retail technology Top Stories OCR Staff and news service reports View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Uncategorized 2016 champ Novak Djokovic in ‘whole new situation’ after French Open loss Crime log for Lake Forest, May 31-June 6 Classic VWs bring back memories in Huntington Beach The Canyons, Coto de Caza & Ladera Ranch 6/8 Live Traffic Map Weather Corrections Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store RSS Feeds Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News Election 2017 UK News World News Politics Opinion TATT'S CRAZY Serial offender’s NINE mugshots reveal how he’s progressively covered his face with tattoos over his eight -year crime spree The 25-year-old's latest mugshot shows there's no more room on his face for a new tattoo By Maryse Godden 6th June 2017, 5:33 pm Updated: 6th June 2017, 6:35 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THIS repeat offender’s mugshots reveal how his face tattoos have evolved over his eight-year crime spree. Robert Hardister, from Stuart, Florida, has been arrested plenty of times –  but police still have trouble keeping up with his ever-changing appearance. Splash News 6 Robert Hardister, 25, was arrested in St. Augustine, Florida, for allegedly dealing drugs out of a stolen car The 25-year-old is behind bars yet again – this time for allegedly dealing drugs out of a stolen car in Florida. He was handcuffed on Sunday by an officer conducting a routine patrol in the St Augustine neighbourhood. His latest mugshot shows the tattooed criminal with a newly pierced eyebrow and darker hair. Palm Beach Sheriff's Office 6 The 18-year-old’s first mugshot in 2009 shows him fresh-faced without a tattoo in sight (left) and every time he was back at the police station, he would boast a new tat (right) Palm Beach Sheriff's Office 6 He added a teardrop and bleached his hair in 2013 (left) before adding multiple inkings later for his next mug (right) Last year, he was caught sleeping in a stolen truck in a WalMart car park. Hardister told cops he didn’t know the truck was stolen, but he was still charged with vehicle theft. He told police he’d actually borrowed the 1998 black Ford F-150 from a friend to move furniture to his new apartment and had even paid him $20 (£15), Palm Beach Post reported. One of his earliest mugshots in 2009 when he was just 18, shows a fresh-faced Hardister with floppy hair and not an ink in sight. But after being arrested multiple times over the years, each snap would boast a brand new tattoo – but his latest one shows there is little room for anymore work. In the past, he has pleaded guilty to a few theft charges and spent time in jail, court records show. If photos from previous bookings in the Palm Beach County Jail are an indication, Hardister appears to have got most of the facial ink since February two years ago when he was arrested by Tequesta police for an out of town warrant. MOST READ IN NEWS GONE IN 6 SECONDS Dramatic moment hero cops storm in and gun down knife-wielding jihadis in hail of 50 bullets seconds after drinker is brutally stabbed in Borough Market 'ARE YOU HAVING A BREAKDOWN?' Vile Ryanair passenger reduces female check-in worker to tears with shocking five-minute rant THE SUN SAYS Don't chuck Britain in the COR-BIN - vote Tory today unless you want a terrorists' friend who plans to open our borders and hike taxes as PM 'I'M PROUD OF MYSELF' Hero Millwall fan dubbed Lion of London Bridge reveals his injuries to The Sun after he stopped knife-wielding jihadis CROSS-DRESSING KILLER Man ‘disguised himself in a burka so he could lure boy, 11, from mosque to rape and murder him' what the polls say Final election polls give mixed messages but bookies favour Tory majority 'in the 80s' today In that mugshot, Hardister sports only a tear drop under his right eye and a tattoo on the right side of his neck. Then, a year later when arrested on a fraud charge, Hardister had added a tattoo to the left side of his neck. Palm Beach Sheriff's Office 6 In 2013, Hardister added artwork including a star under his right eye and lettering on his neck, left cheek and chin (left) and by the end of 2014, thick black ink started appearing on his forhead (right) Palm Beach Sheriff's Office 6 Hardister when he was arrested in July last year Palm Beach Sheriff's Office 6 Robert Hardister mugshot after he was arrested for allegedly stealing a truck in September last year Hardister’s mugshot on February 17, 2013, after an arrest on several charges including burglary shows added artwork including a star under his right eye and lettering on his neck, left cheek and chin. By the time Hardister was arrested in July for a probation violation, his face was almost entirely tatted up, leaving only a small area on the right side of his face without ink. Hardister was booked into the St Johns County Sheriff’s Office Inmate Facility on no bond. Criminal mugshot dubbed 'the sexiest ever' We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Exclusive IN THE A&E TONIGHT Phil Collins rushed to hospital after gashing his head in horror fall forcing him to cancel London shows TV & Showbiz STRIPADVISOR Love Island's Caroline Flack spotted sunbathing topless as she works on her tan before filming in Majorca TV & Showbiz Exclusive SPY-PHONE Samsung's 'peeping Tom' smartphones can listen to what you're watching online and monitor your EMAILS Tech Warning GONE IN 6 SECONDS Dramatic moment hero cops storm in and gun down knife-wielding jihadis in hail of 50 bullets seconds after drinker is brutally stabbed in Borough Market News 'run VT for God's sake!' This Morning's Holly Willoughy laughs so hard she drops to the floor to avoid wetting herself TV & Showbiz Gossip time to say good bay Alexis Sanchez closing in on Bayern Munich move on incredible £21.7million-a-year deal Football 'ARE YOU HAVING A BREAKDOWN?' Vile Ryanair passenger reduces female check-in worker to tears with shocking five-minute rant News Comment THE SUN SAYS Don't chuck Britain in the COR-BIN - vote Tory today unless you want a terrorists' friend who plans to open our borders and hike taxes as PM News 'Maybe we'll be team-mates' Is Alvaro Morata off to Man Utd with James Rodriguez after he reveals hopes for duo? Football Exclusive busting out Demi Rose goes TOPLESS in Ibiza as she takes a dip in the sea wearing just her bikini bottoms TV & Showbiz Exclusive Booty call? Towie's Jamie Reed hints ex-girlfriend Amber Turner turned up at his house at 4am as she wanted SEX TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'I'M PROUD OF MYSELF' Hero Millwall fan dubbed Lion of London Bridge reveals his injuries to The Sun after he stopped knife-wielding jihadis News SILENT PROTEST Saudi Arabia footballers fail to line up for minute's silence for London terror victims Football CROSS-DRESSING KILLER Man ‘disguised himself in a burka so he could lure boy, 11, from mosque to rape and murder him' News LEGGY AND LACY Stephanie Davis arrives in London for Big Brother 'agony aunt' debut wearing laced-up leggings TV & Showbiz Just Published JAWSDY SHORE Fisherman reels in monster 7ft shark after incredible hour-long battle with 14-stone beast off the coast of Whitby News BRUSSELS' NIGHTMARE EU fears 'nightmare' hung parliament after election - which could delay Brexit News FIRST PASTRY POST Greggs opens its first - and only - drive-thru so hungry punters can grab steak bakes and iced buns News SUN WON’T GO DOWN Cynical Corbynites bulk buy copies of The Sun to stop public from reading how the bungling Labour leader would damage Britain if elected News A REAL TREASURE This £785,000 seaside manor comes with a title which allows the owner to claim any shipwrecks on shore News Sun Apprentice scheme 2017 Get paid for work while training to be a journalist with The Sun News 'A VIRGIN SEEKS YOU' Woman, 19, claims to be selling her virginity for £150,000 in online ad boasting 'I am open for everything' News Warning DEATH OF EVIL New footage shows London Bridge terrorist's dying breath as armed cops stand over him after brave officers shot him dead following massacre News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
        AutoGuide.com RVguide.com Motorcycle ATV.com Snowmobile.com PersonalWatercraft.com Login Register Home News Car Reviews Editorials Video Product Reviews Tips and Advice Contact FAQ Forum Honda Is Considering An Odyssey Hybrid With Acura MDX Running Gear To Challenge The Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid Trackday Diaries: Pick a Perfect Pickup Confirmed: With a New Volkswagen Tiguan Incoming, the Old Volkswagen Tiguan Becomes the Tiguan Limited in America Challenged by Nissan and Toyota, Hyundai Pumps Up the Crossover Value QOTD: How Does The Toyota C-HR Make You Feel? Mazda Has No Death Watch For The Mazda 6 2017 Ford F-150 4×4 King Ranch Review – Southfork Living Choose category AcuraAlfa RomeoAston MartinAudiBentleyBMWBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerCitroenDaciaDaihatsuDatsunDodgeFerrariFiatFordGenesisGMCHoldenHondaHyundaiInfinitiInternational HarvesterIran KhodroIsuzuJaguarJeepKiaLamborghiniLand RoverLexusLincolnLotusLynk & CoMaseratiMazdaMcLarenMercedes-BenzMercuryMGMINIMitsubishiNissanOldsmobileOpelOtherPeugeotPlymouthPontiacPorscheRamRemix ReviewRenaultRolls-RoyceSaabSaturnScionsmartSubaruSuzukiTataTeslaToyotaVauxhallVolkswagenVolvoŠkoda Find Reviews by Make: The Truth About Cars | Industry | News Blog | Toyota Toyota’s Brand Value Seems Unstoppable; Mercedes-Benz Close to Unseating BMW By Steph Willems on June 6, 2017 Tweet Yes, we’re talking #brands, because brand value is a point of pride for all companies, not just automakers. In the latest ranking of brand value, it seems Toyota needn’t worry about losing its lofty perch among automakers. For the fourth year, the Japanese automaker beat out all other car companies in the 2017 BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands ranking published by market research company Kantar Millward Brown. Valued at $28.66 billion, Toyota sits in the 30th spot, one notch above Walmart. That’s two spots lower than last year’s rankings, something Toyota can blame on increase costs and a weak yen. The ranking also contains good news for Ford and troubling news for BMW. Bavaria’s most famous automaker was booted from the top spot among automakers in 2013, resting in second place ever since. However, competition from its main German rival is fierce. With a brand value of $24.56 billion, BMW’s status eroded significantly in the past year, placing third-place finisher Mercedes-Benz within striking distance of its podium. Mercedes received a brand valuation of $23.51 billion this year. This year’s list sees Honda and Ford switch places, with the only Detroit Three entry moving up to fourth place. Rounding out the top 10 most valuable automakers are Nissan, Audi, Tesla, Land Rover and Porsche. Among the top global brands, Nissan ranks 100th. Tesla made its first appearance in the top 10 automakers last year, ranked in the last spot, making its rapid elevation newsworthy. “The Tesla story is interesting because it is not just the cars it offers now, it is the promise for the future,” Peter Walshe, Global BrandZ director at Kantar Millward Brown, told Automotive News. “There is a perception that it offers a fantastic brand experience, even among non-owners. The only other brands that I’ve seen have this kind of appeal before they got into mass market were Apple and Facebook.” Promise for the future isn’t everything with would-be buyers, however. The actual experience of owning a high quality product counts for much more, which explains Toyota’s dominance of the segment. The automaker is “seen as a reliable, quality value brand,” said Walshe. Kantar Millward Brown compiles its annual list from data gained from 3 million consumer interviews. [Image: Toyota] Posted in Industry, News Blog, Toyota Tagged as BMW, brand rankings, brand value, Mercedes-Benz, Tesla, Toyota Tweet Print More Reviews < Previous Post"Honda Is Considering An Odyssey Hybrid With Acura MDX Running Gear To Challenge The Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid" Next Post >"NHTSA Investigating Faulty Airbag System in Jeep Liberty; Preexisting Recall on Older Models" Get the latest TTAC e-Newsletter! Recommended Back to Top End of Comments 26 Comments on “Toyota’s Brand Value Seems Unstoppable; Mercedes-Benz Close to Unseating BMW...” Oberkanone June 6th, 2017 at 12:14 pm Scion Most brilliant brand ever. Login to reply DeadWeight June 6th, 2017 at 12:32 pm Was stuck with a brand new Toyota RAV-4 as a rental over the weekend because Sixt was not available in the city I was traveling to, the rental place messed up my online category reservation, and I couldn’t get another vehicle (long story) due to very pressing time constraints – – but I have a hate-filled rant to share that most people who are cynical yet realistic will enjoy: FK YOU, TOYOTA, DIRECTLY UP YOUR A$$ WITH A LONG, SHARP, POINTY OBJECT!!!! I am *literally* shocked as to how far Toyota has fallen in terms of interior quality, fit/finish, drivetrain (lack of) refinement, a$$ ride quality, stupid-looking switchgear and gauges, flimsy build quality, wheezing engines, and other attributes I’d sooner associate with a circa-2002 Kia (it’s a major insult to Kia to even mention them in the same sentence as the 2017 Scrapyota CRAP-4 I was stuck with for 36 hours, as Kia is superior in *every*way). I have a buddy whose kid has a 2004 Honda CRV that rides like and has the interior and exterior build quality and fit and finish superiority of something like a Mercedes E Class when contrasted with the total pieces of sh!t SH!TYOTA FUK-4 that I wanted to drive into a concrete embankment Aubrey McClendon-style, at 90 mph or higher (but I’d bail out, unlike Aubrey, just before impact), assuming the FAKYOTA PLASTC-4 was able to hold together long enough at speeds above 65 mph. FAK YOU, TOYOTA. YOUR FOUNDER WOULD ROLL IN HIS GRAVE IF HE SAW WHAT YOU’VE DONE WITH HIS HARD-BIRTHED COMPANY. The next time someone even mentions RAV-4 to me, in addition to Yaris, Echo, Coronal or a few other highly sketchy TOILETYOTA vehicles, I will stab them squarely and with 420 lbs feet of torque in the esophagus with a fountain pen or pencil, and drop kick them in their ear/temple region before their body hits the floor, before dragging their gasping-for-breath body to the nearest RAV-4, buckling them in the driver’s seat,putting a cinder block on the accelerator, and popping that sucker in drive pointed towards the nearest cliff.p or steep ravine or concrete/steel abutment. Login to reply tedward June 6th, 2017 at 1:17 pm I hear you deadweight. The all important question here though is, where does this car stand in relation to the ats? Would you choose the cadillac? Login to reply DeadWeight June 6th, 2017 at 6:16 pm Based on what they are advertised as, and marketed as, per their respective manufacturer, and their sticker price (and real-world depreciation and reliability), the ATS is worse, but the RAV-4 is a wretched vehicle nonetheless, and I’d pass on both even if they were damn near free (life is too short to drive POS vehicles). I am maintaining that “peak goodness” for vehicles was mid 1990s to mid 2000s, depending on manufacturer and model. Vehicles manufactured since 2012, and in many cases since 2008 or even 2004, worse in terms of quality, interior materials, NVH, ride quality, etc., than their successors (Honda/Acura, BMW, Cadillac, Toyota/Lexus, etc., etc.). Login to reply ajla June 6th, 2017 at 7:58 pm Yea, I’m close to buying the mintiest 2008 Jaguar XJ I can find and just maintaining it until AVs are mandated. Login to reply 28-Cars-Later June 6th, 2017 at 8:16 pm I highly endorse this financial mistake. bikegoesbaa June 6th, 2017 at 1:33 pm Tell me more about the “2004 Toyota CRV”, oh wise sage of all things vehicular. Login to reply DeadWeight June 6th, 2017 at 1:43 pm Hit the drink earlier than usual today, did you? Login to reply 28-Cars-Later June 6th, 2017 at 2:49 pm We could ask the same of you DW. :D Login to reply DeadWeight June 6th, 2017 at 2:55 pm I’m only cranky when sober. JimZ June 6th, 2017 at 1:54 pm I actually agree with you. I was looking at a ’17 RAV-4 yesterday, and the interior was rather dismal. The carpet was especially horrid, it didn’t even look like carpet. more like shiny painted burlap. Login to reply APaGttH June 6th, 2017 at 2:32 pm THANK YOU. Last year my wife and I rented a brand new Toyota RAV-4 to drive from Long Beach to Death Valley. It was a FWD LE, and the only option it had was floor mats. …I am *literally* shocked as to how far Toyota has fallen in terms of interior quality, fit/finish, drivetrain (lack of) refinement, a$$ ride quality, stupid-looking switchgear and gauges, flimsy build quality, wheezing engines, and other attributes I’d sooner associate with a circa-2002 Kia (it’s a major insult to Kia to even mention them in the same sentence as the 2017 Scrapyota CRAP-4 I was stuck with for 36 hours, as Kia is superior in *every*way)… We drove that RAV-4 1200 miles, and we share every bit of your sentiment. A sea of cheap, hard black plastic. It was positively GM 1990s grade. Questionable ergonomics, cheap switch gear. DW the driver seat was broken on the brand new RAV-4. We didn’t realize until my wife tried to drive the yota. The seat when we picked up the car was in a good position for me. My shorter wife couldn’t move the seat forward. It’s just at the front of the seat, lift it up. I am. Let me try. After 20 minutes of yanking, rocking, and near violence the seat wouldn’t budge. The nearest ‘yota dealer to where we were in Death Valley? Las Vegas. Or I could have driven it back to Long Beach for an exchange. Wheezy engine? Check. Noisy as hell? Check. Exhausting to drive with numb on center feel that felt as if GM designed the electric steering (oh wait, they do share the parts). Check Awful seats with zero lumbar support that leave you feeling sore and broken after a day of driving? Check I will say this, I brutalized the RAV-4. BRUTALIZED it. There is a long story of almost missing the return flight, dropping off the RAV-4 covered in desert dust and salt of Death Valley, and an empty gas tank. It was so dirty we got nailed a cleaning fee. I took that all the way out to Race Track and back, rock crawled on jeep trails. I will say, it went everywhere I asked. It also is a poster child on why someone should never, ever buy a rental car. That was hard ass miles on a new anything. But that is no defense, the RAV-4 is just awful all the way around. The only people I can imagine buying them are spawning salmon that return to the Toyota showroom because…Toyota. The CR-V is vastly better – Hell just about anything else is better. Login to reply DeadWeight June 6th, 2017 at 2:41 pm I’m not a huge fan of Ford due to quality missteps and too many dealership horror stories (with some notable exceptions), but the Ford Escape is so much better than the Turdyota A$$-4 that it’s almost impossible to overstate how much better it is in nearly every way (especially ride quality, NVH, interior material quality, switchgear, gauges, co fort, etc.) Login to reply Oberkanone June 7th, 2017 at 6:34 pm Pssst, RAV-4 Deadweight, RAV-4. Login to reply Fred June 6th, 2017 at 12:41 pm More marketing bs. Who cares about the brand it’s the products you dummies! Login to reply jfbar167 June 6th, 2017 at 12:51 pm Explain that to Jeep. Login to reply Fred June 6th, 2017 at 1:35 pm Their products are mostly well liked. Login to reply wsn June 6th, 2017 at 2:45 pm Yes, poor products liked due to brand image. Login to reply stingray65 June 6th, 2017 at 12:46 pm Sorry, but this is a total Bullsh– ranking. I bet 85+ people out of 100 around the world heard of all the major car brands and could pretty accurately rank them in terms of sales, prestige, price-class, quality, national origin, and performance. Yet Alibaba, Tencent, and SAP are all higher than any of the car brands? I bet 70%+ of the world population has never heard of any of them, much less what business they are in or how good they are. If most people haven’t heard about your brand it is worthless to them. Then you have brands like Marlboro that are certainly well known, but 80% of the people hate it because they don’t like smoking. If people don’t like your brand it has negative value. My guess is the rankings are influenced by on some under the table money – maybe BMW isn’t coughing up enough to maintain their ranking? Login to reply wsn June 6th, 2017 at 2:48 pm Alibaba is not a consumer product company and thus you can’t compare its brand value with Toyota directly based on population. Login to reply JohnTaurus June 6th, 2017 at 1:29 pm More evidence that Ford is doomed. They should just give up now. Best selling brand in the U.S. and Canada? No, that is no indication of health. It would be for a non-American auto brand, but as it stands, its just more evidence that they’re dead in the water. Just wait until gas prices hit $8/gallon (ANY day now), since they have NO cars whatsoever, they’ll be closing the doors five days later. Doom, gloom, death, failure, these are the only words that apply to Ford. Login to reply bikegoesbaa June 6th, 2017 at 2:00 pm “Doom, gloom, death, failure, these are the only words that apply to Ford.” Not true. There’s also “fanboy”. Login to reply Bazza June 6th, 2017 at 6:40 pm On the nose. He’s Ford’s BTSR without the intellect. Login to reply bikegoesbaa June 6th, 2017 at 1:35 pm I’m amazed that Wal-Mart is ranked that highly. Maybe it’s a result of all the free publicity and goodwill generated by “People of Walmart”? Login to reply Joss June 6th, 2017 at 1:47 pm Say Nissan just squeezed in at #100… Must be a Mirage… Login to reply bd2 June 7th, 2017 at 3:40 am Wouldn’t feel too bad for BMW. BMW will be revamping most of lineup in the next few years, including ALL of its crossovers (in addition to adding the X7). Login to reply Back to TopLeave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Find Car Reviews By Make Acura Ford Lotus Saturn Aston Martin GMC Maserati Scion Audi Honda Mazda smart Bentley Hyundai Mercedes-Benz Subaru BMW Infiniti Mercury Suzuki Buick Jaguar MG Toyota Cadillac Jeep MINI Volkswagen Chevrolet Kia Mitsubishi Volvo Chrysler Lamborghini Nissan Others Citroen Land Rover Porsche Dodge Lexus Pontiac Ferrari Lincoln Saab Receive updates on the best of TheTruthAboutCars.com Latest Car Reviews view all 2018 Toyota C-HR Review – Dividing Opinion Doesn’t Get Any Easier Than This 2017 BMW X5 xDrive35i Review – Luxury Mid-size Crisis 2017 Ford F-150 4×4 King Ranch Review – Southfork Living 2017 Subaru Impreza 2.0i Premium 5-Door Review – Not Just Competitive Because There Are Four Driven Wheels 2016 Nissan Pathfinder S Rental Review – Eighteen Grand 2017 Kia Optima Hybrid Review – By No Means Perfect, But Largely Free From Imperfection Introducing Tim’s Early-Life Crisis: 2004 Mazda MX-5 Miata Long-Term Test Follow @TTAC Recent Comments Re: Toyota’s Brand Value Seems Unstoppable; Mercedes-Benz Close to Unseating BMW Oberkanone - Pssst, RAV-4 Deadweight, RAV-4. Re: Now Is the Time to Get Yourself a Midsize Sedan on a Dirt Cheap Lease Deal deanst - Automakers either have unrealistic residual value assumption or they give you a low mileage allowance and hope you get... Re: Shaping a Bleaker Future: Generational Trends in New Car Ownership brn - I congratulate AutoList for attempting to publish their survey methodology. I shame them for it being a poor attempt. How was the... Re: 2018 Toyota C-HR Review – Dividing Opinion Doesn’t Get Any Easier Than This SavageATL - This is not quite as ugly as the 2018 Odyssey. That isn’t as ugly in pictures as it is in person, but in... Re: Now Is the Time to Get Yourself a Midsize Sedan on a Dirt Cheap Lease Deal TwoBelugas - Wait a minute, 189 for 36 months, 2k down, that’s about 8800. In my area brand new Camry SE’s are... Re: Now Is the Time to Get Yourself a Midsize Sedan on a Dirt Cheap Lease Deal 28-Cars-Later - SS? Wasn’t this like a $54K ride when new? MY14 Chevrolet (Commodore) SS 5/23/17 $32,345* 23,968 –... Re: Shaping a Bleaker Future: Generational Trends in New Car Ownership sportyaccordy - What are you talking about. A little more than $20K will put you in a Civic Sport, Fiesta ST, Fit, Elantra Sport... Re: Charity Case Honda Civic Type R: First in the United States and Up For Auction Click REPLY to reload page - Honda… we keep it simple! Except for the rear end, That’s a complicated mess. Re: Crossover Crunch: Citing Demand, Ford Shortens Plant Shutdown to One Week whitworth - I think it has a lot to do with interest rates still being absurdly low and lending institutions lending to risky... Re: Now Is the Time to Get Yourself a Midsize Sedan on a Dirt Cheap Lease Deal Hummer - Tnk, If your tired of driving a vehicle after 3 years, you made a poor choice at purchase. Leasing cars is like renting... Latest Junkyard Finds view all 1966 Chevrolet Impala Sport Sedan 1987 Mercedes-Benz 190E, 601,173-Mile Edition 1977 Ford Ranchero GT Brougham 1993 Plymouth Voyager with Five-Speed Manual 1980 Buick Skylark Limited 1974 Cadillac Fleetwood Sixty Special Brougham 2000 Oldsmobile Intrigue GLS, Phoenix Open Edition Latest Editorials view all Parked In Drive: 1974 Citroën 2CV Camionette Ace of Base: 2017 Jeep Wrangler Sport Honda Is Considering An Odyssey Hybrid With Acura MDX Running Gear To Challenge The Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid Trackday Diaries: Pick a Perfect Pickup Confirmed: With a New Volkswagen Tiguan Incoming, the Old Volkswagen Tiguan Becomes the Tiguan Limited in America Rare Rides: The 2004 Joe Gibbs Racing Tahoe Is Fast and Confused Junkyard Find: 1966 Chevrolet Impala Sport Sedan New Car Research Select a Make Select Make First Get a Free Dealer Quote <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=F">Quote for F</a> Piston Slap Articles Of Ford’s Locking Seatbelts, Differentials The Underutilized Headlight Phenomenon Car Design Grab Bag! Upgrading The Fleet? Time to Retire Those Tires? Zoom, Zoom … Wander? A Stern Talkin’ To About OEM Headlamps? Hammer Time Articles The Real Cost of Being a Car Guy From Old Caddys to VW Crusher Fodder, Steve Lang’s Best of 2015 Why Would Anyone Ever Recommend The Dodge Journey? Why Cheap Cars Don’t Sell Is America’s Last $15,000 Midsize Sedan Worth It? Whatever Happened To Black Friday? How a Smelly Dog Helped Me Buy a Volkswagen Vellum Venom Articles Flattened Fenders and Air Curtains 2017 North American International Auto Show (Part II) 2017 North American International Auto Show (Part I) 1985 Lamborghini Countach LP5000 QV 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata (ND) Innovation, Planned Obsolescence and Fisher Body Pantone 448 C Generation Why Articles Younger Generation at Risk of Being Poorer Than Parents Shifting With The Future At The Hagerty Driving Experience What’s Wrong with Buick, from a Former Buick Owner It’s Time To End The Non-Sporty Coupe I Want My S16 Social Media Is For Social Networking, Not Car Shopping JD Power Says Gen Y Now Buying More Cars Than Gen X Avoidable Contact Articles Thank You And Goodbye (Sort Of) Cayenne won’t help ya, Cayenne won’t do you no good. Who’s afraid of a little integration? Return Of The Mack. An immodest proposal to solve the German nomenclatural nincompoopery. Torture, forgiveness, meaning. This Geneva Convention Was Torture For Enthusiasts Staff Editors Mark Stevenson Managing Editor Steph Willems Associate Editor Timothy Cain Sales Analysis Jack Baruth Editor-at-Large Murilee Martin Junkyard Find Editor Sajeev Mehta Piston Slap Editor Contributors Matthew Guy, Canada Seth Parks, United States Ronnie Schreiber, United States Bozi Tatarevic, United States Chris Tonn, United States Corey Lewis, United States Moderators Adam Tonge, United States Kyree Williams, United States New Cars Used Cars Video Auto Insurance Future Cars Spy Photos Top 10 Compare Cars About Us Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions © 2004 - 2017 The Truth About Cars
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Corporate News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Amazon Cuts Prime Membership Fees For Poor Shoppers 6/6/2017 11:51 AM ET Online retailer Amazon.com will cut the membership price for low-income shoppers as a move to counter retail giant Walmart, WSJ reported. Amazon now offers 45 percent discount on Prime Membership to $5.99 a month for those who receive government assistance. Normal monthly membership fee is $10.99, while annual fee is $99, with access to unlimited two-day shopping. The price slash will be effective for three groups of people on government assistance. It is expected that the beneficiaries of Women, Infants and Children Nutrition Program will be benefited mostly. Amazon started accepting food stamps since last summer. Prime Membership is considered significant for Amazon as they opt to buy more often than non-Prime members. Spending pattern also is encouraging for the online retailer. Amazon has been offering attractive offers to its Prime Membership clients. They are offering perks and one day delivery to clients. It is estimated that Amazon has 49 million Prime membership, reportedly worth $143 billion. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In June The Top Green Companies on Earth Previous Story Next Story Corporate News ARGENTINA: Oil Company Faces US$3 Bln. Trial From Investment Fund In US BRAZIL: Temer Trial On Electoral Court May End Political Crisis Tesla Motors, 19 Other Companies Join Fortune 500 For First Time ABBV Hits A High Note, AGN Opens Wallet, TEVA's HALO Does An Encore Now's The Time: Mortgage Demand Surges Amid Low Interest Rates EWG Names Worst Sunscreen For Kids Gainers & Losers Of June 7: NH, CRUS, PTCT, ANAB, ACRX... ABM Industries Inc Reports 57% Rise In Q2 Earnings Brexit Bonanza? Europe's 10 Hottest Housing Markets Best Western Testing Voice Devices In Rooms Popeyes Has Cookie-Coated Chicken RealReal Scores $50 Mln In VC Financing Sears Closing Dozens More Stores Walmart's Giant Grocery Vending Machine BRAZIL: Former Minister Henrique Alves Arrested For Alleged Corruption <<Previous        53 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Best Western Testing Voice Devices In Rooms Amazon Plans New Fulfillment Center In Miami; To Create Over 1,000 Fulltime Jobs Amazon's New Fulfillment Center In Georgia To Create 1,000 Full-Time Jobs Amazon Opens Manhattan Showroom Amazon Gives Away 1.7 Mln Free Bananas Trade AMZN now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Tesla Motors, 19 Other Companies Join Fortune 500 For First Time Now's The Time: Mortgage Demand Surges Amid Low Interest Rates EWG Names Worst Sunscreen For Kids Best Western Testing Voice Devices In Rooms Popeyes Has Cookie-Coated Chicken RealReal Scores $50 Mln In VC Financing Sears Closing Dozens More Stores Walmart's Giant Grocery Vending Machine Lyft Signs Self-Driving Car Partnership With NuTonomy Uber Fires 20 After Harassment Probe Dish Network To Pay $280 Mln In Robocall Case Major Airline Ending Flights To Venezuela AMGN Finds New Use For Old Drug, NLNK Disappointed, ECYT Cuts Workforce Gainers & Losers Of June 5: LOXO, CLSN, RDUS, GLYC, JUNO... HD Supply Holdings Q1 Profit Up, Signs To Sell Waterworks Unit To Clayton Gainers & Losers Of June 6: VTL, EGLT, AMRI, AGLE, CRVS... Major Airline Ending Flights To Venezuela FDA Panel To Review PTCT's Translarna, CTIC Plunges On Offering, NNVC Abuzz The Next Generation May Never Learn To Drive Using N-Word, Flint Official Blames Water Crisis On Black People Toyota Drops Last Stake In Tesla Trump Proposes Privatization Of Air Traffic Control System Walmart's Giant Grocery Vending Machine KCG Holdings To Cut Jobs, Exit Asian And Australian Operations Trump Proposes Privatization Of Air Traffic Control System Puma Biotechnology Holding On To Strong Gain In Afternoon Trading MorphoSys Presents Data Of MOR208 In Combination With Lenalidomide Weyerhaeuser To Sell Timberlands & Manufacturing Unit In Uruguay For $402.5 Mln Changyou.com Increases Q2 Outlook - Quick Facts Security Firm Files Anti-Trust Case Against Microsoft In Europe Green Dot Moves Higher On Report Of Partnership With Apple Major Airline Ending Flights To Venezuela Pfizer Gets FDA Fast Track Designation For Tafamidis For TTR-CM Novartis' Tasigna Gets EU Approval For Inclusion Of TFR Data In Product Label EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. Q3 Earnings Report Apple Unveils New IMac Pro Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine to start, then a few afternoon clouds. High 84F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 61F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 8, 2017 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Tuesday, May 30, 2017, file photo, the Amazon logo is displayed at the Nasdaq MarketSite, in New York's Times Square.  (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Are you on government assistance? You can get a discount on Amazon Prime. By Anne D'Innocenzio • AP Retail Writer Jun 6, 2017 (…) In this Tuesday, May 30, 2017, file photo, the Amazon logo is displayed at the Nasdaq MarketSite, in New York's Times Square.  (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) The Associated Press Updated at 12:50 p.m. NEW YORK • Amazon is making a play for low-income shoppers. The online leader is offering a discount on its pay-by-month Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The move, announced Tuesday, is seen by some analysts as an attempt to go after rival Walmart's lower-income shoppers. The world's largest retailer has revamped its shipping program and improved other services to drive online sales growth as it tries to narrow the gap with Amazon. People who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month for the Amazon Prime benefits like free shipping and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows. The typical Prime membership is $99 a year, but those who cannot afford to pay up front also have a $10.99-a-month option. Amazon designed this option to make its "selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime," Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. Walmart has gained momentum in its online business, seeing its e-commerce sales soar 63 percent in its first quarter, up from a 29 percent increase the previous period. It now offers free-two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a purchase of $35. Online shoppers who collect their purchases at a store get extra discounts. And Walmart has dramatically expanded its online offerings — though it's still far behind the hundreds of millions of products at Amazon.com. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Amazon's aim with the latest move is two-pronged, says Ken Perkins, president of research firm RetailMetrics. "It is part of Amazon's overarching goal to inexorably move into every corner of retail," he said. "Secondly, it is a direct move to pull consumers away from its chief retail rival Walmart, which has been far more aggressive competing with Amazon on price, offerings, delivery and building out its formidable e-commerce operations." Internet consultant Sucharita Mulpuru-Kodali says Amazon's move "seems inevitable" because it's saturated a good part of the affluent and middle-class sector — but describes it as a "head scratcher." "These consumers have always indexed lower in online transactions, and their living circumstances are often not well-suited to package delivery, and many of these consumers don't have vehicles to drive to a location pick up packages," she wrote in an email. "Of the long list of business that Amazon could target, this doesn't seem like the biggest one." Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Tuesday, May 30, 2017, file photo, the Amazon logo is displayed at the Nasdaq MarketSite, in New York's Times Square.  (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) The Associated Press Tags Business General News Lifestyle Technology Government And Politics Retail E-commerce Sales Retail Sales Retail And Wholesale Sector Performance Economy Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Amazon Commerce Economics Shipping View (…) comments Most popular Musician traveling to Missouri refuses to check her 17th-century violin. A 'wrestling match' ensued. Sears to close an additional 72 stores — none in Missouri or Illinois Why did Chesterfield back out of sports complex deal? Dan Buck blames Jane Cunningham St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Trump's immigration stance unnerves Indian tech students Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Deb's Retail Details Latest in section No pilot? No problem. Airport commission delays action on proposed pick-up fees for ride-hailing companies Peabody falls, Olin climbs and St. Louis still has 9 Fortune 500 companies Banks lead U.S. stocks slightly higher; oil slumps Proposals emerge to bring in more tax revenue for St. Louis police Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Share your favorite motorcycle route. You could win a $100 gift card from Doc’s Harley-Davidson.® Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search America’s CEOs more confident with bets on Trump’s tax reform ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More America’s CEOs more confident with bets on Trump’s tax reform By Suzanne O'Halloran Published June 06, 2017 Business Leaders FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Print (Copyright: AP) Days after President Trump took a beating from business leaders over the decision to exit the Paris climate accord, some of those same CEOs are optimistic the president's pro-growth policies on cutting taxes and layers of regulation will pay off for the U.S. economy.  Continue Reading Below CEO confidence is the best it’s been in three-years, as tracked by the Business Roundtable CEO Economic Outlook Index for the 2Q, which compiles projections over the next six months. The index rose to 93.9 up from 93.3 in the first quarter. Executives plan to boost capital spending, and expect sales to rise. While plans to hire saw a slight pullback from the 1Q, the group described the dip as “modest”. This is the second survey since President Trump took office. “We remain optimistic that tax reform is achievable” said JPMorgan Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon (JPM) and Chairman of the Business Roundtable in discussing the survey. Delaying tax reform, he warned, will likely mean CEOs will pull back on capital spending, which drives hiring. More From FOXBusiness.com... U.S. small businesses to lobby Congress to oppose border tax Sen. Ted Cruz: Trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for Democrats and Republicans Last week, Dimon joined other roundtable members General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt (GE), and Walmart CEO Doug McMillon (WMT), in publically expressing disappointment over the Paris climate decision. Disney CEO Bob Iger (DIS) and Tesla CEO Elon Musk (TSLA), non-members, announced they would defect from the President’s advisory councils after the decision.  Even though Trump’s plans to cut taxes and regulatory red tape by watering down bills including Dodd-Frank remain fluid, the administration is staying on message.     “We’re focused on economic growth, this is about creating jobs, this is about creating economic growth, we’re focused on a middle income tax cut, we’re focused on simplifying taxes and we’re focused on making sure that business taxes are competitive again” said U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin during an interview with FOX Business’ Lou Dobbs last Friday.   Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT CEOs want a “substantially lower corporate tax rate and importantly a shift to a territorial system of taxation,” said Joshua Bolten, Business Roundtable President and CEO, which he said would drive hiring.  Despite ongoing optimism from his cabinet members, CEOs see the economy growing just 2% this year, according to the survey. The latest snapshot of how CEOs feel comes as President Trump kicked-off "infrastructure week," in which he is spreading his message to improve the nation’s airports, roads and bridges. Monday he pledged to overhaul air traffic control with a plan to privatize the system. "The previous administration spent over $7 billion trying to upgrade the system and totally failed.  Honestly, they didn't know what the hell they were doing, a total waste of money, $7 billion plus. It’s time to join the future,” he said during a speech at the White House. Wednesday he is expected to speak along the Ohio River in a push to improve the nation’s inland waterways and dams. Suzanne O’Halloran is Managing Editor of FOXBusiness.com and a graduate of Boston College. Follow her on @suzohalloran Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
View All MailComposeAOL Mail Menu Visit Amazon Visit Amazon Visit Ebay Visit Ebay Sign up Options Account Info Home News Sport Money Entertainment Living Travel Cars Games Weather Change Location| Read Mail Horoscopes Games AOL Favourites UK Politics World Featured HuffPost General Election 2017 Football F1 Cricket Rugby Union Other Sports News Property Mortgages House Prices Home Insurance Retirement Pensions Banking & Savings Savings & ISAs Credit Cards Loans Current Accounts Compare Credit Check Money Saving Tips Bills Debt Shopping & Deals Deals Travel & Work Holidays Motoring Career Commuting Consumer Rights Investing Stock Quotes Guides Compare Finance Products Celebrity TV Film Music Fun & Viral Huffington Post Health Food Animals & Pets Relationships Horoscopes Huffington Post Holiday Ideas Travel guides Inspire & entertain me Travel News UK Travel World Travel Win Australia News Reviews Green Features Car Photos Arcade Card Strategy Word Quizzes All Games Games Help AOL App Favourites Browser Upgrade AOL Desktop Free eMail My Account Safety & Security Toolbar PC Checkup Home Three top small-caps for bumper dividends By The Motley Fool  6 Jun 2017, 16:24 Updated: 6 Jun 2017, 16:31 - Small-cap Somero(LSE: SOM) offers a 7.1% yield this year, courtesy of a special dividend. Its concrete-laying machines create the best surfaces in the business. This exceptional quality has attracted a star-studded client list, including Walmart and Tesco, who include Somero products in planning specs to ensure the floors in warehouses are flat and strong. The boom in North American construction and online retail over the last five years or so has propelled operating profit from $1.4m in 2012 to $21.2m in the same period. Shares in the company dipped slightly earlier this week after the company reported a flat Q1 in North America. This market is all-important to the company and accounted for 71% of its revenues last year, but the sector looks healthy enough. Somero trades on a PE of 15 and yields over 7% this year, returning to a more manageable 4% next year. With a $12.7m warchest and a base dividend covered four times by last year's free cash flow, Somero surely looks attractive to income investors. Cash-flow-positive in crisis Embattled trade show operator ITE Group(LSE: ITE) yields 2.9%. The company primarily specialises in oil trade shows in Russia and surrounding countries. The shares have slipped 32% in three years as the deteriorating oil price and a weak ruble put pressure on events in its major markets. However, the trade show business has wonderful economics that have allowed ITE to not only maintain a dividend, but remain cash-flow-positive in a time of crisis. Because the company tends to operate the number one or two shows in a given industry, a certain level of attendance is all but assured.  The big players simply must attend these events and usually book months in advance, allowing ITE to negotiate on all manner of costs including floor space booked for the event ahead of time. The company has diversified away from oil in recent years but new CEO Mark Shashoua has put the brakes on any further deals for the time being to allow the balance sheet to strengthen. If conditions improve, cash-flow could explode. The dividend would likely follow. If it recovered to its past high of 7.4p, investors buying-in today could receive a double-digit yield. Heavy Investment About To Pay Off? Devro(LSE:DVO) manufactures sausage casings and the demand for this cheap source of protein is growing globally. Traditionally, casings are made from pig or sheep intestines, but this method can't keep up with rampaging demand. Collagen, a far more readily available product, is a great replacement and is easy for manufacturers to work with.  The company has struggled in recent years, but new factories in China and the US are operational and have significantly increased capacity. Trading at 14.5 times operating cash flow - and pumping most of the cash generated back into capital expenditure - the shares don't look incredibly cheap. However,  the story at Devro is more future-focused. The company has invested millions in recent years resulting in significant cost cuts and increased capacity. Coupled with surging demand from China, I believe Devro's 4.0% yield could grow 50% by 2019.  If you're interested in another small-cap income stock, our top analyst has been investigating a small yet efficient operation with a £68m market cap, trading on a PE of 7.5, paying a dividend covered five times by free-cash-flow. The yield is only 1.5%, but the business has roaring momentum and plenty of room for the income to grow. Click here for the free report.  Zach Coffell owns shares in ITE Group and Somero Enterprises, Inc. The Motley Fool UK owns shares of and has recommended Devro. The Motley Fool UK has recommended ITE Group and Somero Enterprises, Inc. Views expressed on the companies mentioned in this article are those of the writer and therefore may differ from the official recommendations we make in our subscription services such as Share Advisor, Hidden Winners and Pro. Here at The Motley Fool we believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Suggest a correction Let us send you our Newsletter Our editors will email you a roundup of their favourite stories from across AOL Sign up using your AOL email or use different address FOLLOW US RECOMMENDED EBAY PRODUCTS (20) Explore Today's Featured Collections SHOP NOW Giant Family Tree Wall Sticker Vinyl Art Home... Giant Family Tree Wall Sticker... £16.78 Bath Mat Bathroom Rug 100% Cotton Soft Toilet... Bath Mat Bathroom Rug 100% Cotton... £4.99 LUXURY 6 PIECE TOWEL BALE SET 100% PURE... LUXURY 6 PIECE TOWEL BALE SET 100%... £10.99 Plain Dyed Percale Duvet Quilt Cover Bedding... Plain Dyed Percale Duvet Quilt... £10.99 Terry Waterproof Mattress Protector Cover... Terry Waterproof Mattress... £0.99 Luxury DOUBLE All Seasons Goose Feather &... Luxury DOUBLE All Seasons Goose... £44.99 NEW Emoji Cushion Pillow Emotion Yellow Round... NEW Emoji Cushion Pillow Emotion... £0.99 Single Bed Luxury Goose Feather & Down... Single Bed Luxury Goose Feather... £19.99 100% EGYPTIAN COTTON SATEEN 300TC WHITE SATIN... 100% EGYPTIAN COTTON SATEEN 300TC... £13.99 Grey Slate All Sizes Pencil Pleat Grey Slate All Sizes Pencil Pleat... £15.99 Perfect Fit Luxury All Seasons 100% DUCK... Perfect Fit Luxury All Seasons... £37.99 NEW THICK RICH SHAGGY RUGS LARGE SOFT RUG MATS... NEW THICK RICH SHAGGY RUGS LARGE... £21.50 LUXURY 10 PIECE TOWEL BALE SET 100% EGYPTIAN... LUXURY 10 PIECE TOWEL BALE SET... £13.95 Beautiful Birds Blue Black Duvet Quilt Cover... Beautiful Birds Blue Black Duvet... £9.99 3D Duvet Quilt Cover Bedding Set Panel Print... 3D Duvet Quilt Cover Bedding Set... £11.99 Wall Decor Decal Sticker Removable tree... Wall Decor Decal Sticker Removable... £7.45 Buddha Design Photo Print Duvet / Quilt Cover... Buddha Design Photo Print Duvet /... £12.49 100% LUXURY HOTEL QUALITY COTTON SATIN STRIPE... 100% LUXURY HOTEL QUALITY COTTON... £15.49 New York City Taxi Scene Printed Duvet Quilt... New York City Taxi Scene Printed... £9.99 100% EGYPTIAN COTTON SATEEN 300TC WHITE SATIN... 100% EGYPTIAN COTTON SATEEN 300TC... £13.49 Tags: Dividends, Income, Investing Articles, Small-Cap - SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENT More from the web Most WatchedBy Gravity You might also like... Conversation ( ) Login Search Markets Europe US Global Currencies CAC 40 5,255.60 -9.93 -0.19% DAX 12,707.28 +34.79 +0.27% NASDAQ 6,297.3799 +22.3219 +0.36% DJI 21,173.69 +37.46 +0.18% DOW 63.98 +0.25 +0.39% S&P 500 2,433.14 +3.81 +0.16% NIKKEI 225 19,909.26 -75.36 -0.38% Hang Seng 26,063.06 +88.90 +0.34% GBP (PER EUR) 1.1513 -0.0002 -0.02% GBP (PER USD) 1.2916 -0.0044 -0.34% GBP (PER JPY) 142.165 -0.2575 -0.18% GBP (PER CHF) 1.2494 -0.0009 -0.07% Get Quote Read More Competitions Free brochures Editor's picks Asda stop selling loose fruit and veg Most valuable £2 coins ranked Supermarket of the year announced Issues with £1 coins revealed Currency Converter Albanian Lek Algerian Dinar Argentine Peso Australian Dollar Azerbaijani Manat Bahamian Dollar Baharaini Dinar Bangladeshi Taka Barbadian Dollar Belarusian Ruble Belize Dollar Bermudian Dollar Bitcoin Bolivian Boliviano Bosnian Convertible Marka Botswana Pula Brazilian Real Brunei Dollar Bulgarian Lev Burundian Franc Cambodian Riel Canadian Dollar Cape Verdean Escudo Cayman Islands Dollar Central African CFA Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colón Croatian Kuna Cuban Peso Czech Koruna Danish Krone Djiboutian Franc Dominican Peso East Caribbean Dollar Egyptian Pound Emirati Dirham Ethiopian Birr Euro Fijian Dollar French Pacific Franc Georgian Lari Ghana Cedi Guatemalan Quetzal Guinean Franc Haitian Gourde Honduran Lempira Hong Kong Dollar Hungarian Forint Icelandic Krona Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Iraqi Dinar Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen Jordanian Dinar Kazakhstani Tenge Kenyan Shilling Kuwaiti Dinar Lao Kip Latvian Lats Lebanese Pound Lesotho Loti Libyan Dinar Lithuanian Litas Macanese Pataca Macedonian Denar Malagasy Ariary Malawian Kwacha Malaysian Ringgit Mauritanian Ouguiya Mauritian Rupee Mexican Peso Moldovan Leu Moroccan Dirham Mozambican Metical Mynamar Kyat Namibian Dollar Nepalese Rupee New Israeli Sheqel New Zealand Dollar Nicaraguan Córdoba Nigerian Naira Norwegian Krone Omani Rial Pakistan Rupee Panamanian Balboa Papua New Guinean Kina Paraguayan Guaraní Peruvian Nuevo Sol Polish Zloty Pound Sterling Qatari Rial Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Rwandan Franc Sao Tomean Dobra Saudi Riyal Serbian Dinar Seychellois Rupee Singapore Dollar Slovak Koruna South African Rand South Korean Won Sri Lankan Rupee Sudanese Pound Swazi Lilangeni Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Taiwan Dollar Tanzanian Shilling Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollar Tunisian Dinar Turkish Lira Ugandan Shilling Ukrainian Hryvnia Uruguayan Peso US Dollar Uzbekistani Som Venezuelan Bolívar Vietnamese Dong West African CFA Franc Albanian Lek Algerian Dinar Argentine Peso Australian Dollar Azerbaijani Manat Bahamian Dollar Baharaini Dinar Bangladeshi Taka Barbadian Dollar Belarusian Ruble Belize Dollar Bermudian Dollar Bitcoin Bolivian Boliviano Bosnian Convertible Marka Botswana Pula Brazilian Real Brunei Dollar Bulgarian Lev Burundian Franc Cambodian Riel Canadian Dollar Cape Verdean Escudo Cayman Islands Dollar Central African CFA Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colón Croatian Kuna Cuban Peso Czech Koruna Danish Krone Djiboutian Franc Dominican Peso East Caribbean Dollar Egyptian Pound Emirati Dirham Ethiopian Birr Euro Fijian Dollar French Pacific Franc Georgian Lari Ghana Cedi Guatemalan Quetzal Guinean Franc Haitian Gourde Honduran Lempira Hong Kong Dollar Hungarian Forint Icelandic Krona Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Iraqi Dinar Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen Jordanian Dinar Kazakhstani Tenge Kenyan Shilling Kuwaiti Dinar Lao Kip Latvian Lats Lebanese Pound Lesotho Loti Libyan Dinar Lithuanian Litas Macanese Pataca Macedonian Denar Malagasy Ariary Malawian Kwacha Malaysian Ringgit Mauritanian Ouguiya Mauritian Rupee Mexican Peso Moldovan Leu Moroccan Dirham Mozambican Metical Mynamar Kyat Namibian Dollar Nepalese Rupee New Israeli Sheqel New Zealand Dollar Nicaraguan Córdoba Nigerian Naira Norwegian Krone Omani Rial Pakistan Rupee Panamanian Balboa Papua New Guinean Kina Paraguayan Guaraní Peruvian Nuevo Sol Polish Zloty Pound Sterling Qatari Rial Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Rwandan Franc Sao Tomean Dobra Saudi Riyal Serbian Dinar Seychellois Rupee Singapore Dollar Slovak Koruna South African Rand South Korean Won Sri Lankan Rupee Sudanese Pound Swazi Lilangeni Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Taiwan Dollar Tanzanian Shilling Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollar Tunisian Dinar Turkish Lira Ugandan Shilling Ukrainian Hryvnia Uruguayan Peso US Dollar Uzbekistani Som Venezuelan Bolívar Vietnamese Dong West African CFA Franc Go powered by AOL Search Let us send you our Newsletter Our editors will email you a roundup of their favourite stories from across AOL Sign up using your AOL email or use different address FOLLOW US Most Popular on AOL AOLMoney AOL Newsletter. Roundups of the best across AOL, hand picked by our editors and delivered to your inbox. Sign up using your AOL email Use different address About AOL Contact AOL UK Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Feedback Advertising Contact Help RSS AOL App About Our Ads Follow AOL: © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate In this May 30, 2017 photo, the Amazon logo is displayed at the Nasdaq MarketSite, in New York’s Times Square. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Amazon offers Prime discount to those on government benefits Tue Jun 6th, 2017 8:43am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Anne D’Innocenzio / Associated Press NEW YORK — Amazon is making a play for low-income shoppers. The online leader is offering a discount on its pay-by-month Prime membership for people who receive government assistance. The move, announced Tuesday, is seen by some analysts as an attempt to go after rival Walmart’s lower-income shoppers. The world’s largest retailer has revamped its shipping program and improved other services to drive online sales growth as it tries to narrow the gap with Amazon. People who have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer card, used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs, or food stamps, will pay $5.99 per month for the Amazon Prime benefits like free shipping and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows. The typical Prime membership is $99 a year, but those who cannot afford to pay up front also have a $10.99-a-month option. Amazon designed this option to make its “selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime,” Greg Greeley, vice president of Amazon Prime, said in a statement. Walmart has gained momentum in its online business, seeing its e-commerce sales soar 63 percent in its first quarter, up from a 29 percent increase the previous period. It now offers free-two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a purchase of $35. Online shoppers who collect their purchases at a store get extra discounts. And Walmart has dramatically expanded its online offerings — though it’s still far behind the hundreds of millions of products at Amazon.com. Amazon’s aim with the latest move is two-pronged, says Ken Perkins, president of research firm RetailMetrics. “It is part of Amazon’s overarching goal to inexorably move into every corner of retail,” he said. “Secondly, it is a direct move to pull consumers away from its chief retail rival Walmart, which has been far more aggressive competing with Amazon on price, offerings, delivery and building out its formidable e-commerce operations.”   Most Read Appointed county councilman’s youth, connections criticized MARYSVILLE — Nate Nehring’s youth and political ties were objects of curiosity… Jun 7th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Vote here for the high school athletes of the year Here are the seniors nominated for Boys Athlete of the Year and… Jun 8th, 2017 by Herald Staff Ribbon-cutting ceremony set for WSU building in north Everett EVERETT — An open house is planned for Aug. 15 for the… Jun 7th, 2017 by Jim Davis Woman uses app to track man suspected of stealing from her LAKE STEVENS — A 26-year-old woman discovered her Jeep had been broken… Jun 7th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins DUI suspected in Lake Stevens head-on collision; 2 injured LAKE STEVENS — Deputies with the Snohomish County Sheriff’s Office investigated an… Jun 7th, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Billboard Subscribe Subscribe now Newsletter Sign Up Charts Songs of the Summer Hot 100 Billboard 200 Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Latin Dance/Electronic Country Rock Trending 140 Emerging Artists Spotify + Web Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Sports International News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Dance Style Country Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Pret-a-Reporter Video Photos Business More Charts News Video Photos Business Hot 100 Billboard 200 Hot 100 Fest Festivals Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Artists CMT Awards CMT Music Awards 2017: All the Performances Ranked From Worst to Best CMT Music Awards: Keith Urban & Carrie Underwood Steal the Show While Lauren Alaina Steals Hearts Miranda Lambert Rocks Her 'Pink Sunglasses' at 2017 CMT Music Awards: Watch 2017 CMT Music Awards Photos: Red Carpet, Backstage & More! New Edition and Chance the Rapper to be Honored at BET Awards 6/6/2017 by Gail Mitchell FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Scott Legato/Getty Images New Edition performs at Joe Louis Arena during the Holiday Jam on Dec. 12, 2015 in Detroit, Michigan.  New Edition and Chance the Rapper will share the special honors spotlight at the upcoming BET Awards. BET will present this year’s Lifetime Achievement Award to pioneering R&B group New Edition while Chance the Rapper will receive the network’s Humanitarian Award presented by Walmart. New Edition members Bobby Brown, Michael Bivins, Ralph Tresvant, Ronnie DeVoe, Ricky Bell and Johnny Gill are coming off the ratings success of the group’s self-titled biopic. The three-part miniseries, broadcast in January, was BET’s first scripted music-focused program. The group is best known for such hits as "Candy Girl," "Cool It Now" and "Mr. Telephone Man." Chance the Rapper, who headlined the Governors Ball in New York on June 2, made news this year when he pledged to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools to help offset the lack of government funding. The social activist also won three Grammy Awards in February including best new artist and best rap album for Coloring Book. The 2017 BET Awards, hosted by Leslie Jones, will feature performances by Bruno Mars, Future, Migos, Trey Songz and Tamar Braxton. Now in its 17th year, the awards ceremony will air live on June 25 at 8 p.m. ET from the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles on BET. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS BJD MP Tathagata Satpathy's reference to colleague as "chor" ruffles feathers A cut in rate does not mean more growth, says former RBI Governor Y V Reddy Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 08 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,213-57.92 NIFTY 50 9,647-16.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,225-215.00 USD/INR 64.21-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Amazon offers Prime discount for US customers on govt aid By Reuters | Updated: Jun 06, 2017, 08.42 PM IST Post a Comment Amazon said it would offer the $10.99-per-month or $99-per-year Prime service for $5.99 per month to those with US govt aid. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday it would offer a discount on its popular Prime subscription service for shoppers who receive U.S. government aid, taking aim at a key customer base for rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Amazon said it would offer the $10.99-per-month or $99-per-year Prime service -- which includes fast shipping as well as streaming of movies and TV shows -- for $5.99 per month to those receiving government assistance including welfare and food stamps. The online retailer's move directly challenges Wal-Mart -- the biggest beneficiary of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) -- where at least one in five customers pay by food stamps. Prime subscriptions have been key to Amazon's retail growth strategy, as the service encourages shoppers to buy more goods, more often. Customers with valid Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) cards receiving aid from programs including SNAP and the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program will qualify for the discount, Amazon said. Comments(0)Add Comments Amazon offers Prime discount for US customers on govt aid To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Amazon signs up Excel Entertainment to ensure enough takers for Prime service in India READ MORE ONus govttemporary assistance for needy familiessnapPrime servicediscountAmazon Prime Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! MilaapMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES ITBP may replace Assam Rifles on Myanmar border Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION Top 55+ Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Clifton :  Take $20 Off Your Broken Windshield Replacement Safelite 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength "Frexit" is a scenario, but probability is not high Construction firms to get a fillip from arbitration gains Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Isro: How calculated risks have translated into more frequent and sophisticated launches How Saudi Arabia and allies strong-armed Qatar, blindsided US How this monetary policy brought simmering tension between RBI, government to the fore Indian Army prepared for a two and a half front war: Army Chief Bipin Rawat Yogi Adityanath goes the extra mile to woo India Inc More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 10 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mom charged after boy’s teeth pulled in Walmart Authorities say a Utah woman pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom Post to Facebook Mom charged after boy’s teeth pulled in Walmart Authorities say a Utah woman pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rQfZGj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Mom charged after boy’s teeth pulled in Walmart Associated Press 10:38 a.m. ET June 6, 2017 10 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Salt Lake City — Authorities say a Utah woman pulled two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart restroom. Prosecutors said Monday that the 47-year-old woman bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son’s teeth. Police in American Fork, Utah, say the boy’s older brother heard the child screaming and got him out of the restroom on April 2. Charging documents say the boy told his brother that one of the teeth was loose, but the other was only slightly loose. Prosecutors say the woman didn’t use any kind of anesthetic. The woman was charged with felony child abuse. No attorney was immediately listed for her in court records. The Associated Press is not naming her to avoid identifying the child. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rQfZGj TOP VIDEOS Surveillance video and 911 audio of shooting of an off-duty Detroit police officer 0:16 Feds bag a witness in Macomb bribery scandal 1:22 100th anniversary of Salvation Army Donut Girls 2:06 Impressions of Thursday's Mackinac Policy Conference 7:53 U.S. labor secretary visits with Detroit workers 1:15 Water main break in Westland 0:25 Officer Rose's death inspires Thin Blue Line USA fundraisers 3:51 Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Artist Louise "Ouizi" Jones 3:25 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon is going after Walmart with cheaper Prime rates for some shoppers Mary Hanbury Jun. 6, 2017, 10:12 AM 3,706 facebook linkedin twitter email print Amazon Amazon is going after Walmart in a war to win over low-income shoppers. On Tuesday, the online behemoth announced that it is now offering reduced Prime membership rates for American shoppers who are on government assistance. A Prime membership costs $99 a year or $10.99 a month. But now, customers who have an Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) card will qualify for a reduced $5.99 monthly membership, which grants them unlimited free two-day shipping and access to Prime Video, Music, Reading, and Photos. This discounted rate will be available to nearly 20% of the US population, according to Morningstar.  "We designed this membership option for customers receiving government assistance to make our everyday selection and savings more accessible," Greg Greeley, Amazon's vice president of Prime, said in a statement.  Amazon is looking to poach customers from competitors like Walmart and Costco. Nearly $1 out of every $5 spent using the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, better known as SNAP, was spent at Walmart last year, according to Morningstar.  Prime memberships are poised to outnumber Costco memberships soon.   Business Insider reported earlier this year that there are now roughly 80 million Amazon Prime members in the US, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners estimates. This is up from 58 million members from the same period last year; a 37.9% increase overall.  Meanwhile, Costco reported in March that it had 88.1 million total card holding members. The company raised its annual membership fee to $60, from $55, on June 1.  According to a note published by Cowen & Co. last September, the percentage of US households that only pay for Prime membership has more than doubled over the past four years, from 7.1% in 2013 to 16.2% in 2016. In that same period, the percentage of households that only have a Costco membership has shrunk from 14.9% to 9.8%. NOW WATCH: 7 colors that might get you sued Loading video... More: Retail Amazon Amazon Prime Costco Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon is going after Walmart with cheaper Prime rates for some shoppers Amazon is going after Walmart with cheaper Prime rates for some shoppers Amazon is going after Walmart in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Lidl unveils a fashion deal with Heidi Klum as German grocer preps for US expansion Klum's collection of clothes, designed exclusively for Lidl, will be available at the chain's U.S. stores, which are set to begin opening this month, the company said. In the grocery aisles, Lidl is already celebrated in Germany for its competitively low prices. It currently operates 10,000 stores across 27 European countries. Now the chain appears to be making forays into a space that big-box players such as Wal-Mart and Target are still trying to master — selling customers a little bit of everything. Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 10:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Ray Tamarra | Getty Images Model and television personality Heidi Klum. Lidl hasn't even opened its doors yet in the U.S., and the German grocery chain is already proving how it will pose a threat to many established retailers — including those outside of the supermarket space. On Monday, Lidl announced a fashion collaboration with celebrity designer Heidi Klum. You read that correctly — fashion collaboration. Klum's collection of clothes, designed exclusively for Lidl, will be available at the chain's U.S. stores, which are set to begin opening this month, the company said. The collection will provide "high-end, yet affordable fashion," which will be "accessible for everyone," the company explained. In the grocery aisles, Lidl is already celebrated in Germany for its competitively low prices. Now the chain appears to be making forays into a space that big-box players such as Wal-Mart and Target are still trying to master — selling customers a little bit of everything. It's starting with clothes and groceries. "Lidl is known for making quality products at affordable prices and I'm proud to partner with them on this fashion collaboration," Klum said in a statement. "I had so much fun designing the pieces in this collection and can't wait for you to see it." "It's a smart move by Lidl," said Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData. "It raises the profile of the chain, especially for non-food and fashion. It also underpins Lidl's value position, which is focused on quality products at low prices. This is especially helpful in the U.S. at a time when Lidl is early in its development." Lidl also said Monday it will hold "Lidl Fashion Weeks" in its stores throughout the year to feature its exclusive fashion collections. Saunders said the moves are "a continuation of the trend of fashion becoming more democratic and accessible. The lines between the traditional luxury and premium segments are becoming increasingly blurred." Lidl's first U.S. stores will open June 15, across North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. The chain has said it will add another 80 stores along the East Coast by the middle of 2018. Lidl currently operates 10,000 stores across 27 European countries. Its U.S. headquarters are in Arlington, Virginia. Lidl boasts that 90 percent of the products sold in its stores will be private-label brands, and its locations will have bakeries at the entrances. Thus far, Lidl has been compared most closely — as Americans try to understand the business better — with discount grocer Aldi, which is also based in Germany. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change TGT --- WMT ---
Top Local Stories 'White Boy' Rick Wershe's parole board hearing is today News LIVE UPDATES: James Comey testifies before Senate Intelligence Committee National 21-year-old man shot by intruder at home on Euclid Street in St. Clair Shores News LIVE UPDATES: 'White Boy' Rick Wershe parole hearing News James Comey testimony: Trump asked me to let Flynn investigation go Politics Man acquitted in Michigan trooper's wrongful death stuck with $26K tow bill News READ: James Comey's prepared testimony ahead of Senate hearing National Man shot, killed outside Ypsilanti apartment complex News Mostly sunny, warm Thursday with hotter weather on the way Weather News Mom charged after boy's teeth pulled in Walmart restroom By Associated Press Posted: 10:30 AM, June 06, 2017 Updated: 10:30 AM, June 06, 2017 AMERICAN FORK, Utah. - Authorities say a Utah woman pulled two of her son's teeth in a Walmart restroom. Prosecutors said Monday that the 47-year-old woman bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son's teeth. Police in American Fork, Utah, say the boy's older brother heard the child screaming and got him out of the restroom on April 2. Charging documents say the boy told his brother that one of the teeth was loose, but the other was only slightly loose. Prosecutors say the woman didn't use any kind of anesthetic. The woman was charged with felony child abuse. No attorney was immediately listed for her in court records. The Associated Press is not naming her to avoid identifying the child. Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. Top Stories 'White Boy' Rick Wershe's parole board hearing is today LIVE UPDATES: James Comey testifies before Senate Intelligence Committee 21-year-old man shot by intruder at home on Euclid Street in St. Clair Shores LIVE UPDATES: 'White Boy' Rick Wershe parole hearing James Comey testimony: Trump asked me to let Flynn investigation go Latest Videos 7 easy ways to increase productivity in the workplace 21-year-old man shot by intruder at home on Euclid Street in St. Clair Shores Man shot, killed outside Ypsilanti apartment complex Michigan House passes bills on concealed pistol licenses U.S. and World News Wall Street nervously watching Comey hearing SpaceX wins contract to launch secret Air Force space plane LIVE STREAMING: James Comey testimony on Trump-Russia before Senate Intel Meet NASA's newest Astronaut recruits LIVE NBC COVERAGE: Former FBI Director James Comey testifies before Senate Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Blogs Thursday, June 8, 2017 Search for: News Sports Arts Opinion Blogs Multimedia Weekender Featured Eating Berkeley Tuesday, June 6, 2017 DIY garlic fries Nichole Bloom/Blog Staff By Pooja Bale | StaffLast Updated 2 days Ago Tweet Comment0 What if we told you that you don’t need to go all the way to Gilroy (home of the Gilroy Garlic Festival) to enjoy some drool-worthy garlic fries? With just a few ingredients even college students can afford, this tried-and-true recipe can make all your garlic fry dreams a reality.  Serves 2-3 Ingredients ¼ bag frozen french fries 4-7 cloves of garlic 1 ½ cups shredded mozzarella cheese (or cheese of your choice) Salt and pepper The first thing to do is spread the fries on a foil- or parchment-paper-covered baking sheet. We recommend parchment paper because the fries won’t stick to it and will easily slide off onto a plate and into your awaiting mouth. Make sure the fries don’t overlap, or the ones on top will be cooked while the ones on the bottom will not be. I usually use Walmart-brand seasoned fries but you can use Safeway’s Signature Kitchen Classic Cut French Fries as the next-cheapest alternative. Crush four to seven cloves of garlic and mince as fine as possible. You can add more or less garlic depending on preference, but seven is the sweet spot. Spread the garlic on top of the fries evenly, making sure there aren’t any clumps with too many garlic pieces. Season the fries with salt and pepper to taste. Bake for 25 minutes at 400 degrees Fahrenheit. This setting works for both traditional convection ovens and toaster ovens. After the 25 minutes, sprinkle the cheese on top and bake for another five minutes at the same temperature. You can increase or decrease the time the cheese bakes depending on how crispy you like the cheese, but make sure the fries cook for a total of 30 minutes. No one likes soggy or burnt fries! Alterations If you don’t have an oven, you can cook the fries on a stove-top or hot plate in 1-3 tablespoons of oil until they become crispy, then sprinkle the cheese on top and cover with a lid until the cheese is the consistency you desire. You can also drizzle some oil on top of the fries and microwave on a plate for 3-4 minutes and then for another minute after you add on the cheese. They won’t be crispy, but they’ll still be delicious. Contact Pooja Bale at [email protected] . Please keep our community civil. Comments should remain on topic and be respectful. Read our full comment policy #justberkeleythings, berkeley, cheap food, cheese, fries, garlic, garlic fries, Gilroy, Safeway, UC Berkeley, walmart, yum Related Blogs Crispy corned beef hash Mushroom and goat cheese farfalle La Bateau Ivre: As gourmet as it gets Most Recent Blogs With wide eyes Guide to Bay Area’s summer 2017 throwback rock concert scene Hometown shoutout: Anaheim Hills, CA Stupidity for dummies What the frick-frack is going on? About this blog The Eating Berkeley blog is your home for food in Berkeley and beyond. We'll tell you about which restaurants are worth your dollar, where the best quick lunch spots are, how to make easy recipes any college student can handle and let you know what's going on in the food world. Columns Cooking Drinks Food News From Our Table Quick Bites Restaurants The Daily Californian Most Popular Most Recent Crime & Courts 2-year-old allegedly fed meth in People’s Park Crime & Courts Woman pepper-sprayed at Yiannopoulos protest sues campus, regents for $23M Travel Hometown shoutout: Anaheim Hills, CA City State Senate passes bill extending last-call to 4 a.m. Campus No Cal sports cut yet, athletics task force says Campus Intercollegiate Athletics task force makes recommendations, doesn’t cut sports Columns Annalise: A Newport girl Concerts Christian Scott aTunde Adjuah stretches jazz, develops new musical discourse Film & Television ‘It Comes At Night’ is tension-filled, minimalist horror masterpiece Comedy Inaugural Clusterfest comedy festival comes to San Francisco Local Event Beyond the Book: Celebrating literary activism at Bay Area Book Festival State Mayor, campus chancellor, UC president join pledge to support Paris Agreement Advertising News ASUC Campus City Crime & Courts Obituary Research & Ideas 2017 ASUC elections UC Notes from the Field Sports Men’s Baseball Basketball Crew Cross Country Football Golf Gymnastics Rugby Soccer Swim Tennis Water Polo Women’s Basketball Crew Field Hockey Golf Gymnastics Lacrosse Softball Soccer Swim Tennis Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo A&E Columns Film & Television Literature Music Theater Visual Art Comedy Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Columns Editorial Cartoons The Soapbox Sex on Tuesday Multimedia Arts Graphics News Opinion Sports Featured Editor’s Picks Awards Special Issues The Weekender Gameday Best of Berkeley Daily Cal Archive Editors’ Blog Blogs The Daily Clog Eating Berkeley Travel A&E Bear Bytes Strikeout Photo tumblr Donate We're an independent, student-run newsroom. Make a donation to support our coverage. Copyright © 2017 The Daily Californian, The Independent Berkeley Student Publishing Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Use desktop site by default. Mobile site.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video US intelligence chiefs decline to discuss Trump contacts Santa Clara company's stolen goods lead straight to suspects, Suspect IDd in fatal East Bay stabbing stemming from brawl on bus Gas station clerk shot in San Leandro during holdup News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Ivanka Trump's brand distances itself from China shoemaker Multiple threats could lead to downfall of Brazil president The Latest: London attack venue slowly turns toward normal Congressional hearings have a high-stakes history Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Durant takes over Game 3 finale, makes shots that seal Cavs’ Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Giants waste Posey homer in rare Blach defeat Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Chariot expands in S.F. and eyes Seattle, London, Toronto SFO says it’s investigating claims airport workers were 5 big tech stocks build market euphoria, and jitters High, pizza; virtually better libraries; App Store ratings shift A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Band Aid’ an insightful comedy about a strained marriage The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Wendy Whelan truly a fascinating ‘Creature’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Oakland named a top city for vegans Bay Brews: AB InBev invests in RateBeer, Good Hop turns 3, and Blue Bottle to expand coffee empire on East Coast Peek behind the scenes of one of America's best beer fests, the Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Adorable Glen Park cottage with white picket fence asks $1.295 Midcentury home in Oakland country setting Custom mid-century in Atherton seems to float over redwood Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/medical/article/Mom-charged-after-boy-s-teeth-pulled-in-Wal-Mart-11199042.php Mom charged after boy's teeth pulled in Walmart restroom Updated 5:00 am, Thursday, June 8, 2017 Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP Image 1of/13 Caption Close Image 1 of 13 Prosecutors said Monday that the 47-year-old woman bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son's teeth. Prosecutors said Monday that the 47-year-old woman bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son's teeth. Photo: Jae C. Hong, AP Image 2 of 13 Image 3 of 13 Huge Wal-Mart is the world's largest retailer, clocking $469 billion in sales to date, with 2.2 million employees -- 1.3 million of them in the U.S. Huge Wal-Mart is the world's largest retailer, clocking $469 billion in sales to date, with 2.2 million employees -- 1.3 million of them in the U.S. Photo: Damian Dovarganes, STF Image 4 of 13 How it grew From Sam Walton's first store in Bentonville, Ark., opened in 1962, Walton and his brother, Bud, parlayed their success nationally and internationally. At the time of Sam's death in 1992, he had 1,960 stores. less How it grew From Sam Walton's first store in Bentonville, Ark., opened in 1962, Walton and his brother, Bud, parlayed their success nationally and internationally. At the time of Sam's death in 1992, he had ... more Photo: Betty Luman Image 5 of 13 All about the $$$ As of January 2016, the Walton family was worth about $150 billion, or as much as the bottom 42 percent of Americans. All about the $$$ As of January 2016, the Walton family was worth about $150 billion, or as much as the bottom 42 percent of Americans. Photo: baitoey - Fotolia Image 6 of 13 Ooof That's more than Bill Gates and Warren Buffett combined. Ooof That's more than Bill Gates and Warren Buffett combined. Photo: ERIC PIERMONT, Staff Image 7 of 13 How much again? The Waltons are the 0.000001 percent. Literally. How much again? The Waltons are the 0.000001 percent. Literally. Photo: Bebeto Matthews, STF Image 8 of 13 So big Sam Walton was the richest man in the world from 1982 to 1988, when the calculations spread the wealth to other family members. So big Sam Walton was the richest man in the world from 1982 to 1988, when the calculations spread the wealth to other family members. Photo: HO Image 9 of 13 Win-win The company is publicly traded, but the family still owns half the stock. Win-win The company is publicly traded, but the family still owns half the stock. Photo: Richard Drew, STF Image 10 of 13 Jade Helm! In 2015, the closing of some Wal-Mart stores fueled suspicion that they were somehow part of the Jade Helm conspiracy to take over the ... or let the Chinese take over the ... it's hard to remember. Jade Helm! In 2015, the closing of some Wal-Mart stores fueled suspicion that they were somehow part of the Jade Helm conspiracy to take over the ... or let the Chinese take over the ... it's hard to remember. Photo: Jay Janner, MBO Image 11 of 13 What employees make As of 2013, store employees make a minimum of $9 an hour, the average full-time hourly wage in retail is $17.77 (Bureau of Labor Statistics) What employees make As of 2013, store employees make a minimum of $9 an hour, the average full-time hourly wage in retail is $17.77 (Bureau of Labor Statistics) Photo: Sarah Bentham, FRE Image 12 of 13 Across town ... The starting pay at rival Costco was $13.00 an hour (Bloomberg) Across town ... The starting pay at rival Costco was $13.00 an hour (Bloomberg) Photo: Rick Bowmer, STF Image 13 of 13 Mom charged after boy's teeth pulled in Walmart restroom 1 / 13 Back to Gallery SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Authorities say a Utah woman pulled two of her son's teeth in a Walmart restroom. Prosecutors said Monday that the 47-year-old woman bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son's teeth. Police in American Fork, Utah, say the boy's older brother heard the child screaming and got him out of the restroom on April 2. Charging documents say the boy told his brother that one of the teeth was loose, but the other was only slightly loose. Prosecutors say the woman didn't use any kind of anesthetic. Latest news videos The woman was charged with felony child abuse. No attorney was immediately listed for her in court records. The Associated Press is not naming her to avoid identifying the child. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS SF rents down again year-over-year Ghost Ship convictions might be a tall order Uber CEO has started meditating in Uber's lactation room Phil Collins hospitalized after hotel room fall Santa Clara firm's stolen goods lead straight to suspects Oregon's shameful history as an 'all-white' state Fox News host tears into Trump: You're the problem Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Durant takes over Game 3 finale Did LeBron and Cavs violate concussion protocol? Draymond: Cleveland loves to hate him Thompson and Love went 'dancing' memes Historic photos of climbers on Mount Rainier Half Dome cables are up, trail already busy Oakland named a top city for vegans Oakland zoo unveils $13M restaurant and gondolas Sign of changing Mission: dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Rich Parents of Instagram flaunt over-the-top lifestyles Humpback whales return to NYC for first time in a century The fastest selling cars in 20165:09 AM Most Popular 1 Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead 2 S.F. Zoo visitor saw 2 victims of tiger attack teasing lions 3 Nevertheless, Kamala Harris Persisted: Senator Told to Pipe... 4 Horoscope for Thursday, 6/08/17 by Christopher Renstrom 5 Did LeBron and the Cavs violate the NBA's concussion protocol? 6 Fox News host tears into Trump: News media is not your problem... 7 Warriors could lose $22 million by sweeping Cavs, per report 8 Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns 9 Teens invent straw that detects date rape drugs, win business... 10 Klay Thompson and Kevin Love went 'dancing' during Game 3 and... LATEST NEWS SF rents down again year-over-year Ghost Ship convictions might be a tall order Uber CEO has started meditating in Uber's lactation room Phil Collins hospitalized after hotel room fall Santa Clara firm's stolen goods lead straight to suspects Oregon's shameful history as an 'all-white' state Fox News host tears into Trump: You're the problem Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Amazon offers Prime discount for US customers on government aid (VIDEO) Tuesday June 6, 2017 09:32 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Serbian press lament poor performance of national tennis hero Djokovic ProjekMMO: Dah glamor di YouTube, Mat Luthfi arah filem UN warns of ‘significant escalation’ of civilian deaths in Mosul The Edit: Preparing opor is nothing short of a labour of love Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Amazon.com said it would offer a discount on its Prime subscription service for shoppers who receive US government aid. — Picture courtesy of www.amazon.comSEATTLE, June 6 — Amazon.com Inc said today it would offer a discount on its popular Prime subscription service for shoppers who receive US government aid, taking aim at a key customer base for rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Amazon said it would offer the US$10.99-per-month or US$99-per-year Prime service — which includes fast shipping as well as streaming of movies and TV shows — for US$5.99 per month to those receiving government assistance including welfare and food stamps. The online retailer’s move directly challenges Wal-Mart — the biggest beneficiary of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) — where at least one in five customers pay by food stamps. Prime subscriptions have been key to Amazon’s retail growth strategy, as the service encourages shoppers to buy more goods, more often. Customers with valid Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) cards receiving aid from programs including SNAP and the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) programme will qualify for the discount, Amazon said. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Gloves off in spat between India's central bank, government Asian currencies edge down on caution ahead of risk events Prasarana to generate RM17b in economic returns this year, says PM Ringgit closes lower against US dollar KL shares end lower on extended consolidation Ringgit slightly higher against US dollar in early trade Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week RHB-AmBank to take No. 1 spot in asset management, insurance, broking Bursa to be firmer next week Petronas Q1 2017 pre-tax profit more than doubles to RM15.5b Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Wal-Mart draws more shoppers, online sales jump Amazon cuts free shipping minimum to US$25 Wal-Mart close to settling bribe probe for US$300m JustWatch streaming search engine launches in Malaysia Amazon, Flipkart battle in India for e-commerce’s ‘last frontier’ Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Terra Tech Corp. June 06, 2017 08:30 ET Terra Tech Corp. Announces Changes in Board of Directors IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - June 06, 2017) - Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) ("Terra Tech" or the "Company"), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company, today announced Michael Vande Vrede, Steven Vande Vrede, and Amy Almsteier, one of the original co-founders of the Company, have resigned from Terra Tech's Board of Directors, effective June 1, 2017. Derek Peterson, Kenneth Vande Vrede, Michael Nahass, Kenneth Krueger and Steven Ross will remain on the Board of Directors. The Company plans to add more independent directors to the Board to enhance its independent oversight by incorporating best practices in corporate governance. Derek Peterson, CEO of Terra Tech Corp., commented, "I would like to thank Mike, Steven and Amy for their contributions to Terra Tech. They have provided valuable guidance to Terra Tech since it was a fledgling cannabis company and helped to develop the Company into one of the most recognizable names in the industry. We collectively decided this is the right time for them to step down to support the Company's commitment to best practices in corporate governance, which we believe is paramount to shareholder interests as the Company develops its nationwide presence and positions itself for an up-listing to a major stock exchange when the opportunity presents itself." To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, and MediFarm LLC. Blüm's retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Edible Garden, cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley's, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech's MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. For more information about Terra Tech Corp visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/ For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/ For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/ Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/ Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend" and similar expressions, as they relate to the company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and probably will, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in Terra Tech Corp.'s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to Terra Tech Corp.'s (i) product demand, market and customer acceptance of its equipment and other goods, (ii) ability to obtain financing to expand its operations, (iii) ability to attract qualified sales representatives, (iv) competition, pricing and development difficulties, (v) ability to integrate GrowOp Technology Ltd. into its operations as a reporting issuer with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (vi) general industry and market conditions and growth rates and general economic conditions. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Information on Terra Tech Corp.'s website does not constitute a part of this release. Contact Information Contact Philip Carlson KCSA Strategic Communications TRTC@kcsa.com 212-896-1238 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Terra Tech Corp. From this industry Agriculture From this sub-industry Equipment and Supplies Farming See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PowerPost Follow @powerpost Get The Finance 202 Newsletter Subscribe The Finance 202 Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Follow Stories The Finance 202: Why Trump's populist agenda is in retreat The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Tory Newmyer By Tory Newmyer June 6 Follow @ToryNewmyer THE TICKER President Trump and Steven Mnuchin walk down the hall of the Treasury Department before signing an executive order on April 21, 2017. (Pete Marovich/Bloomberg) Trump’s populist agenda is in retreat, most markedly on the centerpiece of his tax rewrite: a so-called border adjustment tax or BAT.  The BAT’s causes of death are multiple, and an autopsy offers some important insights into the state of an economic agenda that’s largely failed to launch.  First, let’s recap. Helped by populist-in-chief Stephen K. Bannon, candidate Trump promised to even the score for those left behind by the erosion of the country’s once-mighty manufacturing base. But he’s pursued the goal only fitfully in office, largely abandoning the project of jawboning American executives into keeping jobs in the United States; flip-flopping on his campaign-trail pledge to label China a currency manipulator; and backing off talk of blowing up the North American Free Trade Agreement, seeking to renegotiate it instead. The sole nod to the Bannon wing in the White House of late has been the decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Bannon championed the BAT, which proponents argued would help level the playing field for American exporters and their workers by slapping a new levy on cheap foreign imports. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) made rare common cause with Bannon on the idea, talking up its potential to raise roughly $1 trillion in new revenue over a decade that could go toward slashing tax rates. And Trump early in the year appeared to embrace the concept since it would subject our trading partners’ exports to the same treatment they impose on American products.  Publicly, Ryan and Brady maintain that the BAT remains a keystone of the tax package they’re assembling, even if it needs significant reworking. Ryan said in a late May interview with Axios that, "of course," he could envision a tax revamp that doesn't include the provision. But the pair has sought to put the burden on BAT opponents to come up with a replacement that generates as much revenue. Others close to the process, on both sides of the argument, privately agree that the proposal has flatlined. National Economic Director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) Here are some reasons why: 1. Inside the administration, Trump’s Wall Street heavies are running the show, for now.  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, early skeptics of the BAT, hardened into opponents as the potential for the new system to rattle global markets became clearer. Champions of the tax argued it would strengthen the dollar, thereby offsetting price hikes on imported goods that major retailers like Walmart and Target warned would result (which could have the effect of hurting Trump voters). But many Wall Street analysts weren’t convinced. In a March 28 note to clients, Bank of America analyst David Woo called the assumptions of currency appreciation “unrealistic and implausible” and said even if they were realized, they could bring “unintended consequences that would negate and possibly overwhelm any economic benefits associated with the BAT” -- including by slashing the value of American-owned foreign assets, diminishing the foreign earnings of American-based multinationals, and hurting commodity producers. Mnuchin echoed those concerns in a CNBC interview on May 23: “One of the problems with the border adjusted tax is that it doesn't create a level playing field. It has very different impacts on different companies. It has the potential to pass on significant costs to the consumer. It has the potential of moving the currencies.”  Watch him here:  The Treasury secretary made the comments at the same time as the Ways and Means panel was convening its first hearing on the border-adjustment proposal. And in case his point was lost on lawmakers, Mnuchin made the rounds on Capitol Hill that afternoon. In closed-door meetings with three different groups – the conservative Republican Study Committee, the even more conservative House Freedom Caucus, and Ways and Means Committee Democrats – the Treasury secretary said the proposal was holding up progress on the broader project of a tax overhaul and that it was time to move on. Mnuchin noted he was speaking not only for himself but for Trump, as well, sources in two of the meetings said. President Trump talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) 2. The Trump administration and Speaker Ryan are not working well together. Mnuchin’s Hill visits – word of which he knew would leak – were a rebuke to the Wisconsin Republican, whose career ambition is to streamline the tax code and who invested significant political capital in the BAT as the best way to achieve it. The Treasury secretary made the move out of frustration with Ryan, two sources familiar with his thinking said. Mnuchin believed the two had come to an agreement that the BAT wasn’t politically feasible, but the speaker continued his advocacy for it. The administration lost confidence in Ryan’s ability to wrangle his own ranks after the collapse of the first health-care measure in March. And though Ryan and Brady embraced the White House tax principles when Mnuchin and Cohn rolled them out in April, the two Trump hands conducted their own back-channel outreach on the issue to subgroups in the House Republican Conference. (The principals continue communicating, and Mnuchin and Cohn will be back on the Hill this afternoon for their third private huddle on the issue with Ryan, Brady, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah)).  House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) 3. House Republicans themselves remain deeply divided. There appears to be enough opposition from GOP tax writers to keep a package that includes the BAT from passing out of committee. At the hearing, Target CEO Brian Cornell testified that the proposal would cause the company’s tax rate to leap 40 percent. Still, considering the priority that Brady has placed on it, it was bracing to see Rep. Erik Paulsen (R-Minn.), who once worked for Target and now represents its corporate headquarters, join three other Republicans in suggesting he couldn’t support the BAT in its current form. The reservations don’t end there. Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), a House Freedom Caucus co-founder, called the BAT dead. “The White House doesn’t like it, members don’t like it, employers don’t like it, and it’s bad for families who are going to have to pay more for the car they buy at Honda and the clothes they buy for their kids when they’re headed back to school,” he said in an interview. Screen grab of an ad from the National Retail Federation opposing the BAT.  4. The anti-BAT lobbying forces have outgunned the proposal’s private-sector boosters at every turn. A retail-driven coalition called Americans for Affordable Products – which now counts over 500 members, from Abercrombie & Fitch to Zulily – began mobilizing the day after Trump’s election. Joining with automakers, oil refiners, and the Koch brothers network, its initial strategy focused on keeping the White House from embracing border adjustment while laying the groundwork to kill it in the Senate. But the March collapse of the Obamacare repeal effort in the House moved the group onto even more aggressive footing: If GOP leaders in the lower chamber couldn’t keep their soldiers in formation on health care, there was no reason to believe they’d fare better in the tax debate. Drawing from the playbook that business interests used to kill the BTU tax in 1993, the coalition began arguing to House Republicans that they shouldn’t risk such a politically dicey vote for a measure going nowhere in the Senate. “We said, ‘You’re going to own this thing forever,’” one retail lobbyist involved in the effort said. The coalition isn’t declaring victory. Instead, they’re aiming to keep the pressure on Ryan and Brady to formally drop the BAT. The group went up on the air with its first cable ads last week while lawmakers were back in their districts. This week, it’s flying 60 small-business owners into Washington to continue pressing the case on the Hill.  President Ronald Reagan. (AFP/MIKE SARGENT) Here's the bigger problem for Republicans: the dynamics revealed by the BAT’s failure portend poorly for a comprehensive rewrite of the tax code. The current Congress only includes 15 lawmakers — five senators, 10 House members — who were serving in 1986, the the last time a major tax package passed. The remainder just got a live-ammunition demonstration of why it’s taken so long to repeat the trick.  Big, complicated projects demand disciplined leadership, starting at the top. President Trump has the benefit of an all-GOP Congress, but he hasn't forged consensus within his party on the path forward. Neither has the administration called on natural allies in the business community to build a public case for reform.  “We can’t organize ourselves,” one strategist involved in the process says. “We can be the stereo system that makes the music louder, but we can’t make the music.” So far, the tax process has produced some noise and no music. You are reading The Finance 202, our must-read tipsheet on where Wall Street meets Washington. Not a regular subscriber? SIGN UP NOW MARKET MOVERS Former FBI Director James Comey will testify Thursday on Capitol Hill (AFP PHOTO / JIM WATSON)  -- As knotty and potentially painful as the tax debate remains, Republicans on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue would love it to be their top concern. Of course, it isn't, by a longshot. The party is bracing for the Thursday testimony of former FBI director James B. Comey, and Trump is further fraying GOP nerves with erratic tweets about the London terrorist attack, my colleague Robert Costa writes.  White House officials hoped to keep the focus Monday on the rollout of the administration's infrastructure program. That plan, the promise of which helped rally markets after Trump's election, remains largely undefined (one element includes privatizing air traffic control -- here's an analysis of what that would mean). And whatever bipartisan appeal it held at the beginning of the year has evaporated.  But it also felt like a footnote on a day that Trump bracketed with missives on the urgency of reinstating his travel ban, following the Saturday night killings on London Bridge: --Even Trump loyalists are fretting about his penchant for indulging distractions. "Every day and moment he spends on anything other than a rising economy is a waste that disrupts everything,” former Trump campaign adviser Barry Bennett tells Costa.  Marc Short, the White House director of legislative affairs, put a slightly different spin on it, telling reporters in a Monday briefing that it is the investigations themselves into possible links between Russian operatives and Trump campaign that is detracting from the administration's legislative agenda.  Still, he said, the White House expects a Senate vote this summer on a health-care overhaul, in time to the post-Labor Day work period to overhauling the tax code: WH's Short also said to expect tax reform bill after Labor Day, and that getting cuts more important than keeping it revenue neutral— Justin Sink (@justinsink) June 6, 2017 --And Short backed other administration officials' recent calls for Congress to lift the debt ceiling before quitting town for the August recess. But he sidestepped the question of whether the White House will demand the hike free of spending cuts or other policy riders: Still no clear direction from WH on debt ceiling after mixed messages from Mulvaney/Mnuchin. https://t.co/a5R89qbkbe— Manu Raju (@mkraju) June 6, 2017 -- If Short's projections sound overly optimistic based on past performance, that may be because he's taking a page from his boss. Bloomberg's Toluse Olorunnipa notices a pattern whereby Trump promising action on everything -- from overhauling the tax code to announcing his decision on the Paris accords -- in "two weeks." More often than not, that deadline for action comes and goes unmet.  In the case of the tax plan, Trump originally announced back on Feb. 9 that his administration was "way ahead of schedule" and would be releasing "something phenomenal" with two or three weeks. The White House released a one-page outline 11 weeks later.  POCKET CHANGE Ivanka Trump stands in the doorway as President Trump speaks and signs two bills on June 2. (Photo by Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) First Daughter Ivanka Trump tweeted a quote from a speech that Federal Reserve Chair Janet L. Yellen delivered at Brown University last month:  "Too many women struggle to combine aspirations for work and family." – Janet Yellen https://t.co/1N06ThzjIC— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) June 5, 2017 And some reporters noted that her father is mulling whether to keep Yellen atop the central bank when her four-year term as chair end in February:  Ivanka quotes Janet Yellen as her dad, colleagues mull whether to renominate her to lead the Fed in 2018. https://t.co/wbhhcAVofl https://t.co/yzfQ4OM86L— Sylvan Lane (@SylvanLane) June 5, 2017 The president has sent mixed signals about Yellen. He was harshly critical of her on the campaign trail but has been complimentary since: Trump said Yellen should be "ashamed" of what she and the Fed had done https://t.co/uz6wg8vAeG— Heather Long (@byHeatherLong) June 5, 2017 -- Ivanka's brothers, meanwhile, are debuting plans for a new chain of middle-market American hotels that appears to draft off the branding behind their father's campaign. The line, called American Idea, will push the Trump Organization's footprint beyond the luxury properties for which it's known and into new corners of the map, with the first properties popping up in Mississippi, Jonathan O'Connell writes.  Here are some more good reads: Wells Fargo is least-respected company in America — even less than Big Tobacco Technology is where the big profits and big love are, according to a Barron’s survey. Thomas Heath Donald And The C-Suite: The CEOs Still Serving On Trump's Advisory Councils Forbes MONEY ON THE HILL AP Explains: House GOP takes aim at financial regulations A decade ago, the first inklings of the coming recession emerged as a housing bubble fueled by scant regulation, low-interest rates and easy credit gradually began to crater and soon would take the rest of the economy along for the painful ride. Kevin Freking | AP Three Dodd-Frank changes that could actually pass Congress While a House bill expected to be passed this week has little chance in the Senate, some of its individual provisions could be enacted by Congress, including one aimed at banks' systemic threshold. American Banker THE REGULATORS Joseph Otting, chief executive officer of OneWest Bank NA, smiles during a public meeting held by the Federal Reserve Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) in 2015. (Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg) -- Senate Democrats can dust off their briefing books on OneWest Bank, the second coming of failed mortgage lender IndyMac that now-Treasury Secretary Mnuchin once chaired. Trump has nominated Joseph Otting, a former lieutenant of Mnuchin's at the bank, to run the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the regulator that oversees more than 1,000 lenders, including Wall Street giants, Bloomberg reports.  If confirmed, Otting would be in position to help lead the administration's efforts to ease rules on the industry. His pick will allow Democrats to renew their charge that Trump is picking financial crisis profiteers to police the beat. The party hammered Mnuchin during his confirmation hearings over OneWest's foreclosure practices. And as CEO of the bank, Otting arguably had more of a hands-on role in the company's operations.  More from the executive branch: Under Trump, Worker Protections Are Viewed With New Skepticism There’s a relaxation in the approach to occupational safety and business is getting a bigger voice, while hard-won victories for safety advocates are being reversed. New York Times Supreme Court rules to limit SEC power to recover profit from fraud The high court unanimously decided that the federal government must abide by a five-year statute of limitations. Robert Barnes DAYBOOK Today:                          The House Rules Committee will have a hearing on the Financial CHOICE Act at 5 p.m. The Senate Banking Committee will hold a hearing on the nomination of Kevin Hassett to serve as the Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and Pamela Hughes Patenaude to serve as Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. The hearing will begin at 10 a.m. Brookings Institution is hosting an event on Dodd-Frank at 9:30 a.m. Panelists for the discussion include former Fed chairman Ben Bernanke. CATO Institute is hosting its banking summit in Charlotte, N.C. The summit begins at 10 a.m. The Peterson Institute is hosting a book launch for “Currency Conflict and Trade Policy: A New Strategy for the United States.” The event begins at 12:15 p.m. President Trump will highlight is $1 trillion infrastructure plan with a series of events that began on Monday, billed as “infrastructure week.” He began the events with an announcement Monday that he will propose a plan to privatize the nation's air traffic control system. Coming up: The House will begin this week debating the CHOICE Act, the sweeping bill by House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling that would roll back much of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act. The Treasury Department is expected to release a report reviewing Dodd-Frank this week.  Senate Finance Committee will hold a hearing on the nominations of Eric D. Hargan to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, David Malpass to be Under Secretary of The Treasury, and Brent James McIntosh to be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury. The hearing will begin at 10 a.m. on Wednesday. A Senate Appropriations subcommittee will hold a hearing on Wednesday with Education Secretary Betsy DeVos on the proposed 2018 fiscal budget. A Senate Appropriations subcommittee will hold a hearing on Wednesday with HUD Secretary Ben Carson on the department’s proposed 2018 fiscal year budget. Trump is expected to visit the Ohio River on Wednesday to discuss waterways and more of his broad infrastructure plans, John Wagner reports. The House Appropriations Committee will hold a budget hearing with Labor Secretary Alex Acosta on Wednesday morning. The House Appropriations subcommittee holds a budget hearing with HUD Secretary Ben Carson on Thursday morning. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is set to have its advisory board meeting on Thursday. The House Financial Services subcommittee will hold a hearing on virtual currency on Thursday. The Senate Banking Committee will hold a hearing on economic growth  and the “Role of Financial Institutions in Local Communities” on Thursday. The Wilson Center will host an event on Thursday with Canada’s Premiers on the future of North American Trade. The event begins at 12:30 p.m. The Energy and Commerce Committee hold a hearing Thursday morning on their “Disrupter Series” on “improving Consumer’s Financial Options with Fin Tech.” THE FUNNIES Toles: "Donald Trump doesn’t have any regard for the political climate, either": BULL SESSION People are already thinking about 2020: See reporters ask about the whereabouts of Sean Spicer: Fact Check: Are there 50,000 new coal jobs as EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt claimed? Stephen Colbert talks "covfefe:" Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Covering financial services and economic policy for the Washington Post Follow @ToryNewmyer Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Analysis ‘I need loyalty’: James Comey’s riveting prepared testimony about what Trump asked him, annotated 2 Trump, furious and frustrated, gears up to punch back at Comey testimony 3 Analysis Trump’s sons recommend the high road they usually don’t take 4 Analysis Imagine any other Trump adviser appearing on a magazine with this headline 5 Analysis A president divorced from the executive branch he oversees The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe powerpost powerpost Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Whole Foods Market Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whole Foods Market Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Metro Ag (MEO3) Whole Foods Market (WFM) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.49 CNO Financial Group Inc (CNO) To Go Ex-Dividend on June 7th General Motors Company (GM) To Go Ex-Dividend on June 7th TELUS Co. (TU) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.49 on July 4th UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $103.68 Million Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) BB&T Co. (BBT) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Gabelli Funds LLC Has $44.23 Million Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Intuit Inc. (INTU) Stake Lowered by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. FBR & Co Analysts Give Meta Financial Group Inc. (CASH) a $130.00 Price Target UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Reduces Stake in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Hilton Capital Management LLC Holds Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Halliburton Company (HAL) Stake Raised by Intrust Bank NA Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Has $14.93 Million Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) World Asset Management Inc Acquires Shares of 4,049 Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) World Asset Management Inc Purchases 41 Shares of Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Purchases 259,225 Shares of Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) World Asset Management Inc Has $259,000 Stake in IDACORP Inc (IDA) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Buys 5,042 Shares of Allergan plc (AGN) NCS Multistage Holdings Inc (NCSM) Research Coverage Started at Tudor Pickering Whole Foods Market (WFM) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.49 June 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM) has trended positive recently, according to AlphaOne. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Whole Foods Market earned a news sentiment score of 0.49 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news stories about the company an impact score of 16 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the media headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Whole Foods’ Overcharging Lawsuit Revived (mytotalretail.com) Appeals court knocks down Whole Foods’ ban on electronic recording (hrdive.com) Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Kroger Co (fool.com) In four years, the price of lab-grown “meat” has fallen by 96%. There’s still a long way to go. (finance.yahoo.com) The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Facebook, Amazon.com, Wal-Mart Stores and Whole Foods Market (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ WFM) opened at 35.13 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $11.23 billion, a PE ratio of 27.97 and a beta of 0.75. Whole Foods Market has a 52-week low of $27.67 and a 52-week high of $38.29. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $35.90 and its 200-day moving average price is $32.00. Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported $0.37 EPS for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.37. Whole Foods Market had a net margin of 2.81% and a return on equity of 14.57%. The business had revenue of $3.74 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.73 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.44 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 99.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Whole Foods Market will post $1.31 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 11th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be given a dividend of $0.18 per share. This is a boost from Whole Foods Market’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.14. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.05%. Whole Foods Market’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 40.29%. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Wells Fargo & Co raised Whole Foods Market from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Zacks Investment Research raised Whole Foods Market from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Vetr raised Whole Foods Market from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $35.01 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and set a $28.00 target price (down previously from $29.00) on shares of Whole Foods Market in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Wolfe Research raised Whole Foods Market from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $33.01. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/06/whole-foods-market-wfm-earns-news-impact-rating-of-0-49.html. In related news, insider Christina Minardi sold 2,061 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.30, for a total transaction of $60,387.30. Following the sale, the insider now owns 1,461 shares in the company, valued at $42,807.30. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Laura A. Derba sold 2,200 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.48, for a total transaction of $80,256.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 3,418 shares in the company, valued at approximately $124,688.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 20,527 shares of company stock worth $604,075 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. About Whole Foods Market Whole Foods Market, Inc is engaged in the business of natural and organic foods supermarket. The Company operates approximately 456 stores in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Its stores have an average size of approximately 39,000 square feet, and are supported by its distribution centers, bake house facilities, commissary kitchens, seafood-processing facilities, a produce procurement center, and a specialty coffee and tea procurement and roasting operation, among others. Receive News & Ratings for Whole Foods Market Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whole Foods Market Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Elections Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Shooting suspect confessed to 911 while heading to hospital with 1 of his victims, Midlothian police say Filed under Crime at Yesterday Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Liz Farmer Connect with Liz Farmer On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Brian Taylor Speights Updated at 2:31 p.m. with additional information, including the identifications of the suspect and victims.  Police arrested a 22-year-old man after an overnight shooting that left two people wounded outside a Wal-Mart in Midlothian.  Brian Taylor Speights of Midlothian is being held in the Midlothian jail on two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, police said.  Officers were dispatched just after 11 p.m. Monday to the parking lot of the store in the 400 block of North U.S. Highway 67, about 25 miles southwest of Dallas.  Authorities determined that Speights and the victims, who knew each other, met at the Wal-mart. When a fight started, Spreights discharged a firearm, police said.  Officers found 19-year-old Andrew Douglas Woodrum of Cedar Hill with a gunshot wound to the torso, Midlothian police said. Authorities later flew that person to Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas.  A witness told officers that a friend drove another victim, 20-year-old Marshall Dillon Henry of Midlothian, to Baylor Scott & White Medical Center in Waxahachie. He sustained a gunshot wound to the arm and face. He was later transferred to Baylor University Medical Center at Dallas.  Both victims are alive, but their conditions are not known.  Officers who went to the hospital took Speights into custody there. He voluntarily told them that he'd shot Woodrum and Henry, police said. They also determined that he was in the vehicle that transported Henry to a hospital. Speights told officers that on the way, he called 911 and told the operator he'd shot the victims, police said.  Authorities are interviewing witnesses and collecting security footage from the store.  Did you miss these stories? View Comments Tags Crime Ellis County Video Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Calendar SF Bay Area Events Promotion Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv Dow Jones Industrial Average Retreats in Low-Volume Session – Nasdaq Posted on Jun 5 2017 - 5:01pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as Business 15 Related Einstein still annoyingly right as researchers weigh white dwarf – Ars Technica Nasdaq The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA- 21,184.04) closed down 22.3 points, or 0.1%. Apple’s 1% loss paced the 13 Dow decliners, while Wal-Mart stock’s 0.8% gain led the 17 advancers. The S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,436.10) gave back 3 points, or 0.1%. Something’s Gotta Give: Dow Dips 22 Points as Week Begins With a WhimperBarron’s Dow Jones Industrial Average Waffles Amid Cautious TradingSchaeffers Research (blog) S&P 500, Dow Jones Close Lower Amid Geopolitical WorriesInvestorplace.com Economic Calendar –Investing.com –Money Morning all 32 news articles …read more Source:: Dow Jones News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority June 8th - Oakland Raiders & UNLV NFL Sublease On Agenda NBA Finals | Warriors 118 Cavs 113 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 Talk Oakland Raiders NFL News | NBA Finals Warriors Stun Cavs Win 2017 NBA Finals Game 3 118 - 113 After NBA Finals Game 3 Zennie62 Live On YouTube #NBAFinals Steph Curry Steals Ball From LeBron James In NBA Finals Game 3 2017 James Comey | James Comey Statement For Senate Select Committee On Intelligence Pican Oakland Restaurant To Close After 8 Year Run In Uptown | Pican Oakland Marshawn Lynch To Oakland Raiders Because Of Las Vegas NFL Plans Eric Decker | Eric Decker WR NY Jets Released Today | Eric Decker George and Amal Clooney Welcome Twins as George Is Sedated Marshawn Lynch Run, Wonder Woman Is Oakland Raiders Fan - Tell Las Vegas Steve Sisolak http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up News MUSIC VIDEOS FEATURES LISTS LIFESTYLE FRESHMAN SHOP Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSS Trending: XXXTentacion and Ski Mask’s New Song Alternate Ending to ‘Juice’ Frank Ocean Accused of Plagiarism Kendrick Buys Sister a Toyota Chance The Rapper to Be Honored at 2017 BET Awards By Peter A. Berry June 6, 2017 8:00 AM SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT EMAIL REDDIT Frazer Harrison, Getty Images The ascendance of Chance The Rapper continues. Today (June 6), BET announces the Grammy Award-winning Chicago artist will be the recipient of the Humanitarian Award presented by Walmart at the 2017 BET Awards. The star-studded awards show will also include the presentation of a Lifetime Achievement Award to the legendary R&B group New Edition. This reveal marks yet another accolade in a year of transformational success for Chano, who not only altered the music industry landscape forever with his mixtape, Coloring Book, but also demonstrated an irrepressible commitment to bettering the world around him. Long an outspoken critic of systemic injustices in the U.S., Chano took his activism to another level when he worked alongside President Obama on the government’s My Brother’s Keeper Challenge, an initiative designed to help civic leaders intervene in the lives of young men of color, working to deal with the unique struggles they face while also working to promote racial equality. As if that weren’t enough, Chano took it upon himself to improve Chicago’s ailing public school system. Less than two weeks after critiquing Illinois Governor Rauner’s handling of the situation, Chance pledged to donate $1 million to Chicago public schools, ultimately inspiring the NBA’s Chicago Bulls to do the same. Talk about a chain reaction. Chance will be recognized for his philanthropy and humanitarian efforts when the 2017 BET Awards—which take place alongside the BET Experience (June 22-25) and are hosted by Saturday Night Live‘s Leslie Jones—air live from the Mircosoft Theater in Los Angeles on Sun., June 25 at 8 p.m./5 p.m. EST./PST. Cop tickets to the 2017 BET Experience here. See Photos of Chance The Rapper’s Different Looks Over the Years Image of Subscribe to XXL on Filed Under: Chance The Rapper Category: News SHARE TWEET EMAIL REDDIT More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of XXL Twitter Reacts to Kodak Black Getting Out of Jail Once Again Killer Mike Catches Heat for His Response to Bill Maher Using the N-Word New Music Releases for June 2017 ASAP Ferg Launches Trap Lord Home Collection With Pop-Up Shop in Harlem Leave a Comment Latest News XXXTentacion and Ski Mask The Slump God Drop New Song “Off the Wall!” June 8, 2017 9:28 AM Def Jam CEO Steve Bartels Confirms Kanye West Is Working on New Music June 8, 2017 9:20 AM Comedian Jay Mohr Uses N-Word While Reacting to Boosie BadAzz’s Prison Video June 8, 2017 8:49 AM XXXTentacion Punched on Stage While Performing in San Diego June 8, 2017 12:32 AM Major Lazer and Bacardi Are Helping Aspiring Artists With Free Studio Time June 7, 2017 9:28 PM See More Worst Wardrobe Malfunctions On Stands Now Table of Contents XXL Newsletter Eye Candy Here Are 11 of Iggy Azalea’s Sexiest Twerking Moments April 17, 2017 Here Are 10 of Rihanna’s Sexiest Twerking Moments April 11, 2017 11 Hottest Women on the 2017 Grammy Awards Red Carpet February 12, 2017 The Real Chela’s Way Uses Instagram to Give the Gift That Keeps on Giving January 10, 2017 See the Hottest Women on the 2016 American Music Awards Red Carpet November 20, 2016 Thickest Yams HOT HEADLINES Ex-FBI Director James Comey Testifies About President Trump, Russia Investigation (LIVE STREAM) Kevin Durant's Mom Went Crazy with Steph Curry's Mom After Game 3! (VIDEO) Brandon Marshall: 'Will Jets Have Enough Guys to Play?!' (VIDEO) Derek Fisher's DUI Crash Car Is Registered to Matt Barnes Bill Maher Will Never Get the N-Word Issue, Says Actress Anne-Marie Johnson (VIDEO) Diddy and Suge Knight Have No Beef with Tupac Movie 'All Eyez On Me' President Trump & Comey Testimony Will Get Most of D.C. Drunk, Rep. Peter King Says Bank On It! Young William in 'Braveheart' 'Memba Him?! Sen. Richard Burr on James Comey Testimony ... It'll Be Greatest Show on Earth (VIDEO) Baltimore Robbery Suspect Shot and Killed in Crazy Shootout with Cops (VIDEO) Rappers Who Killed People The XXL Network Contact Us Advertise Privacy Welcome back to XXL Mag It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to XXL Mag It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://www.xxlmag.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to XXL Mag (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here XXL Mag brought to you by: Sign up for XXL Mag Register Now Sign up for XXL Mag quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! XXL Mag brought to you by: XXL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Contact us Advertise Log in Dash Home News Features Columns Photos Radio Talk of Takoma Community Classifieds Public Notices About Meet the Voice Advertise Contact What's Happening in Takoma January 20, 2017 | Sen. Obama visits Silver Spring January 5, 2017 | Takoma Park Mobilization to defend marginalized groups June 6, 2017 | GRANOLAPARK: Columbus kicked to the curb June 6, 2017 | In Western Maryland, ‘whales’ are out and a fight over fracking reveals divergent economic visions June 4, 2017 | Purple Line judge dismisses demand for more research June 4, 2017 | Takoma Park Mobilization “invigorates a sense of activism” June 3, 2017 | In Maryland politics, the war on rural is dead — long live the war on rural? June 3, 2017 | El Salvador consulate moves to Silver Spring June 1, 2017 | Future of paid sick leave legislation uncertain May 31, 2017 | Takoma named “A Playful City” ninth year in a row May 28, 2017 | Community residents and businesses host the 2017 Takoma Porch music festival May 24, 2017 | GRANOLAPARK: All clear! Search for: Home News In Western Maryland, ‘whales’ are out and a fight over fracking reveals divergent economic visions A pro-Trump trailer still sits alongside I-68 in Allegany County. Coal has been mined in Western Maryland since the late 1800s, but few believe the area’s economic future lies in mining.(Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Posted By: Helen Lyons June 6, 2017 By: J F Meils CUMBERLAND, Maryland — Allegany and Garrett, the state’s two westernmost counties, tend to be lumped together as “Mountain Maryland,” their problems similar, their prospects equally muddled. But the two counties’ economic issues — and their approaches to solving them — differ starkly. In Allegany, many problems stem from the legacy of past reliance on “whales,” big employers with large numbers of good-paying jobs that lay waste to communities when they leave. In Garrett, a place that has always relied on natural resources to power its economy, the question is not whether to keep doing that, but how. What both counties have in common is urgency. If they don’t rebuild their economies in ways that generate more living-wage jobs soon, their youngest residents will continue to flee, making it that much harder to attract the very companies that could keep them close to home. Small is beautiful Kelly Springfield Tires, Selney’s Nylon, Pittsburgh Plate Glass — all were economic goliaths in Allegany County last century. And all left or downsized massively, wreaking havoc on an area whose economic lifeblood has long pumped through two ventricles: big manufacturers and coal. The decline of both is still being felt. According to 2015 U.S. Census estimates, Allegany has a median household income of just over $40,000, with 20 percent of its 70,000 residents living in poverty, making it the second-poorest county in Maryland, behind only Somerset on the Eastern Shore. “We decided we weren’t going to be looking for large-employment companies anymore because when they move out, it’s a huge hit,” said County Commissioner William Valentine, R-Allegany. The idea, according to Valentine, is to target companies that will hire, or grow to, about 200-300 employees. “It’s a better fit for rural,” he added. The coal-powered Verso paper and pulp factory in Luke is a vestige of Allegany’s past. “I worry if that factory closes, this town dies,” said William Valentine, an Allegany County commissioner. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Part of the strategy to attract businesses is construction of ready-made work space in the county’s industrial parks, lowering the expense, time and regulatory hassle of setting up in a new location. However, of Allegany’s seven commercial parks, only five are full or mostly so. And the county’s newest structure, a 40,000-square-foot shell building in Barton Business Park finished in 2016, sits empty. In a strange twist, there’s no dearth of jobs in Allegany. A recent search of all available jobs in the county on Maryland’s Workforce Exchange website returned more than 750 open positions. So how does a place with 7 percent unemployment where one in five residents lives in poverty have hundreds of unfilled jobs? While most of Allegany’s business parks are full or close to capacity, the new 40,000 sq. foot shell building in the Barton Business Park has yet to attract a tenant. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) The short answer: Most of the area’s new jobs don’t pay as much as the old ones because they tend to be in the service sector. And many don’t come with benefits, making them less attractive to job seekers. According to the Maryland Department of Commerce, Allegany’s top five employers are Western Maryland Health System, the area’s two universities, Hunter Douglas and CSX Transportation — all of which are employers that tend to offer jobs with living wages and benefits. Among the next 10 largest employers are Rocky Gap Casino Resort, Walmart, Giant supermarkets and McDonald’s — companies that typically offer seasonal or part-time jobs with lower wages and limited benefits. On paper, Allegany has a fairly diverse economic portfolio. In addition to two higher education facilities and a large healthcare operator, Rocky Gap Casino Resort is expected to contribute more than $1.8 million to county coffers in 2017. That’s a 57 percent increase in the county’s gaming revenues from 2014, the casino’s first full year of operation. Allegany is also home to two state prisons, the North Branch and Western Correctional Institutions. While contentious in the county, the prisons are an undeniable source of employment, providing more than 1,000 jobs according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services. They’re also financed by the state to the tune of $120 million, a portion of which ends up in the hands of local businesses that support peripheral prison operations and cater to correctional employees. And though prisons might not be the side Allegany wants to show visitors, its biggest single tourist draw is a music festival that takes place right next to its correctional complex, at the county fairgrounds. The Northern Branch and Western prisons sit in a beautiful valley where one of Allegany’s former “whales,” Selney’s nylon factory, once lived. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) DelFest, an annual four-day bluegrass music festival that happens each Memorial Day at the county fairgrounds, draws 30,000 people and includes marquee acts like the Trey Anastasio Band, which headlined this year’s event for the second year in a row. “DelFest has been a godsend for economic development,” said Barbara Buehl, director of tourism for Allegany County, who couldn’t put a dollar figure on what the festival brings to the county, but called it “significant.” Another hopeful source of revenue for Allegany is medical marijuana. The county already has agreements in place for a newly licensed dispensary and producer, according to Valentine. The county is also in discussions with Grow West MD, a medical marijuana grower that ran into resistance when it tried to set up shop next door in Garrett County. Valentine doesn’t anticipate many jobs from the three potential medical marijuana operators coming to the county, maybe 50 positions combined. But ancillary businesses including records storage, equipment supply and shipping could mean another 200 or so jobs in an industry that seems likely to grow with time. The final piece in Allegany’s economic puzzle and, tellingly, the one that usually comes up last in discussions about the county’s future, is coal. According to the 2013 report by the Maryland Bureau of Mines, the most recent available, Allegany produced about 930,000 tons of coal and employed 227 people. In 1907, when coal production peaked in Allegany, more than 5,700 people were employed in the local coal industry, which produced 4.5 million tons that year. “Coal is not as important, that’s a fact,” said Sen. George Edwards, R-Garrett, Allegany, Washington. “But it’s still an important part from the standpoint that it does employ people and it does pay good wages and benefits and contributes to the economy.” But less and less going back decades. It’s proceeding more slowly, but coal in Western Maryland is going the way of the area’s whales, a boom whose bust will probably still be felt years from now. The one-percent war Garrett, Maryland’s westernmost county, gets almost all its TV from Pittsburgh or West Virginia. It is beautiful and remote and people there treasure it for both those qualities. But Maryland’s expiring moratorium on hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, brought out the ugly in Garrett. A view of Wisp ski resort near the northern tip of Deep Creek Lake in Garrett County. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) “I can say unequivocally this is the most controversial issue we’ve ever dealt with,” said County Commissioner Paul Edwards, R-Garrett, who is the son of Sen. George Edwards, before Gov. Larry Hogan announced his support for a statewide fracking ban on March 17. But while Hogan settled the fracking debate for now, the schism it opened between the county’s farmers and the Deep Creek tourism industry is not closing anytime soon. According to a September 2016 OpinionWorks survey commissioned by the Chesapeake Climate Action Network, 56 percent of Garrett County residents were in favor of a fracking ban with 28 percent opposed and 15 percent unsure. Hogan, whose 2014 election was made possible in part by rural voters, was formerly in favor of fracking, saying in an October 2016 meeting with the Baltimore Sun’s editorial board that the state was sitting on a “goldmine” of natural gas in Western Maryland. By passing a ban in Maryland, “We’re just deciding to do hydraulic fracturing in other states,” said Billy Bishoff, president of Garrett County’s Farm Bureau and an outspoken supporter of fracking. A fracking site near Berlin, Pennsylvania, just over the northern border of Garrett County. The site is small but still produces about 50,000 cubic feet of natural gas a day. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Farmers like Bishoff are feeling the squeeze from the rise in property prices around Deep Creek Lake, a major economic engine for the county. Fracking could help farmers produce income to keep up with rising property taxes, he said, driven by the rise in property prices. “I came to the conclusion that I was going to be the last generation to farm my family’s land because Deep Creek (Lake) was driving up prices to such a point that farming there would no longer be practical for another generation,” Bischoff said. The homes around Deep Creek Lake, most of them weekend places, contribute about 55 percent of all Garrett property taxes, according to Scott Weeks, the director of financial services for the county. The “lake people,” as they’re sometimes called, also don’t use many county resources, including schools, which makes them particularly valuable to Garrett’s budget, currently about $75 million for 2017. And while second-home owners were not very engaged in the recent fracking battle, the businesses that depend on them were. “This county needs something more than tourism,” said Steve Green, owner of High Mountain Sports, whose store is on Deep Creek Lake. “But if you bring in fracking, it’s going to destroy or significantly disable tourism, so you’re worse off than when you started.” Farmer and anti-fracking activist Kim Alexander on her farm near Friendsville. “Economy and ecology go hand in hand,” said Alexander. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Some argue that relative size of Garrett’s tourist industry is not quite equal to its outsized influence in the county. “Leisure and hospitality represent the second-biggest percentage of our labor force, but the sixth-biggest income producer,” said Alex McCoy, head of economic development for Garrett County. “That’s because the average weekly wage for (tourism) is low.” For those who organized locally against fracking, including Engage Mountain Maryland and Citizen Shale, the issue was much more than economic. “The real problem was that our local government considered fracking an option,” said Mark Stutzman, president and co-founder of Engage Mountain Maryland. “They didn’t have the wherewithal, the logic, to look at the issue from a fact-based perspective to say this does not work for our area. What we have here is already working.” Mark Stutzman, illustrator and president of Engage Mountain Maryland, an anti-fracking group, stands in front of a mural he painted in Oakland, Md. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Stutzman’s sentiment was not shared by many of Garrett’s politicians. Sen. Edwards, who has represented Western Maryland in Annapolis as a delegate or senator for 34 years, was for fracking, as were just about all the county commissioners from Garrett and Allegany. “We’re not gonna try to do something that knowingly damages the environment where we live,” Edwards said, before Hogan’s announcement. According to the Maryland Department of Natural Resources, all of Garrett sits on the gas-rich Marcellus shale. Despite being on the “fairway” in extraction terms, the amount of natural gas that could be pulled from the entirety of Western Maryland is thought to be just over 1 percent of the total gas locked in the Marcellus, per the U.S. Geological Survey. Two generations of Bishoffs on their family farm near Friendsville in Garrett County. Billy (far right) is the president of the Garrett County Farm Bureau and was for fracking. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) The amount is still significant, about 629 billion cubic feet of “recoverable” natural gas in Garrett alone, according to a 2010 assessment by U.S. Energy Information Administration. That translates to about $88 billion, at current rates. “Natural resource development is common for a lot of people who grew up here, whether that’s coal, timber or farming,” said Shawn Bender, a vice president at Beitzel Corp., an industrial construction and services firm that is the second biggest employer in Garrett, according the Maryland Department of Commerce. Besides tourism and harvesting the area’s resources, Garrett doesn’t have a lot of options. Like Allegany, it fell victim to “whales,” the most recent of which was Bausch + Lomb, which closed its plant in Oakland, the county seat, in 1996, laying off about 600 people and sucking the economic air out of the county for years to come. Last year’s hotel/motel tax revenue was an all-time high of $2.4 million, which speaks to the continued strength of the area’s appeal. But how much more can tourism grow? And will that suddenly mean better-paying jobs than normally come with tourism? Until that happens or Garrett develops new sources of economic growth, the area’s resources will likely continue to be pursued as they always have. Just not by way of fracking. SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "In Western Maryland, ‘whales’ are out and a fight over fracking reveals divergent economic visions" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Categories Columns Features News Photos Radio Uncategorized June 6, 2017 GRANOLAPARK: Columbus kicked to the curb GRANOLAPARK • BY GILBERT Dear Readers, How likely is it that someone might shoot up the city council? Is it likely enough to post a… More June 6, 2017 In Western Maryland, ‘whales’ are out and a fight over fracking reveals divergent economic visions June 4, 2017 Purple Line judge dismisses demand for more research June 4, 2017 Takoma Park Mobilization “invigorates a sense of activism” June 3, 2017 In Maryland politics, the war on rural is dead — long live the war on rural? Instagram feeds Load More... Follow on Instagram Contact us Advertise Log in Dash Copyright 2017 | MH Newsdesk by MH Themes Array ( [marginTop] => 100 [pageURL] => [page] => [width] => 292 [height] => 300 [alignment] => left [color_scheme] => light [header] => header [footer] => footer [border] => true [scrollbar] => scrollbar [linkcolor] => #2EA2CC ) Please Fill Out The TW Feeds Slider Configuration First
My Account | Sign Out Amazon Shop Amazon photos Contact RSS PDA Other Writings Advertising PJ Media « MORE ON THE FBI’S ARREST of leaker Reality Winner. Honestly, I suspect she didn’t even want to ke… NSA PLUGS A LEAK, ISIS GOES DOWN UNDER, AND AL FRANKEN CANCELS ON BILL MAHER: Liz Sheld’s morning br… » June 6, 2017 THIS PIECE IN WIRED QUOTES MY TENNESSEE COLLEAGUE MAURICE STUCKE: Digital Privacy: The Next Frontier in Antitrust Law. To get a sense of Silicon Valley’s stupefying power writ large, just glance at a list of the world’s top 10 most valuable companies. In the first quarter of 2017, Apple, Alphabet (Google’s parent company), Microsoft, and Amazon inhabited the top four spots; Facebook sat just a few rungs below, at number eight and has already climbed up to number five. Companies that were near the top of the heap just a few years ago—big pharma, big box chains like Walmart, the “big four” Chinese banks, oil conglomerates, household names like Nestle or General Electric—are glaringly absent from the mix. The world’s most valuable resource is now data, and Silicon Valley has cornered the market on amassing personal information. This new world order is one of many reasons why antitrust officials are questioning their methods, even if they’re a bit slow to do so. (Even in the EU, as recently as last fall, Margrethe Vestager, the antitrust czar, was still calling Facebook’s terms of service “a gray area” between privacy and competition.) If competition policy were working, “we wouldn’t have record wealth inequality,” law professor Maurice Stucke says. “We wouldn’t have market power and monopoly profits.” Stucke should know. He’s a former trial attorney for the US Department of Justice’s antitrust division and has published research on algorithmic collusion, big data, and digital cartels. American antitrust statutes like the Sherman Act are broadly worded and largely centered around competition; they don’t explicitly instruct regulators to account for political realities like income inequality or the effect on wealth creation for small businesses. But the number of new companies started has reached a 40-year low, and profits for some US companies are abnormally high compared to GDP. The cracks in the antitrust establishment are starting to show, said Stucke, and experts are wondering if “the emperor maybe has no clothes.” If Google isn’t an antitrust worry, what is? What could be? Stuckey, by the way, is coauthor (with Oxford’s Ariel Ezrachi) of Virtual Competition: The Promise and Perils of the Algorithm-Driven Economy, and Big Data and Competition Policy. Tweet   Posted by Glenn Reynolds at 7:00 am Search Instapundit Link to Instapundit Archives Recommended Six: The Movie Becker-Posner Blog BlackProf Books for Kids Blog Cliopatria Deceiver.com Dr. Helen InstaPundit Store! My TCS Columns Of Arms & the Law PJ Media Strategy Page The Tatler WiFi Net News Big Journalism ALDaily Anchoress Andrew Malcolm Barone Blog Best of the Web Biased BBC BlogCritics Bluey Blog Brain Terminal Breitbart.com Chris Anderson Cox and Forkum Daily Howler Dan Gillmor Dave Barry David Corn David Frum Day By Day DefenseTech Don Surber Drudge Report Electrolite Ernie the Attorney Flit Fraters Libertas Gary Farber Gateway Pundit Gene Expression Hit and Run Howard Kurtz Hugh Hewitt Indian Country Inside Higher Ed. Jennifer Rubin Jim Geraghty Josh Marshall Jules Crittenden Jurist JWR Kausfiles Kevin Drum Larry Kudlow Mark Steyn Martin Peretz MediaBistro Michael Silence Michelle Malkin Neal Boortz PoliticalWire RealClearPolitics Red State Rich Galen SciTech Daily Scott Rosenberg SlashDot Slate.com Tapped TCS Daily That Liberal Media The Corner The Note TownHall.com Virginia Postrel Walter Shapiro Pure Bloggers Alphecca Andrea See Andrew Olmsted Ann Althouse Baldilocks Baseball Crank Bigwig Bill Peschel Bill Quick Bill Whittle BitchGirls Bjorn Staerk Blackfive Blogosferics Blogs of War Brad DeLong Brian Carnell Brian Linse Brothers Judd Burchismo Capt. Ed Charles Austin Charles Murtaugh ChicagoBoyz Clayton Cramer Colby Cosh Cold Fury Cori Dauber Correspondence Committee Cranky Professor Critical Mass Crooked Timber Damian Penny Daniel Drezner Dave Kopel Dave Winer David Pinto Dean Esmay Deinonychus Denise Howell Derek Lowe Diana Hsieh Discriminations Doc Searls Donald Luskin Donald Sensing DPM Dr. Frank Dr. Weevil Ed Cone Ed Driscoll Edward Boyd Eric Muller Eric S. Raymond Eve Tushnet Fight Aging! FuturePundit Geek Press Gut Rumbles HaightSpeech Heather Havrilesky Howard Bashman Howard Owens Howard Veit IMAO InkWell InstaLawyer Iraq the Model Jack Balkin James Lileks Jason Kottke Jay Manifold Jeff Goldstein Jeff Jarvis Jerry Pournelle Jessica’s Well Jim Henley Jim Miller Jim Treacher Joanne Jacobs John Cole John Ellis John Scalzi John Weidner Joshua Claybourn Kate Kathy Kinsley Katie Granju Kesher Talk Kevin Holtsberry Kitchen Cabinet La Shawn Barber Larry Lessig Laurence Simon Listen Missy Lynne Kiesling Mark Byron Martin Devon Master of None Matt Welch Matthew Hoy MCJ Megan McArdle Meryl Yourish Michael Totten Mike Silverman Milt Rosenberg MinuteMan (Maguire) Misha Mitch Berg Moira Breen Mudville Gazette N.Z. Bear NanoDot Natalie Solent Nick Denton No Watermelons Obscure Store Photon Courier Power Line Professor Bainbridge Rabbit Blog Rand Simberg Rantburg RealClearPolitics Rebecca Blood RedState Reid Stott Rich Hailey Right Wing News Robert Musil Robin Roberts Roger L. Simon Samizdata SCSU Scholars Silent Running Sissy Willis Skippy Spoons Stefan Sharkansky Stephen Green Steven Den Beste Stuart Buck Suman Palit TalkLeft The Agitator The Fat Guy The Homeless Guy The Volokh Conspiracy Tim Blair Ublog Walter Olson Will Warren William Hobbs Winds of Change Yuppies of Zion Zeyad About FAQ Podcasts Terms of Use Powered by WordPress | Design by Sekimori | Instapundit & Instapundit.com Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. | VIEW MOBILE SITE
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Free trade Unemployment Prescription drugs Why US companies will ignore Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement June 6, 2017 6.37am EDT Frederik Dahlmann Author Frederik Dahlmann Assistant Professor of Global Energy, Warwick Business School, University of Warwick Disclosure statement Frederik Dahlmann does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organization that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond the academic appointment above. Partners University of Warwick provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation UK. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Anti-green. EPA/Shawn Thew Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord has received widespread condemnation from political leaders, scientists, activists and climate experts. Perhaps surprisingly, a number of big businesses have also voiced their disagreement with the US president’s move. Among others, well-known companies such as Apple, General Electric, Google, Facebook, Goldman Sachs, Tesla, Morgan Stanley, PepsiCo, Walmart and Walt Disney all condemned the announcement and vowed to continue with their own efforts to protect the environment regardless. Coupled with statements from states and cities, as well as other organisations, this shows that while the president may be appealing to a very specific slice of his electorate, many Americans are decidedly critical. Even large oil companies such as ExxonMobil and Chevron have argued against withdrawal. It’s clear why. Climate change cannot be ignored and these companies are better off moving with the times – and profiting from it in the process. Competitive advantage Trump had campaigned against the Paris Agreement. He argued it placed a heavy burden on America’s economy by putting people (notably coal miners) out of jobs to the benefit of other nations. Of course, all policy decisions have an impact on business in some way. But the US president’s assertion that taking steps to limit climate change is bad for business is evidently wrong given the very significant growth in renewable energy investment and jobs in recent years. For example, in the US, there are already more than twice as many more people employed in the solar energy sector compared to coal. Providing new kinds of jobs. EPA/Paul Buck Indeed, many of the US’ biggest companies are its most innovative. And it has been their engagement with climate change that has led to significant (green) product innovations and process improvements that have saved businesses countless dollars in energy costs. Take Campbell Soup for example. Until 2020 its aim is to reduce its environmental footprint including carbon emissions by 50%. The company’s varied initiatives span across reducing waste, water and packaging, but it also made improvements in the transporting and handling of raw materials and ingredients. This kind of innovation, in turn, makes companies more competitive internationally. It also improves their reputation with customers and attracts a workforce that increasingly demands this kind of action from their employers. Trump’s focus appears extremely narrow in its overriding concern for one particular sector – coal. But then this garners him crucial political support. Meanwhile, he ignores the large gains enjoyed by other industries. Many leading companies increasingly integrate proactive responses to climate change in their strategies by setting ambitious science-based carbon reduction and broader sustainability targets. They also aim to source their electricity exclusively from renewable sources and are offering incentives to all their employees to help them reduce carbon emissions. At a time when costs in the renewable energy sector are falling significantly, many American companies are simply realising the commercial opportunities from reducing their emissions, sourcing their own clean electricity, and developing products and services to help others reduce their emissions. Companies must react to public opinion. David Mizoeff/PA Wire/PA Images Moving with the times Fossil fuel energy companies, for their part, have long faced public pressure to recognise the global threat from climate change and ensure they play their part in the wider energy transition. In recent years, however, their shareholders have also grown increasingly concerned about a potential carbon bubble, which would potentially leave oil reserves (and thus future profits) stranded. There has therefore been a slight shift in these companies’ stance towards less opposition to climate action. Even the shareholders of the world’s largest public oil company, ExxonMobil just voted in favour of the fossil fuel giant being more open about the risks it faces due to climate change. Coal mining companies, by contrast, are struggling. They have faced strong competition from US growth in natural gas production and their hopes for a revival are pinned on the Trump administration. But, as economies change, governments should focus on supporting and retraining those whose jobs are on the line. By trying to save coal, Trump is propping up a dying industry. For the majority of other businesses, though, both competitive and shareholder pressures are driving them to cut their carbon emissions. While the US might now symbolically take its foot off the climate policy pedal, the response of its businesses and cities is likely to ensure that the consequences are less severe than feared. The US prides itself as being the world’s leading innovator. There is therefore hope that its companies can make both America and the planet great again – even if its leader refuses to engage. Climate change Innovation Renewables Donald Trump UN Paris Agreement Paris Agreement Trump administration Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter You might also like Alamosa Photovoltaic Plan, south-central Colorado. Energy.gov/Flickr Why states are pushing ahead with clean energy despite Trump’s embrace of coal The Arc de Triomphe Is illuminated in green to celebrate the Paris Agreement’s entry into force. U.S. Department of State from United States Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? There’s strong support for wind power, which aids in addressing climate change, in Kansas and other red states for economic reasons. AP Photo/Charlie Riedel Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? Businesses representatives are out in full force at COP21. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe Explainer: which businesses are at COP21 and what do they want? Most popular on The Conversation The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? Why Jefferson’s vision of American Islam matters today Should we put juveniles away for life? Meet the teen who sparked a debate Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Working memory: How you keep things ‘in mind’ over the short term How math education can catch up to the 21st century How bad could Trump’s Paris Agreement withdrawal be? A scientist’s perspective Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 51,200 academics and researchers from 2,053 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! Business Business Columnists Column: Target shoots for retail comeback, and Chicago area is on front line Target is boosting its efforts to show shoppers how its prices are lower than they may think. (May 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Target is boosting its efforts to show shoppers how its prices are lower than they may think. (May 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here) Robert ReedContact ReporterChicago Tribune Beleaguered retailer Target Corp. is counting on the Chicago area to help trigger its revival and rescue the company. Under attack from giants Amazon and Walmart, Target is fighting back by opening a raft of mini-stores in area neighborhoods. Each is no larger than 40,000 square feet, compared with Target's 175,000-square-foot superstores. By 2018 the chain is expected to have at least 10 mini-stores, about 7 percent of the company's expected 130 small-store network, operating throughout select Chicago-area neighborhoods and more densely populated suburbs. While this slimmer shopping concept won't single-handedly defeat the competition, the approach is an essential component of Target's multibillion-dollar about-face. That effort also includes sharpening its online strategy, refurbishing many of its huge stores and, Target management hopes, greatly improving earnings. Lauren Zumbach One of Target's new small-scale stores is headed to downtown Evanston next year. The 27,400-square-foot store will be in the Shops at Sherman Plaza, slightly north of Fountain Square, and is expected to open in March, Target said. The store, aimed at Northwestern University students and downtown... One of Target's new small-scale stores is headed to downtown Evanston next year. The 27,400-square-foot store will be in the Shops at Sherman Plaza, slightly north of Fountain Square, and is expected to open in March, Target said. The store, aimed at Northwestern University students and downtown... (Lauren Zumbach) Full disclosure: I am a sucker for a good business comeback story and, right now, Target's plan is just unfolding. Household names Apple, Starbucks and Netflix suffered serious rough patches and went on to thrive, so maybe Minneapolis-based Target will do the same even in an era when many renowned retailers — think Macy's or Sears — are reeling. "It is too early to call Target's turnaround strategy successful, but we believe it's a directionally correct strategy," John Brick, a Morningstar equity analyst, said in an email to me. The Chicago market is at the vanguard of Target's line of attack. Right now, Target's self-described "small-format" stores are up and running in Chicago's Loop, Streeterville, Lincoln Park and Hyde Park neighborhoods. Later this year, four more will open — in Oak Park and Skokie and two in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood. For 2018, downtown Evanston and Rogers Park will get tiny Targets. These stores are tucked into densely populated communities with nearby apartments, condos, public transportation hubs, downtown centers or universities. They are trimmed-down versions of Target's flagship superstores, offering abridged versions of the mainstay lines of apparel, food and beverages, office supplies, housewares, hardware and electronics. I recently visited the Streeterville Target, which opened in late 2015, and it looked well-stocked and determined to meet the immediate needs of city dwellers and millennials, especially those pressed for time. Flanked by an adjoining CVS store and a Starbucks cafe, this smaller Target has a respectable assortment of household and personal items on display throughout its one-floor, street-level storefront. There was even a decent array of affordable wines. The sales and checkout crews were friendly and helpful. Yet on the weekday when I visited, some of the store's casual clothing was strewed about, which made the apparel section look more like an open-air bazaar and not a neat, upscale marketer. That's something Target management will need to keep an eye on and correct. Aside from catering to walk-in traffic, the smaller outlets are designed to double as neighborhood pickup sites for Target's online customers. When it comes to digital, Target is a laggard that needs to get going if it's going to be an online power, not a pretender. Last year it rang up only $3 billion in domestic online sales, compared with $16 billion for Walmart and $55 billion for Amazon, according to Morningstar. Can Target return to the glory days of selling cheap, cheerful and chic products? I'd say yes. One significant reason is the Target brand still enjoys a lot of customer goodwill. Phil Velasquez/Chicago Tribune Target’s Streeterville store is an example of the small-format, urban-oriented outlets the company hopes will help boost its fortunes. Target’s Streeterville store is an example of the small-format, urban-oriented outlets the company hopes will help boost its fortunes. (Phil Velasquez/Chicago Tribune) The same was true of Apple, Starbucks and Netflix, which have all been through periods of widespread customer unhappiness and corporate retrenchment. These companies came though the downturns because consumers were open to giving them another chance. My impression is that shoppers are frustrated with Target's spotty merchandising performance, especially when it comes to selling groceries, but they haven't completely rejected or given up on the retailer. Whatever happens, Chicago-area shoppers are going to play an important role in Target's future. roreed@chicagotribune.com Twitter @reedtribbiz Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune A headline from the future? 'Rauner signs minimum wage bill, economy improves' Amid rumors that Kraft Heinz wants to buy Colgate, has anyone asked why? When the boss gets sick, companies can't run and hide Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 67°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman GoECart Announces Rebrand and Name Change to Pulse Commerce Bridgeport, CT (PRWEB) June 06, 2017 GoECart, the leading enterprise order & inventory management platform for mid-market merchants, today unveiled its corporate rebranding right in time for the IRCE trade show in Chicago. Going forward, the company will be called Pulse Commerce, reflecting its mission to level the omnichannel playing field for merchants. The company chose “Pulse Commerce” to reflect its role in delivering a real-time enterprise-wide perspective, or pulse, on a merchant’s commerce operations across all channels. The new name supports the company’s mission, which is to breathe more life into mid-market merchants’ abilities to compete with, and win against, the world’s largest retailers. Retailers are facing threats in every direction. B2C and B2B merchants are under attack from Amazon; Wal-Mart has decimated Main Street. Brick-and-mortar stores are closing at an epic pace. According to Credit Suisse, the retail industry could suffer far more store closures this year than ever before. In this environment mid-market retailers, with revenues in the $10mm to $500mm range, are getting squeezed from all sides. Meanwhile, consumers are demanding to be served in ways unimaginable just 10 years ago. Shoppers expect to buy anywhere; pick up anywhere; and return anywhere, all with free and fast shipping. Shoppers want personalized fulfillment options, such as purchase online, choose the arrival date, modify the order via a contact center, and return the item at a store. Or pick up at one store and return at another. With margins tight, or even negative, retailers are squeezing pennies out of fulfillment and shipping, via intelligent order management, automatically choosing to ship from the fulfillment center or store closest to the consumer. The scenarios retailers must address are boundless. And it’s VERY expensive to service the modern empowered customer. Meanwhile, the traditional Order Management System (OMS) vendors, which enable these complex capabilities, offer 7-figure starting contracts combined with long and risky implementation cycles. The popular enterprise providers are focused on serving the top 100 retailers in the fight against Amazon, but are leaving thousands of large, but not-large-enough, companies behind. Enter Pulse Commerce. “We are changing the game, with our modern Order & Inventory Platform that has been purpose-built for the mid-market,” said Manish Chowdhary, Founder & CEO of Pulse Commerce. “Our cloud-based platform, equipped with rich out of the box functionality, powerful APIs and revolutionary usability, serves as the central nervous system of our clients’ commerce operations, giving a complete 360 view of all orders, customers, inventory, products, pricing and promotions across every sales and fulfillment channel at all customer touchpoints. We see Pulse Commerce as a champion for underserved mid-market retailers in the midst of ruthless competition. Our offering is designed to support growth for these retailers and can scale as their businesses grow. This provides higher ROI on their technology investment over time.” Pulse Commerce’s cloud Order and Inventory Platform creates immediate value by leveraging investments most merchants have already made in ERP, Warehouse Management, POS and front-end ecommerce systems. The OMS builds a real-time, enterprise-wide view of all orders, inventory, product catalog, promotions and customers. Detailed customer histories with deep data-driven insights are readily available to all employees to radically improve customer engagement and the brand experience, critical to protecting customer loyalty and profits. With Pulse Commerce, a merchant can easily benchmark and track each step of their operations from order-to-cash without employing an army of data scientists, quickly identify bottlenecks and take corrective actions with confidence. More efficient workflows result in smoother and leaner operations for the merchants and happier customers. CFO satisfaction increases too, with higher inventory turns, fewer returns due to inaccurate orders, and lower shipping costs enabled by intelligent order routing. Everybody wins. With Pulse Commerce, retailers can improve order accuracy up to 80%, reduce order processing time up to 25%, and optimize operational costs, leading to margin improvement of up to 20%. Manish Chowdhary added, “Our innovative software architecture and solutions provide our clients with unprecedented visibility into their operations, and is deployed in a fraction of the time of the nearest alternatives. There’s nothing more satisfying than helping a David hold its own against a thousand Goliaths! We invite all growth-minded merchants to come talk to us about industry best practices and explore how we can improve their business performance.” About Pulse Commerce Pulse Commerce is the leading cloud platform for enterprise order & inventory management empowering retail leaders with unprecedented visibility and control of inventory, orders and customers. Retailers, such as Badgley Mischka, Hanesbrands Inc., and Goode Company rely on Pulse Commerce to improve order turnaround, increase customer satisfaction, and optimize inventory control and fulfillment costs. To learn more about how Pulse Commerce can increase your business performance by 20% or more, please visit http://www.pulse-commerce.com or follow @PulseCommerce on Twitter. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Helical CT Scanner Market Consumption Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Next PostNext Graphene Wafers Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Money Morning email Latest issue Subscribe Log in Username Password Remember Me Forgotten your username/password? Having problems logging in?   Remember Me Forgotten your username/password? Having problems logging in? Remember Me Forgotten your username/password? Having problems logging in? Home Investments More in Investments Share tips Tech stocks Fintech and alternative finance Small-cap stocks Stockmarkets Emerging markets Funds Bonds Commodities Energy Gold Property Currencies Collectables and alternative investments Latest Articles Here’s what will happen to the pound after the election Are tech stocks the new Nifty Fifty? Why buying tech stocks is betting on politics (and a bad idea) Most Popular Articles Are we about to see the perfect housing market correction? The UK housing market is definitely struggling – but will it tip over into a crash? Sirius Minerals and the case for a land-value tax This could be the best news for investors so far this year Join Warren Buffett and sit on your hands The US dollar has further to fall – which is good news for markets Prices & charts More in Prices & charts Company news Financial Diary Performance tables Risers and fallers FTSE 100 FTSE 250 Dow Gold Latest Articles Why Google can’t stop investing Trouble in store for Tesco? Accounting scandal wipes 20% off BT’s shares Most Popular Articles Trouble in store for Tesco? Why Google can’t stop investing Rolls-Royce in the dock Accounting scandal wipes 20% off BT’s shares EasyJet hits turbulence Samsung’s hopes go up in flames Property More in Property Investing in property UK property US property Latest Articles The UK housing market is definitely struggling – but will it tip over into a crash? Buy your retirement home with care Steer clear of this untested Reit Most Popular Articles Are we about to see the perfect housing market correction? Old investing habits die hard How to fix the housing crisis Are house prices heading for a fall? Here are two reasons why they might be The UK housing market is definitely struggling – but will it tip over into a crash? I warned you to avoid these five trades – but how did they turn out? Gold More in Gold A beginner's guide to investing in gold How and where to buy gold coins and bars Investing in silver & other precious metals Gold price chart More investing in gold articles Latest Articles Hang on to your gold A bad week for gold – but a belter for bitcoin Why it still pays to hang on to your gold Most Popular Articles A bad week for gold – but a belter for bitcoin Hang on to your gold The best ways to invest in gold Why it still pays to hang on to your gold It’s only a matter of time before China has the biggest gold pile in the world Gold’s rally should continue Trading More in Trading Spread betting Forex trading Contracts for difference (CFDs) Share dealing Latest Articles Take charge of your money – find out which funds platform is best for you What should Selftrade investors do now? Get online – but tread carefully Most Popular Articles Where to go for investment data Why Europe needs QE – now Get online – but tread carefully What should Selftrade investors do now? Take charge of your money – find out which funds platform is best for you Which online broker is best for you? Economy More in Economy UK economy Europe's economy US economy China's economy Global economy Latest Articles Here’s what will happen to the pound after the election How to cash in on the UK’s general election by the end of this week Should you cut and run before the vote? Most Popular Articles Are we about to see the perfect housing market correction? What would happen to the pound if the Tories lose the general election? Will pensioners lose the election for Theresa May? Sirius Minerals and the case for a land-value tax Why we need another Greek crisis Rail nationalisation would be a disaster How to invest More in How to invest Investment strategies Getting started with investing Financial glossary ISA & SIPPS broker comparison table Latest Articles Are tech stocks the new Nifty Fifty? Do stock splits add up? Profit from the internet’s Magnificent Seven Most Popular Articles This could be the best news for investors so far this year Join Warren Buffett and sit on your hands What the Church of England can teach us about investing The real profits lurking in a virtual world A great way to filter out the rubbish stocks The only way for active investors to survive the passive onslaught Personal finance More in Personal finance Savings Pensions Isas Latest Articles Police probe £120m pension fraud Boost your deposit for better rates The best ways to donate to charity Most Popular Articles Sirius Minerals and the case for a land-value tax The thorny electoral problem of “the rich” When bad news on pensions is cheering Where to get £900m to spend on social care Short-changed by the state Buy your retirement home with care Blog Hot topics Merryn’s blog Donald Trump House prices Brexit General election Home > Are tech stocks the new Nifty Fifty? Are tech stocks the new Nifty Fifty? By: John Stepek 06/06/2017 Post a Comment Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Apple & Google have accounted for the US market’s strength for some time Today, we’re going to talk about overvalued stocks. We’ll start with a cautionary tale from the dim and distant past. Join me, as we journey back to the 1960s… The rise and fall of the Nifty Fifty  In the 1960s and early 1970s, the “Nifty Fifty” referred to a group of big New York-listed stocks that were viewed as safe, high-growth blue-chips that you just couldn’t go wrong with. Hence their other nickname: “one decision” stocks. Many of these stocks were indeed great companies and would stay that way –Wal-Mart being one of the best examples. Trouble is, as any good value investor will tell you, a great company alone does not make for a great investment. There’s the quality of the company – and then there’s the price you pay for it. Share prices tend to exaggerate reality, because they represent an attempt to extrapolate from the present into the future. By definition, that is never going to be an exact science, and people being people, the tendency is to imagine that tomorrow will be like today only more so. As a result, expectations are sometimes too high for good companies, and too gloomy for bad companies. You can often save money by avoiding the former and make money by buying the latter. Investors forgot all of that with these particular companies. They acted as though no price was too high. They bid them up to stratospheric price/earnings ratios (p/e – the share price divided by earnings per share). Prices got too high, and then they crashed along with the wider stockmarket in the early 1970s. As with many famous investment cautionary tales, the details are not cut and dried. For a start, no one agrees on exactly which stocks were in the Nifty Fifty, because there was never an official list (these days a Nifty Fifty exchange-traded fund would have been launched the instant the idea twinkled into a marketing man’s eye). This confusion has given rise to competing narratives. Jeremy Siegel – an academic who is basically the anti-Robert Shiller – wrote a paper in 1998 where he argued that many of the growth stocks in that era went on to justify their inflated values, particularly consumer-focused stocks such as McDonald’s, Coca-Cola and PepsiCo. In other words, if you’d bought the Nifty Fifty and just hung on, then 30 years later, you would be little worse off than if you’d bought an S&P 500 tracker fund. Problem is – according to a later paper by Jeff Fesenmaier and Gary Smith – Siegel’s version of events relies on using a Nifty Fifty list that includes several stocks that couldn’t really be said to have had massively-inflated p/e ratios by the standards of the time. Smith and Fesenmaier instead pull out a “Terrific 24” (I know, it’s not as catchy) stocks, which appear on both Siegel’s list and another that is regularly cited as the source of the Nifty Fifty. These significantly underperformed the S&P 500 over the next 30 years. These stocks are expensive – but when will they get cheap? It’s always hard to get definitive accounts of these classic bubble stories (for example, if you want to get into spoilsport myth-busting at the next dinner party you attend, you could point out that tulip mania never actually existed). But the overall point is, it’s possible even for good companies to become over-hyped and too expensive. And when people start saying that a company is a buy, no matter what, then warning bells should start ringing in your head. So what stocks look a bit like the Nifty Fifty today? It won’t surprise you when I say: the big tech players. The “FAANG” stocks – Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Apple and Google – have accounted for the US market’s strength for some time. This year, US tech stocks are up around 20% – the rest of the S&P 500 is up by just 5%, reports Tom Braithwaite in the FT. These are great companies. And they’ve been written off as over-valued many times in the past (particularly Amazon). TV streaming service Netflix does seem like the odd one out, in that it looks very vulnerable to competition (I’ve often thought of cancelling Netflix now that Amazon provides a streaming service with Prime). But that aside, they dominate their niches. However, they are starting to look a little overhyped. Their combined market value now roughly matches that of the FTSE 100. Reports Braithwaite, technology now accounts for 23% of the US index – and more than a quarter if you include Amazon. “No sector has so dominated the market since the last dot com bubble.” Meanwhile, growth stocks (which are in turn mostly tech stocks) are more highly valued relative to value stocks than they were back during that same bubble. So there are lots of signs and portents. But the question is – when will investors come to their senses and why? Higher interest rates might do it (when money stops being cheap, you demand a return on it). But it’s not at all clear how quickly we’ll see higher rates from here. More regulation might do it. But again, that’s a slow-moving process. The problem is, no one rings a bell at the top (or rather, sometimes they do – Glencore going public beautifully marked the top of the commodities bubble in 2011 – but you can’t rely on it). For example, I’d love to see someone launch a FAANG ETF, with some marvellous pseudo-scientific rationale to back up the idea. I’m not ruling it out either. But we can’t rely on it being that obvious. So this could continue for a while. The nice thing about being a private investor, though, is that you can sit it out. You don’t need to own these stocks to keep up in some sort of short-term performance relay race. So stick with cheaper stocks (I’ll make some suggestions later in the week). Of course, you might think I’m talking nonsense. And in the current issue of MoneyWeek magazine, my colleague Rupert Foster explains why he’s much more keen on tech stocks (including a couple you might be less familiar with). If you’re not already a subscriber, you can sign up here. • This article is taken from our free daily investment email, Money Morning. Sign up to Money Morning here. More from MoneyWeek KIDS' PORTFOLIO Investing for your children's long-term future is an excellent idea. But what should you buy? The Kids' Portfolio is a simple collection of four funds intended to be tucked away for 20 to 40 years. COVER STORY Amazon, Google and Facebook aren't the only winners in ecommerce and online media – savvy investors should also buy China's big four to maximise gains, says Rupert Foster. HOW TO INVEST IN GOLD Everyone should have some gold in their portfolio – if only for insurance. But how do you get hold of it? Here's how, with our 'Beginner's Guide to Investing in Gold'. Latest Most commented Here’s what will happen to the pound after the election By: John Stepek How to cash in on the UK’s general election by the end of this week By: Dominic Frisby 6 Comments Should you cut and run before the vote? By: Merryn Somerset Webb 3 Comments Are tech stocks the new Nifty Fifty? By: John Stepek We’ve already passed peak populism By: Dominic Frisby 46 Comments Sirius Minerals and the case for a land-value tax By: Merryn Somerset Webb 24 Comments Why we should pay for our own social care By: Merryn Somerset Webb 17 Comments Can Labour win the election, and what happens if it does? By: John Stepek 12 Comments LATEST ISSUE   The magnificent seven Rupert Foster on the tech firms that will conquer the world Theresa May's campaign nightmare NOT A SUBSCRIBER YET? SIGN UP HERE JOIN MONEYWEEK TODAY   Investments Share tips Stockmarkets Emerging markets Isas Pensions Funds Bonds Commodities Energy Gold Bitcoin Currencies Share dealing Alternative finance Tech stocks ... and more Economy Entrepreneurs & small businesses The MoneyWeek portfolio of investment trusts Performance tables Spread betting Forex trading Contracts for difference (CFDs) Collectables and alternative investments The basics Getting started with investing How to invest Financial glossary Online Isa & Sipp providers cost comparison table Multimedia Free Money Morning daily email Merryn’s blog Merryn Somerset Webb interviews Podcasts MoneyWeek video tutorials Spread betting video tutorials Special reports Features People in the news Book, film and theatre reviews Houses for sale Toys Travel Wine This day in history Help/ About About us Help How to ensure you receive our emails The MoneyWeek team MoneyWeek Apps Privacy & cookie policy Terms & conditions Advertising in MoneyWeek Contact us Copyright © MoneyWeek 1999-2017. All rights reserved Registered office: 2nd Floor, Crowne House, 56-58 Southwark Street, London SE1 1UN. Registered in England with company no. 04016750 and VAT no. GB 629 7287 94. MoneyWeek and Money Morning are registered trade marks. Youtube Twitter Linkedin Google + Claim 12 issues of MoneyWeek (plus much more) for just £12! Click here to take advantage of our offer Let MoneyWeek show you how to profit, whatever the outcome of the upcoming general election. Start your no-obligation trial today and get up to speed on: The latest shifts in the economy… The ongoing Brexit negotiations… The new tax rules… Trump’s protectionist policies… Plus lots more. We’ll show you what it all means for your money. Plus, the moment you begin your trial, we’ll rush you over THREE free investment reports: ‘How to escape the most hated tax in Britain’: Inheritance tax hits many unsuspecting families. Our report tells how to pass on up to £2m of your money to your family without the taxman getting a look in. ‘How to profit from a Trump presidency’: The election of Donald Trump was a watershed moment for the US economy. This report details the sectors our analysts think will boom from Trump’s premiership, and gives specific investments you can buy to profit. ‘Best shares to watch in 2017’: Includes the transcript from our roundtable panel of investment professionals – and 12 tips they’re currently tipping. The report also analyses key assets, including property, oil and the countries whose stock markets currently offer the most value. This website uses cookies to create the best user experience possible for our customers. By continuing to use our website, you confirm your consent to our use of cookies More infoOK
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air All Staff Schedule Bill Keeler Jeff Monaski Andrew Derminio Jim Ronenelli Listen Listen Live Mobile App Events Submit An Event World’s Largest Yard Sale VIP Club Sign Up Contests Contest Rules VIP Support Submit a Birthday Local Expert Contests MOM Of The Month Lovin Moments $200 Target Gift Card Amazon Echo Show Coleman 8-Person Instant Tent GoPro Hero5 Bundle iRobot Roomba 860 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner $200 Visa Gift Card Blink Home Security Camera System Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle Weather School Closings Keeler Tees for Tots Show Notes/Audio Keeler Cow Shirt Keeler Hobika Free Money Contest Contact Help & Contact Info Website Feedback Submit an Event Advertise With Us Careers Be An Event Vendor Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSSTip Us TRENDING: WIBX950 APP CNY Scoreboard World’s Largest Yard Sale This Week In The Mohawk Valley AutoTalk Utica Comets News Lottery Results School Closings & Delays Two Arrested After Leaving Child Unattended in Unlocked Car By Andrew Derminio June 6, 2017 4:56 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Herkimer Police Two adults have been arrested and charged with Endangering the Welfare of a Child after allegedly leaving a toddler in their vehicle unattended. Herkimer Police received a call on Thursday, June 1st with a report of a child left in a car in the parking lot of the Herkimer Wal-Mart. When police arrived, they found that the child was alone in the vehicle with the doors unlocked. While police were waiting by the vehicle 66-year-old Sergey Kolevatov and 34-year-old Agniya Kolevatov approached officers. Sergey told police that he went in to buy a few items and Agniya claimed she had to use the restroom. Because of the events that transpired, police arrested Sergey and Agniya of Jordanville, NY. The two were processed and released. They will appear in Village Court on a later date. Poland Woman Charged With Welfare Fraud Filed Under: endangering the welfare of a child | herkimer police Category: Utica-Rome News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best Of WIBX950 Congresswoman Claudia Tenney Announces Four Mobile Office Hour Locations Little Falls Teacher Files Notice of Claim Against School District Remembrance Ceremony Held For Kurt Wyman Utica To Refinance Bonds, Save Over $850,000 Recommended For You ZergNet Best Of The Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts and Reporters Keeler in the Morning Jeff Monaski Andrew Derminio Jim Rondenelli All Hosts and Reporters WIBX on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Latest from WIBX Identity Of Suspect In Toddler’s Hit-And-Run Death Released June 8, 2017 Congresswoman Claudia Tenney Announces Four Mobile Office Hour Locations June 8, 2017 Man Pleads Guilty To Manslaughter As Jury Selection Begins June 8, 2017 Little Falls Teacher Files Notice of Claim Against School District June 7, 2017 Fossil Fuel Industry Pushes Back Against Divestment In NY June 7, 2017 WIBX's Daily Deal $25 Certificate for Edible Arrangements Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Utica Business Listings Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wibx950.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB Register Now Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive IBX INCENTIVE CLUB contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: WIBX 950 Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.06.17 moving the needle This Skater Bro Turned Apple Music Mogul Has Big Plans For LVMH With LVMH’s new retail site, chief digital officer Ian Rogers wants to translate the tricky art of selling luxury products into an online experience. [Photos: courtesy of 24 Sèvres] By Elizabeth Segran8 minute Read Two years ago, when Ian Rogers became LVMH’s chief digital officer, his good friend Mike D (of Beastie Boys fame) pointed out that Rogers’s fashion sense seemed to be inspired largely by Jay Z. “That was his version of saying, ‘You’re not the most fashionable guy I know,'” Rogers tells me, with a smile. advertisement In some ways, Rogers isn’t the most obvious person to reimagine LVMH for the modern shopper. While the 45 year old spends his workdays in the plush, beautifully furnished Paris offices of the world’s largest luxury conglomerate–which counts Christian Dior, Louis Vuitton, and Givenchy among its 70 brands–he often thinks back to humbler times. He spent his teenage years in Goshen, Indiana, crisscrossing the concrete on his skateboard, wearing baggy Carhartt and Dickie’s clothes purchased from Walmart. “We were literally dressed like janitors,” Rogers recalls. Ian Rogers But what Rogers lacks in haute couture experience, he makes up with a proven talent for helping industries transition from the analog world to a digital one. For 21 years, he worked in the music industry, helping to shape how people accessed artists and bands online. Along those same lines, he’s now tasked with translating the in-store luxury shopping experience for the internet. For months Rogers has been working on a top-secret project, known only by the code name Babylon. Today, LVMH is revealing the fruits of his labor with the launch of 24 Sèvres, an online version of the high-end 180-year-old Parisian department store Le Bon Marché. This new e-commerce operation will be LVMH’s opportunity to experiment with new approaches to selling luxury to the digital shopper. Le Bon Marché is owned by LVMH, so this will be the only place that some brands within the portfolio, such as Dior and Vuitton, will be sold by a multi-brand online store. But 24 Sèvres will also include many brands that are not owned by LVMH. While Rogers has been helping strategize how this site will unfold, he’s been working closely with Eric Goguey, the site’s CEO, who runs its day-to-day operations. LVMH’s CEO, Bernard Arnault, brought Rogers on because there is a feeling at the company that the $1.2 trillion luxury fashion industry is on the verge of major disruption. At present, 98% of luxury purchases happen in brick-and-mortar stores, and 40% of luxury brands don’t sell their products online at all. But consumer behavior appears to be shifting. Between 2003 and 2016, online luxury sales grew 20-fold. And the pace of change is quickening: In 2016 alone, the online luxury goods market grew by 13%, far outpacing the rest of the luxury goods market, which only grew by 4%. “Retail is about to change fundamentally, in much the same way that music changed,” Rogers says. The 24 Sèvres app. [Photo: courtesy of 24 Sèvres]He would know. For 21 years, he helped make it easier for music fans to access their favorite artists, transitioning from CDs to MP3s to streaming services. Each twist changed the way consumers discovered music and how much they were willing to pay for it. He ran the Beastie Boys website right out of computer science grad school, then moved onto Yahoo Music, then Beats Music, which was acquired by Apple for $3 billion. Before joining LVMH, he was a senior director at Apple Music. “The way that that music is discovered and consumed is 100% different than it was 20 years ago,” Rogers says. “Retail is going to go through exactly the same thing.” Luxury Love Is A Tricky Thing It’s clear that a segment of luxury shoppers–particularly younger ones–want to buy products online. But luxury brands have struggled to figure out exactly how to translate the brick-and-mortar luxury experience online. At stores, shoppers receive personalized attention from well-trained staff and they can touch products to examine how well-crafted they are. The same level of intimacy, personalization, and service is not easy to replicate in an e-commerce experience. Case in point: In 2009, LVMH launched a website called e-Luxury that was a spectacular failure. Customers found the site boring and the service subpar, and international shoppers were annoyed by the fact that the company wouldn’t ship outside the U.S. Other luxury e-commerce sites, like Net-a-Porter and FarFetch, quickly stepped in to fill the gap, taking an editorial approach to presenting brands and collections. Every week on Net-A-Porter, for instance, clothes and accessories are presented in an online magazine called The Edit with written commentary about how to style each item, alongside celebrity interviews and lifestyle content like information about detox retreats. advertisement Le Bon Marché. [Photo: DR/Le Bon Marché]LVMH believes it’s time for a fresh different approach. “Everybody is doing what Natalie Massenet [Net-a-Porter’s founder] pioneered in 1999, which was editorial plus commerce,” Rogers says. “But the internet has grown into a visual medium. So I really believe that the future of luxury e-commerce has not yet been invented.” Away from LVMH’s headquarters, where executives all wear the finest tailored suits and cashmere blend jackets, the employees of 24 Sèvres are coming up with new approaches to selling luxury online in an open-plan office that looks like it belongs to a Silicon Valley startup. This workforce is a good deal younger and more global than the one at the parent company, and most people joined the team in the last six months. “This is quite new for LVMH,” Eric Goguey tells me. “Our development process is very agile, so what is true on Monday might not be true on Wednesday. You have people here wearing shorts, whereas you will never ever ever see someone at Le Bon Marché wearing shorts.” [Photo: courtesy of 24 Sèvres] A Visual Experience With 24 Sèvres, Rogers and Goguey have pushed for the site to offer customers a rich viewing experience, inspired by the most immersive visual social media sites–Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat, and the like. Le Bon Marché is known for its elaborate in-store displays. The store often invites artists to create vast exhibits in the building’s central hall. Ai Wei Wei, for instance, installed enormous monster sculptures that appeared to be floating in midair. This artwork gives people a reason to stop by the store and elevates the space beyond the everyday shopping experience. 24 Sèvres will bring a similar approach to the website. Artists and designers will be invited to create interactive digital storytelling displays about some sort of topic, such as castles or animals. The images will change each month, so customers will want to return to the site. Some of this art will incorporate products, but much of it will just be aesthetically pleasing. This is a trick that Instagram bloggers discovered long ago: By leading with gorgeous imagery, rather than just product suggestions, followers will want to spend time in the online world that they’ve created. “We’ve created a canvas, if you will, which we call the ‘window,'” Rogers explains. “In the real world, visual merchandising for Vuitton and Dior is an art installation. It’s not commerce or marketing; it’s just an expression of the brand.” Eric Goguey Goguey explains that 24 Sèvres will tap into the talent that is involved with creating the physical windows for the brands within the LVMH portfolio, including Faye McLeod, Louis Vuitton’s visual image director. “We have access to crazy creative people who have this expertise,” says Goguey. “24 Sèvres is a fascinating marriage between the geeks and the creatives.” The site will also take a different approach to how the products are displayed. In most luxury e-commerce, each item is generally shot against a white background with a couple of model shots, much like Amazon or any other retailer. But in stores, products are presented in a lush ambiance. (Think of those high-end watches that are displayed on velvet stands in gleaming glass cases.) 24 Sèvres will take a similar approach, photographing products against colorful, textured backgrounds. All of this is designed to present products within a broader luxury brand experience. “It’s an artistic vision,” Goguey says. “We’re always using props, whether it’s a stone or wood, that puts the product in context. It’s what we do in a store, but translated into a digital medium, meaning we’re taking the same creativity and playing around with it online.” The brand will also try to take an elevated approach to service. Besides the things that customers have come to expect online–plenty of exclusive products, fast shipping to 70 countries, free returns, easy pickups in stores, a loyalty program–24 Sèvres will also have live assistants on hand to help with styling or product selection. “From the app, you click to talk to a stylist and, boom, you get a real Parisian woman who can walk you through the site and help you pick something out in a way that is very similar to what you would have in store.” advertisement [Photo: courtesy of 24 Sèvres]For now, none of this is set in stone. Goguey and Rogers say 24 Sèvres is going to continue to experiment with new approaches and tweak the format as time goes on. But this kind of iterative approach is exactly what has kept traditional high fashion houses away from the internet for so long, particularly when it comes to multi-brand e-commerce sites. “Each one of these brands has a unique DNA and they want to be sure that the service that we are going to offer is in line with the quality of the products they are selling,” Goguey explains. “We’ve been working closely with the brands to offer a much better expression of each brand’s identity than they can get anywhere else online.” The prospect of tinkering with a brand’s image online can feel frightening to brands that have been carefully cultivating their identities for decades–if not centuries. They don’t want to lose their exclusivity, status, and prestige with a few unfortunate missteps in the digital realm. Rogers has been working to make the case that their reputations will not disintegrate on the internet. “Online doesn’t change exclusivity at all,” he says. “Anybody can walk into Bloomingdales and Vuitton–that experience is not only available to some people. The price point of the products and the limited editions means that the brands are only available to some people.” What’s changed, Rogers argues, is that luxury culture used to only exist in big cities, but now “even if you live in small-town Indiana, where I grew up, you can buy a Louis Vuitton handbag online, the same way as anybody else.” About the author Elizabeth Segran, Ph.D., is a staff writer at Fast Company. She lives in Cambridge, Massachusetts. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Technology This Time, Evernote Consulted Its Users Before Revising Its Privacy Policy Technology 9 Questions That Need To Be Answered At James Comey’s Senate Hearing Technology Spotify’s Plan To Win Over Anxious Artists–And Win The Streaming War advertisement Video How To Do Business Like Tony Soprano How Malia Obama Changed The Conversation Around Taking A Gap Year Here's What You'll Need To Succeed In Google's Lunar XPrize Competition Why Eataly is Passionate About Offering Classes That Don’t Bring Home The Bacon Grindr is Now More Than A Gay Hookup App What You Need To Know From Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Equinox's LGBTQA Film Is A New Kind of Marketing Authenticity Facebook Has Been Trying To Combat Its Fake News Problem--But Is It Doing Enough? This App Can Help You Prep For That Next Big Presentation How This Google Employee Transformed His Career During A Bad Job Market How The Art World Could Influence Political Opinions Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Could Be A Huge Blow To The U.S. Economy Meet The Man (And Network) Behind Your Favorite TV Shows Kushner Ties Could Deter Tenants From Brooklyn's Iconic Watchtower Property Why Uber Might Owe You Money Ideas Ideas Democrats Believe In Starbucks, Republicans Believe In Exxon Ideas 120 Mayors On The Issues Facing Urban America Ideas Trump Says The Paris Agreement Is Bad For Business, Business Says Nope Entertainment Entertainment Nike Made Branded Bandages To Fight A Sports Injury Stigma In China Entertainment SickKids Celebrates Father’s Day With A Sweet Story Of One Tough Dad Entertainment What It’s Like To Write Stand-Up–Good And Bad–For “I’m Dying Up Here” Co.Design Graphics Visualizing The World’s Deadliest Computer Virus Spaces At Ai Weiwei’s Unnerving New Installation, The Art Spies On You Product Meet Framer, The Prototyping Tool Used By Google, Facebook, And Uber Fast Company Leadership Lessons From The Epic Rise And Fall Of The Facebook Of The 1990s Technology This Time, Evernote Consulted Its Users Before Revising Its Privacy Policy Technology 9 Questions That Need To Be Answered At James Comey’s Senate Hearing Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Weather Subscribe subscribe Site Site Archive Tuesday Morning by Jessica Weston: Grand Openings Tuesday Jun 6, 2017 at 12:01 AM Does anyone else remember when the Ridgecrest McDonald's held its grand opening? I am going off memory, so my details may be imprecise. It was the early 1970s, and it was the most exciting thing to happen here since “Jaws” played at the old station theater. How big a deal was it? Well, the manager gave tours of the facility. I know because my girl scout troop took one. “Fast food” was kind of a new concept and everyone was fascinated with how it was prepared. A neatly garbed employee explained the precision timing involved, and the high standards the franchise said they held to. Fries, for example, were supposedly thrown away after so many minutes if they were not served to ensure they were always fresh. Lots of automatic timers seemed to be involved. I was impressed.  Everyone involved seemed so excited to be part of a new modern enterprise, and the sense of excitement transmitted itself to the community in general. I can remember the line of cars all the way up the Burroughs access road. I can also remember the excitement over Mervyn's and the first Walmart. A particularly good memory is when the new (then five-screen) movie theater opened in the Triangle. The city had been without an indoor movie theater for some time and this was a most welcome development. It also seemed to get the movies faster than the old theater did. I can still remember my delight and wonder when “St. Elmo's Fire” opened the same day in Ridgecrest that it did everywhere else. It was the summer of 1985 and I knew we were on the map then. It is hard to explain to an outsider (or a younger person) just how exciting these events were. I have tried. Ridgecrest usually seemed like a safe, friendly place to live. But it was really isolated back then. And each new business tipped the balance a little more in the worldly direction, without taking away from the small-town friendliness. Or that is how it seemed to me anyway. I was reminded of all this when I went to the Tractor Supply Co. grand opening Saturday. It was so much fun. I actually covered the soft opening awhile ago, and even took pictures of cute dogs getting baths. But the Grand Opening was a bigger deal. As befitting a store that tailors to the rural crowd, the entire back area, also known as “the yard,” was full of rescue animals. Well-behaved pit bulls sat in their pens and watched the crowd with interest as cages full of adorable kittens seemed less sure they wanted to have so many dogs close by. I watched a touching scene as a man was reunited with a dog he had fostered. The dog remembered him and the two had an emotional reunion. (See pictures of event elsewhere.) Then there were the cupcakes and the tables with pet rescue information and of course the sales and deals. It was exciting. Of course with every new store, one hopes it does not take business away from other stores in the area, but rather draws in visitors from the larger area — a win-win for Ridgecrest. I am no economist but I hope Tractor Supply does this. I can picture that whole side of town becoming sort of a shopping mecca for out-of-towners. I hope so. The more sales tax we can keep in town the better. Now, can someone please see about getting us a Target? — Jessica Weston is city editor at the Daily Independent. Contact her at jweston@ridgecrestca.com •• The views expressed are those of the columnist and do not necessarily represent the official stance of the Daily Independent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile E-Edition RSS Feeds Contact Us Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special Sections 2017 Memorial Day 2017 Salute Nurses 2017 Create An Ad The Presidency Apr 2017 East Kern 2017 Lifestyles 2017 Bracket Buster 2017 Home Show 2017 Medical How to 2017 How To Guide 2017 IWVEOC Program 2017 Baby Keepsake 2017 More Grads 2017 Grad Keepsake Jan 2017 East Kern Pearl Harbor Tab Pearl Harbor - Local Small Business Sat Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV RACVB Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 HD Med Directory More Photos Videos Weather Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Already under pressure, Ivanka Trump's brand faces a new challenge Business Jim Zarroli · NPR · Jun 1, 2017 Hua Haifeng, shown in a 2016 photo, was arrested after investigating conditions at a Chinese factory that makes Ivanka Trump shoes. AP When a Bangladeshi factory building collapsed in 2013, killing more than 1,100 people, big-name retailers from Europe and North America suddenly found themselves facing a crisis that threatened their carefully tended public images. It was a problem not unlike that faced by Ivanka Trump this week, when a trio of activists disappeared while investigating working conditions at a Chinese factory where her company manufactures shoes. Both incidents underscore the fact that in a global economy, problems that companies create in far-off places have a tendency to find their way back home. The activists who disappeared worked for China Labor Watch, a nongovernmental organization that has been monitoring labor conditions in the country for years. Hua Haifeng was arrested by the Chinese government; no word has been received about the fate of the others, but the head of the organization says he assumes they also are being held by security officials. Trump's brand is only one of the retailers that sell products made in the plant, but her unique position as the daughter of the U.S. president has raised questions about the motivations of Chinese officials. The disappearances also add to the pressure on Trump's brand, which has been subject to a lengthy consumer boycott. Several major retailers, including Nordstrom, have dropped her products from their shelves. Embarrassing revelations about working conditions in factories in the developing world are nothing new, retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen notes. Nike, Apple and Walmart have endured shocking headlines about long hours, dangerous environments and abusive situations at their factories in the developing world. But, Kniffen adds, "we've ... never had anybody who was that high-profile and that close to an extraordinarily controversial figure trying to build a brand." Such scandals have usually blown over pretty quickly, with no discernible impact on the company's sales, Kniffen says. Consumers may not love the idea of sweatshop conditions, but they love cheap products. But consumer behavior could be changing, in part because social media create a platform to publicize the worst abuses, says Allen Adamson, founder of BrandSimple Consulting. "There's a growing and large group of consumers that want to vote with their pocketbook or their wallet, and if the company is not behaving in a way that they consider fair or right, they're very quick to switch their purchase behavior," he says. Not everybody shares that view, Adamson notes, "but it's a growing group — particularly younger, millennial consumers, people who are very passionate about the issues." Scott Nova, executive director of the Worker Rights Consortium, says there is no question that scandals over workplace conditions matter to companies. "The brands certainly believe that it can damage the company's image. That's why they have elaborate social responsibility programs designed to insulate them from reputational damage related to the working conditions in the factories they use," Nova says. "Unfortunately, brands and retailers have been much better at the public relations aspect of this issue — creating the impression that they're making an effort to address labor rights issues in their supply chain, thus burnishing their own reputation, but making very little in the way of practical changes in wages and conditions in the factories," he says. After the Bangladeshi disaster, many European retailers signed on to an accord on factory and building safety. Major American companies formed a separate agreement that worker safety advocates criticized as less effective. Still, the fact that retailers felt compelled to do something in the wake of the tragedy underscores how much is at stake for Ivanka Trump, he says. "With Ivanka Trump's brand, as with any brand, when consumers hear reports that the products are made in factories with abusive conditions, that hurts the brand," Nova says. "If consumers are reading credible reports that investigators [who are] simply trying to find out what kinds of conditions exist in those factories are being persecuted by the Chinese authorities, that has to hurt the brand." Copyright 2017 NPR. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous The prescription for better health outcomes: listening 2 days ago Next 'Pink slime' trial begins 2 days ago Broadcast dates MPR News Update 2:56 PM · Jun 1, 2017 Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read The $1bn hostage deal that enraged Qatar’s Gulf rivals EU negotiators steeled for post-election Brexit crisis Trump points finger at Qatar over terror financing Trump scandals are worse than Watergate, Clapper says Qatar counts economic cost of its Gulf rivals’ anger US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Trump scandals are worse than Watergate, Clapper says Donald Trump’s bad judgment on the Paris accord Investor doubts about Trump agenda weigh on dollar US falling behind in energy technology, say generals Canada to make ‘substantial’ boost to military spending Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Emirates president pledges to ‘tough it out’ as airline struggles Santander takes over ‘failing’ rival Banco Popular after EU steps in ‘New and improved’ products drive sales, but sometimes in reverse The Danube Valley: central Europe’s answer to Silicon Valley Noble Group’s banks poised to decide trading house’s fate Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read UK election night watchlist for the pound, FTSE 100 and gilts How Britain and France’s economies match up Noble Group’s banks poised to decide trading house’s fate Investor doubts about Trump agenda weigh on dollar Five markets charts that matter for investors Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read The rise and fall of maverick Qatar Qatar pays the price for betting on the Brotherhood Israel Inc: a nation’s calling card helps it defy isolation UK Election Countdown: If . . . Donald Trump’s bad judgment on the Paris accord Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read FT business books of the month: June edition Chatri Sityodtong: Harvard graduate turned Asia’s king of martial arts How Goldman changed its ways to boost women at the top Bringing up baby in the office The “gig economy” is not an innovation Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump Inside 24 Sèvres: LVMH opens its first multi-brand internet store Green streets: can cities take the lead on climate change? Has science cracked the peanut allergy? Six homes in remote places for buyers seeking maximum privacy Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Special Report Understanding Entrepreneurs Explore the whole Special Report Currently reading: Entrepreneurial hubs spring up in small towns and cyber space European entrepreneurs learn to count the cost of Brexit Jacques-Antoine Granjon has grand designs for Vente-Privee ‘Hyperactive’ self-publicist builds opticians empire from Mexico Immigrant entrepreneurs in the US wait for Trump’s next move Bad advice for business owners can prove costly Sometimes the best thing a founder can do is sell out See all 13 stories Tech start-ups Add to myFT Entrepreneurial hubs spring up in small towns and cyber space Big cities offer critical mass, but can also be prohibitive Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save June 6, 2017 by: Andy Bounds Location is one of the most discussed topics in entrepreneurship. Governments send representatives to visit Silicon Valley hoping they learn lessons on how to establish successful hubs in their own countries; city councils turn buildings over to incubators in an attempt to start tech revolutions in their own backyards. Big cities remain the drivers of most economic growth and their critical mass helps attract workers, investors and entrepreneurs. Every year the Kauffman Foundation, a think-tank on entrepreneurship, produces the Kauffman Index ranking US areas for start-up activity, based on several indicators. Less traditional start-up cities are gaining ground on places like New York, San Francisco and Chicago, the index indicated. The five metropolitan areas with the most start-ups per 1,000 companies in 2016 were Las Vegas (120.7), Miami (107.8), Orlando (105.5), Austin (104.5) and St Louis (96.7), although New York was seventh in the broader ranking which take other criteria into account. “If you have the same information costs and a lower cost of operating all you need is the talent. And the talent is starting to move because people cannot afford to be in Silicon Valley,” says Victor Hwang, Kauffman’s vice-president of entrepreneurship. The foundation reported that overall start-up activity had picked up slightly in 2016, marking a three-year upward trend and reaching levels that have not been recorded since 1996. “There is a growth in start ups and much of it is taking place outside the metro areas on the coast. The internet has created a level playing field for information,” says Mr Hwang. Smaller towns can have advantages and offer inspiring models. Sam Walton, for example, picked Bentonville in Arkansas because his wife Helen wanted to raise children outside a metropolis. Bentonville also offered him a great chance to indulge his other passion — hunting. So he opened a dime store there and started an expansion programme which led ultimately to the establishment of Walmart, the world’s largest offline retailer, which is still headquartered in the quiet town. There are less idiosyncratic reasons to choose a small town. Rents are usually cheaper. Staff, if you can find them, tend to be more loyal because there have fewer options, and the lifestyle may be better. The attractions of smaller towns have influenced some contestants in EY’s World Entrepreneur of the Year awards. Petr Chmela, this year’s country winner from the Czech Republic, founded Tescoma 25 years ago in his hometown of Zlín, 300km east of Prague. His original aim was to make money to buy instruments for his band. But Tescoma gradually grew to become an international brand of kitchen equipment. He says Zlín, an industrial city of 75,000, provides many good graduates from its design school. It was also where the Bata shoe empire was born. “We have no reason to change our location. We are patriots and, in the same way as Tomáš Baťa [Bata’s founder], who was a successful local industrialist and person with great empathy with his fellow human beings, we keep developing our international creative and business potential from this city.” He says keeping most things in-house and in the city helps speedy decision-making. Tescoma employs more than 530 people and made sales of about $95m in 2016. “If a person works with diligence and passion, he can succeed anywhere in the world,” says Mr Chmela. Lucy-Rose Walker, Entrepreneurial Spark, Cardiff Lucy-Rose Walker, chief executive of UK-based Entrepreneurial Spark, which claims to be the world’s largest free business accelerator, agrees. The company started as an arm of government three years ago, is now mainly funded by NatWest, the bank, and has expanded to 13 towns and cities across the UK. Scottish local authorities including Glasgow and Edinburgh wanted to generate economic activity in poorer areas hit by the decline of shipbuilding and other traditional work, and Entrepreneurial Spark set up hubs there. Businesses that are accepted on the programme receive 12-18 months of free support. It has worked with 1,700 businesses across the UK since it started operating in 2012 and helped them create 3,152 jobs and attract £151m in investment. Ms Walker believes the internet can help turn anywhere into a hub. Entrepreneurial Spark recently worked with Highland and Islands council, which covers the sparsely populated north of Scotland out of Inverness, its biggest town with a population of 50,000. “We didn’t think there were enough people around Inverness to fill an accelerator, so we built a virtual one. We still got people together a few times and they did the rest online. There is a real entrepreneurial spirit there because there is little other work. People were flying in from the islands.” It has deployed the same model in Portsmouth on the south coast of England. But Mr Hwang is not convinced hubs can be artificially created. “Top-down tools are not as effective as bottom-up tools. Policymakers such as mayors are often playing catch-up,” he says. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save READ MORE European entrepreneurs learn to count the cost of Brexit Explore the Special Report About this Special Report What makes a good location for a start-up? How can entrepreneurs be sure they are getting good advice? Is it better to sell out or to establish a family business? With tips from successful business leaders, we consider many of the problems entrepreneurs face in a week-long series of reports and videos Currently reading: Entrepreneurial hubs spring up in small towns and cyber space European entrepreneurs learn to count the cost of Brexit Jacques-Antoine Granjon has grand designs for Vente-Privee ‘Hyperactive’ self-publicist builds opticians empire from Mexico Immigrant entrepreneurs in the US wait for Trump’s next move Bad advice for business owners can prove costly Sometimes the best thing a founder can do is sell out See all 13 stories Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks UK Secondary Schools Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from Montgomery Inmate story prompts arrest of man accused of strangling woman, dumping body in well Updated on June 5, 2017 at 11:05 PM Posted on June 5, 2017 at 10:40 PM By Jonece Starr Dunigan jdunigan@al.com   What appeared to be the bizarre story from an Elmore County Jail inmate led to the arrest of a man who allegedly strangled a woman and dumped her body in a well. David Helms, 41, was charged Monday with murder in the death of 59-year-old Jane Huddleston. The woman's body was found after 9:30 a.m. in a 6-foot well, which was on the victim's property located in the 7900 block of Highway 14 near Tallassee. Elmore County Sheriff Bill Franklin said Helms and Huddleston were living together, but were not in a relationship. At 8 a.m., an inmate told authorities that another inmate, who turned out to be Helms, confessed to strangling a woman and placing her body in a well. Helms was jailed Friday for shoplifting from Walmart and was recently released. Franklin, who went to school with the victim, called Huddleston's husband and asked if he had heard from Huddleston lately. The husband, who no longer lives with the victim, said no. After attempting to contact Huddleston without success, the victim's husband asked Franklin to do a welfare check. Franklin said he has been to Huddleston' s property before for several drug-related offenses, particularly dealing with narcotics. When police arrived at her home, he spotted Helms and asked him where Huddleston was located. Franklin said Helms told authorities he hasn't seen Huddleston since Saturday. At that point, another male came out of the home. Franklin recognized the second male from previous drug-related encounters. As Helms was talking to other investigators, the second male told Franklin the same story the inmate told authorities earlier: that Helms got in an argument with Huddleston, strangled her and threw her in the well. Authorities took both Helms and the other male to the sheriff's office to make their statements. During this time, investigators went to the well. Franklin said he smelled something about five feet away from the well. "I knew that wasn't good," Franklin said. "Sure enough, I looked down and I could see the body of a submerged female face down in the water." After the body was recovered from the well, authorities noticed what looked like a dog collar around Huddleston's neck. Her body was taken to Alabama Department of Forensics for an autopsy. Franklin said he is not sure if the collar was used to choke the victim. The body was taken to forensics to determine an accurate cause of death. "Whether the dog leash was used to chock her or drag her, we don't know," Franklin said. "We are hoping forensics will shed some light on that."   A search warrant was issued to investigate the home. Franklin did not disclose what investigators found during the search. Authorities are still trying to put together a proper timeline of Huddleston's death. Authorities contacted the victim's daughter who said no one in the family has spoken Huddleston since Thursday. Franklin also said Helms was placed in jail on the shoplifting charge on Friday. About an hour after Friday's arrest, Helms tried unsuccessfully to escape a room by breaking a window. He received additional charges of second-degree criminal mischief and attempt to escape for that incident. Now he is back in jail, but this time for murder. His bond will be set by a judge Tuesday morning. Franklin said the victim was addicted to narcotics and that it was sad to see someone he knew for almost 40 years dead. "The common thread here is narcotics," Franklin said. "That's the thread in all this. If you eliminate that from the equation, we don't have this happening."   View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Family finds clay-like material inside Apple Watch box Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=2067553" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Family looking for answers after clay found in Apple Watch box, Steven Romo reports. KTRK Monday, June 05, 2017 10:29PM PASADENA, Texas (KTRK) -- Instead of a new Apple Watch, a local family said they found globs of a clay-like material pressed into the sealed box. The product was sold at a nearby Walmart store and managers there said they won't take it back or give a refund. Instead, they suggested the family contact the manufacturer. Sergio Gonzalez said he's the one who opened the Apple Watch box Sunday night. He was helping his little sister set it up when they found an unexpected toy surprise. "So I'm like, 'Whoa, what the heck?' I pull it out, and it's PlayDoh," he said. They showed ABC13 several clumps of brightly colored, plastic-wrapped clay. Their mother tried returning the box to the Walmart on Shaver Street where she bought it, but ran into a problem. "They're saying they don't want to give her the money back," Gonzalez said. Walmart said in a written statement, "It's unfortunate our customer had a negative experience. We've examined surveillance video to make sure proper security measures were followed and must refer the customer to the product manufacturer." The family said they believe Walmart sold it, so Walmart should make it right. "They're saying contact Apple. It's their problem. We bought it from Walmart," Gonzalez said. ABC13 reached out to Apple, but the company has not yet commented on the problem. The family is hoping Apple will make it right. In the meantime, they have some advice for the store. "I hope they go do inventory on all their products and make sure everything's in there," Gonzalez said. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newsappleapple watchwalmartPasadena Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Houston bars opening early for Comey testimony watch parties Looking back at 7 of history's most notable Congressional hearings and testimonies Live updates: Former FBI Director Comey testifies on Capitol Hill Comey to testify before Senate panel in 1st public remarks since firing Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway More News Top Stories Houston bars opening early for Comey testimony watch parties James Comey timeline: From Clinton email scandal to Russia 8 things to do with your best friend in Houston Celebrate World Oceans Day by protecting coral reefs Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway Police: Thieves wanted in Home Depot crime spree Happy Birthday, Barbara Bush: A treasured love story Show More Cheetos comes out with new flamin' hot flavor Dozens of employers come together for veteran job fair Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Child strangulation risk prompts safety gate recall Stolen backhoe used in attempted ATM burglary More News Top Video Cheetos comes out with new flamin' hot flavor Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway Stolen backhoe used in attempted ATM burglary More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Suburbs Elgin Courier-News Elgin News Firefighters assist in search at Algonquin dam, miss Elgin ceremony Elgin Fire Department Elgin Firefighters Wayne Smith and Randy Friese work the Algonquin dam Friday as they clear debris and help look for a man who drowned Thursday. The two firefighters had been scheduled to participate in the annual memorial service of two Elgin firefighters who drowned at the Kimball Street dam in 1974. Elgin Firefighters Wayne Smith and Randy Friese work the Algonquin dam Friday as they clear debris and help look for a man who drowned Thursday. The two firefighters had been scheduled to participate in the annual memorial service of two Elgin firefighters who drowned at the Kimball Street dam in 1974. (Elgin Fire Department) Janelle WalkerElgin Courier-News Privacy Policy Elgin Fire Lt. Wayne Smith, who leads the department's water rescue operations, was planning to participate Friday in the annual remembrance of two firefighters who drowned in Elgin in 1974. Instead, Smith and others were in Algonquin, searching for the body of a man who had jumped into the river and drowned in that town the night before. The June 2, 1974, deaths of Elgin firefighters Michael Whalen, 25, and Stan Balsis, 45, shaped how Elgin trained and equipped its firefighter/rescue squads for events on the Fox River, Smith said. That equipment includes the dam rescue raft now used by the Elgin department for getting under the Kimball Street dam those firefighters died in — the same raft used Friday in Algonquin. It is the only such raft still used in the U.S., said Batallion Chief Terry Bruce. Larry Judkins, a retired Elgin firefighter, vividly remembers the day Whalen and Balsis died. He is one of five former Elgin firefighters who were there that day, Judkins said. Back then, Judkins said, the only water training firefighters had was in two old aluminum boats, and they learned how to scour the river to recover a body — not to save a person in distress. "We had two 14-foot aluminum fishing boats with a motor on the back," and both were stored in a double-decker trailer pulled by a 1946 Ford panel truck, he said. "It took several guys to launch these and we didn't back them into the the water either. We had to park by the water, it took four guys to lift the bottom boat out, then take down the ramp for the upper boat to launch," he said. At 5:01 p.m. that day, firefighters were called out for the report of a teenager in a rubber raft — "the kind you can buy at Wal-Mart for $30," Judkins said — who had gone over the dam and was now caught in the boil. The boil under the damn is a vortex of swirling water, pulling anything down into it and spinning it until it either spits it out or is pulled low enough for the water below the boil to catch it, Bruce said. The Kimball Street dam is higher than some of the other dams between Algonquin and South Elgin, Smith said. During dry spells — and often by the end of the summer — the water is low enough and calm enough to allow anglers to walk across the face of the dam. But in the spring and in wet years, the dam is a dangerous place, he said. As Judkins remembers, Whalen and Balsis launched one of the aluminum boats from the old Gail Borden Public Library parking lot. Another firefighter was on the boat at first, but the motor for the second boat wouldn't kick in. That firefighter got out to work on the engine, and Balsis got in. They two men headed the boat toward the dam, but were pulled into the boil themselves — capsizing the boat and putting the two men into the water. The young man they'd gone in to rescue was able to grab onto the boat and he was kicked out of the boil, Judkins said. Whalen followed and was taken to the hospital but was dead on arrival. Judkins wasn't there at the start of the rescue, he said, but was sent down with extra rope in an attempt to save Balsis. They tried for 45 minutes to get a rope to the man, who was now clinging to the partially-deflated rubber raft. He was unable to catch the rope but eventually was pulled under. His body was later recovered, Judkins said. He remembers the boil looking "like one of those front-load washing machines" for the way it tumbled the firefighters, he added. Judkins said it was a scene that he will never forget. A few years later, when Elgin purchased its first raft designed to go into the boils, Judkins was on it for training and it pulled straight into that boil. "I was one of the first ones that went into the damn on that … I was scared to death. We drove it right into the dam," and were able to get back out again. "That built my confidence in it," Judkins said. The current rescue raft is now 17 years old and has had its share of repairs, Smith said. After a winter rescue attempt in South Elgin, plastic sheathing on the pontoons had to be replaced, and the pontoons themselves have been patched over the years. But no one is manufacturing a platform like it any more. While there are other pontoons made for pulling into a low-head dam like the ones on the Fox River, he doesn't believe they are as stable as the one they have now, Smith added. There have been other changes to the water rescue and dive teams since Smith came on the department in 1994, he added. Then, there were 14 trained divers on the department. But as training has become more specialized and expensive, there are now eight on the team. At least one is usually on duty, but that can vary, he said. Smith keeps a close eye on the river. He gets daily emails from the Department of Natural Resources that log the depth and the speed of the water from the McHenry lock to South Elgin. He has also found grants to place warning signs under the Kimball Street bridge, has painted water level markers on the dam's walls, and helped find the grant to place life saver rings on Elgin's bridges. In his year on the dive team, Smith said he's probably pulled into the dam's boil — either for training or rescues — about 20 times. "Every time it is just as scary," he said. There are other precautions to make sure that if the rescue raft goes into the boil it can come out again. There are two hooks embedded in Walton Islands, facing the damn, that the boat is tied to. If the water's pull is too strong for firefighters to pull the boat back out, the ropes can be hitched to a truck to pull the boat free. Janelle Walker is a freelance reporter for The Courier-News. Copyright © 2017, Elgin Courier-News Elgin Cubs donate $90,000 of equipment to Chicago Little Leagues First look inside DePaul's Wintrust Arena Superintendent Johnson praises former teacher upon retirement Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 67°
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 7 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jun 7, 2017 | 1:03am EDT PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 7 June 7 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. - Anthem Inc said it will pull out of the health-insurance exchange in Ohio next year, leaving a second region of the country poised to have no marketplace options under the Affordable Care Act and increasing pressure on Republicans as they seek to replace it. on.wsj.com/2rzwAhk - Uber Technologies Inc has fired more than 20 workers as a result of an investigation into claims it has an aggressive, male-dominated workplace that permits sexual harassment and sexism, according to an employee who attended a company-wide meeting. on.wsj.com/2rzrbGN - Macy's Inc met with investors to lay out its strategy, but ended up triggering a new panic over the beleaguered retail sector. on.wsj.com/2rzpRnl - Amazon.com Inc launched the latest salvo in an e-commerce battle with Wal-Mart Stores Inc by targeting its stronghold: lower-income consumers. on.wsj.com/2rzCQp7 - General Motors Co shareholders signaled continued patience with Chief Executive Mary Barra's attempts to boost a languishing share price, rejecting hedge-fund manager David Einhorn's proposal to split the company's stock into two classes. on.wsj.com/2rzpdpU - Several state officials and auto makers are pillorying Volkswagen AG's plan to sell battery juice to Americans driving electric cars, contending the project more resembles an unfair government-backed windfall than penance for cheating on emissions tests. on.wsj.com/2rzBBX1 (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 2-Moody's loses Hong Kong appeal over 'red flags' report HONG KONG, June 8 Hong Kong's Court of Appeal found Moody's broke the rules when it published a report about Chinese companies in 2011, rejecting the credit rating agency's appeal against a tribunal ruling last year, Moody's said on Thursday. Greece to seek arbitration over Eldorado's gold mine investment ATHENS, June 8 Greece will seek arbitration to settle its differences with Canada's Eldorado over a gold mine investment, the energy ministry said on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Wall Street slips ahead of UK vote, ECB, Comey testimony Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (File photo: Reuters) June 7, 2017:   Major US stock indexes ended near session lows on Tuesday as traders shied away from risky assets ahead of major political and economic headlines expected on Thursday. Britain's general election as it maps its exit from the European Union, the European Central Bank's policy meeting and former FBI Director James Comey's testimony before a Senate panel could all affect investor sentiment. Comey was investigating whether Donald Trump's presidential campaign and Russia colluded to sway the 2016 US election when he was fired by Trump in May. His testimony could dampen already flagging momentum for the US President's agenda of rolling back regulations and overhauling the tax code. British Prime Minister Theresa May could increase her parliamentary majority, an opinion poll showed on Tuesday, shortly after another survey suggested the race with the Opposition Labour Party was neck-and-neck. Investors will also watch out for the European Central Bank's meeting, where policymakers are expected to take a more benign view of the economy, according to sources. "We have a lot of stuff on Thursday. If youre looking for days where we can see some long-awaited volatility, I'd say that's probably going to be Thursday and Friday,” said Anthony Conroy, president at brokerage Abel Noser in New York. “You got to position yourself to whatever could happen Thursday so you take a little bit off the table.” The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 47.81 points, or 0.23 per cent, to 21,136.23, the S&P 500 lost 6.77 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 2,429.33 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 20.63 points, or 0.33 per cent, to 6,275.06. Safe-havens were bid up as traders sold out of stocks. Spot gold rose 1.1 per cent to $1,293.47 after earlier touching its highest since November, while US 10-year Treasury yields touched a session low of 2.129 per cent, their lowest level since the days following the November US Presidential election. The largest weight on the S&P 500 was Amazon, down 0.8 per cent. Walmart fell 1.7 per cent to $78.93 after Amazon said it would offer its Prime subscription service at a discount to US customers on government aid, taking aim at a piece of Walmart's customer base. Macy's dropped 8.2 per cent to $21.90 after it warned its margins could shrink further. The news hit other department stores: J.C. Penney dropped 4.1 per cent, Sears fell 2.5 per cent and Nordstrom slid 3.6 per cent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.19-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.62-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. About 6.42 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (This article was published on June 7, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex ends down by 58 points; TCS, GAIL stocks slump Markets Live More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks RCom shares end over 3% lower Shares of Rel... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Young World Club | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Amazon Is Offering People On Government Assistance A Lower Prime Membership Price Denisse Moreno International Business Times June 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Amazon announced it is lowering the price of its Prime membership for those who have EBT cards.More Amazon wants to reach low-income households by offering its Prime service at a discounted price for those on government assistance programs, the company announced Tuesday. Amazon Prime includes free two-day shipping, video and music streaming services, Prime Reading and unlimited photo storage with Prime Photos. All those benefits will be included in Amazon’s latest offer and will bring Prime’s price down from $10.99 a month to $5.99. Read: FTC: Amazon Refunding $70M Of Unauthorized In-App Purchases Made By Children “We know when people try Prime they love it because they save time and money with low prices on millions of items, unlimited access to premium videos and music, and fast, convenient delivery,” Vice President of Amazon Prime Greg Greeley said in a statement. “We designed this membership option for customers receiving government assistance to make our everyday selection and savings more accessible, including the many conveniences and entertainment benefits of Prime.” How To Qualify For Amazon Prime The EBT card is used for government assistance programs including Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and Women, Infants and Children Nutrition Program. People who have an EBT card qualify for the discounted Prime membership, which they can cancel at any time. Those interested can sign up for a 30-day free trial. Customers can qualify every 12 months, as many as four times, Amazon said. The EBT card itself cannot be used to pay for the Prime membership. The company added it will include other ways for people on government assistance programs to qualify in the future that doesn’t utilize the EBT cards. Amazon’s move, which is a strike toward rival Wal-Mart, comes after the online retailer announced earlier this year it would begin accepting food stamps on grocery orders. The U.S. Department of Agriculture said Amazon, FreshDirect and other online grocers will be included in a pilot program, which will run for two years for SNAP participants in Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Oregon, Washington and Iowa. As of last month, there were nearly 43 million Americans on SNAP, according to the USDA. Read: How Walmart Is Speeding Up Its Delivery Processes To Compete With Amazon To reach low-income households, Amazon also launched Amazon Cash in April. The program helps those who lack a debit or credit card by allowing them to make purchases on Amazon by adding cash to an Amazon.com balance using a barcode at participating retailers. The cash is then sent to the customer’s online Amazon account. Retailers participating in the service include: CVS, Speedway, Sheetz, Kum & Go, D&W Fresh Market, Family Fare Supermarkets and VG's Grocery. Amazon Cash also works for those who don’t have a smartphone. When customers are given a barcode, the can use it with a smartphone app or use the print-at-home option, which allows the barcode to be scanned at a participating store. Related Articles Amazon Could Soon Deliver Your Package Using Drone And Parachute Apple TV To Support Amazon Prime Video Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech The big issues we want Apple to address in macOS High Sierra Yahoo Finance No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Megyn Kelly Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Megyn Kelly Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News World U.S. Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Jun 6 2017, 9:48 pm ET Obama, in Canada, Warns Against Isolationism and ‘Populist Alternatives’ by Phil Helsel Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Former President Barack Obama in a speech in Canada on Tuesday said Western values are still the envy of the world, and cautioned against embracing isolationism in the face of economic uncertainty. Obama, speaking in Montreal at a Chamber of Commerce event, said that the world must do more to combat income inequality, noting that the concentration of wealth fans fears that governments exist solely to benefit the powerful. How do we get young leaders to take action in their communities? Thanks @BarackObama for your visit & insights tonight in my hometown. pic.twitter.com/EwJXPEkN3w— Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) June 7, 2017 "That's a recipe for more cynicism and more polarization, less trust in our institutions and less trust in each other. And it’s part of what leads people to turn to populist alternatives that may not actually deliver," Obama said. Touching on his successor's recent moves, Obama also said that despite the "temporary" lack of U.S. involvement in the Paris climate deal, companies in America and around the globe have pledged to move toward renewable resources. Former President Barack Obama delivers his keynote speech to the Montreal Chamber of Commerce at the Palais de Congres on June 6, 2017 in Montreal. Dario Ayala / Reuters "Obviously I'm disappointed with the current American administration’s decision to pull out of Paris, but all that work that we did is now embedded in decisions that are being made by companies all around America and all around the world," Obama said. "It's not as if Wal-Mart is now going to suddenly reverse itself — they're going to continue to build on the clean energy they’ve already invested in because it turns out it saves them money,” Obama said. Related: A Climate Scientist Explains Worst That Could Happen After Paris Withdrawal President Donald Trump last Thursday announced the United States would withdraw from the non-binding voluntary agreement, a compact that includes more than 190 countries. Trump said the deal put America at an economic disadvantage. Obama called the Paris deal "an agreement that even with the temporary absence of American leadership will still give our children a fighting chance." Related: California and Other States Step Into Climate Policy Void Play Facebook Twitter Embed What Happens Now? A Look at Consequences of Ditching Global Climate Agreement 1:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/958246467736" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Obama said that in times of economic uncertainty it can be tempting to turn to isolationism and "the politics of us-vs.-them" and said World War I and World War II were the result. He said the U.S. and other nations showed there was a better way "in creating an international order that was based not just on self-interest but also on principles." Phil Helsel Twitter Email Topics Environment, Politics News, U.S. news, World First Published Jun 6 2017, 9:48 pm ET Next Story Japan Murder Suspect Arrested After 45 Years On The Run advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Theft Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/WhittierNews Home â News â Crime â Theft Duo caught after trying to steal clothes, candy in Santa Fe Springs By Ruby Gonzales, San Gabriel Valley Tribune Posted: 06/06/17, 6:29 PM PDT | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments SANTA FE SPRINGS >> A man attacked store employees who detained his girlfriend for allegedly stealing children’s clothing and candy at a store Monday night, police said. The pair tried to flee but were caught by police. The theft occurred at the Target at 10621 Carmenita Road around 7 p.m. Whittier Police Officer John Scoggins said while loss prevention officers detained the woman, the boyfriend approached and attacked them. The woman broke free. Police said the couple got in a stolen, car but abandoned the vehicle as officers arrived. Scoggins said officers took the man into custody quickly. He said the woman entered the Walmart at 13310 Telegraph Road, but was arrested as she left the store. Officers arrested Michelle Amanda Cortez, 25, of Whittier and Armin Ortega, 27, of Whittier on suspicion of robbery and grand theft auto. Both remain in custody at Whittier jail. Ortega is being held without bail because of a probation violation while Cortez is being held in lieu of $50,000 bail. The booking system lists the female suspect as “Amanda Michelle Cortez.” Police said the two suspects will be arraigned Wednesday at Bellflower Superior Court. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at Ruby.Gonzales@sgvn.com or follow Ruby on Twitter: @RubyGonzales2. Full bio and more articles by Ruby Gonzales Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Whittier Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The Whittier Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
June 8, 2017 | 77° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Star Channels Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs Star Channels Top News Obama says Paris climate agreement still has a chance Associated Press Posted June 06, 2017 June 6, 2017 Updated June 6, 2017 3:22pm THE CANADIAN PRESS VIA AP Former President Barack Obama spoke to the Montreal Chamber of Commerce. MONTREAL >> The Paris climate agreement still has a chance despite the “temporary absence of American leadership,” Barack Obama said today, adding that he was cheered that U.S. states, cities, corporations and others have decided to carry on with the Paris commitments. The former U.S. president made the remarks in a speech to the Montreal Chamber of Commerce and got a round of applause from the business crowd for mentioning the Paris accord. President Donald Trump announced last week he would pull the U.S. out of the Paris agreement. Trump argues the climate agreement has disadvantaged the U.S. and benefited other countries, leaving American businesses and taxpayers to absorb the costs. “Obviously I’m disappointed with the current American administration decision to put out of Paris,” Obama said. “We’re going to have to act with more urgency. I’m looking forward to the United States being a leader and not just on the sidelines going forward.” Obama said many jobs have been created in clean industries over the last decade. “For all those jobs that were lost in coal, many multiples of jobs were gained in the solar industry but those didn’t get advertised,” he said. He said costs of clean energy have become comparable to “dirty” energy and that has changed the economics of investment in industry. “All that work that we did is now embedded by decisions by companies around America and around the world,” he said. “It’s not as if Walmart is now going to suddenly reverse itself. They are going to continue to build on the clean energy they’ve invested in because it’s going to save them money.” Obama said he is hugely invested in dealing with climate change because he has daughters and he will at some point have some granddaughters. “This won’t likely affect me as much as it will affect them,” he said. “If we don’t act now then it is going to be that much more difficult for the next generation to deal with the warming of the planet.” Obama did not mention Trump by name in his speech and in a question and answer session afterward. But the former president said that while such instincts of retrenchment are understandable and tempting, they must be avoided. “History also shows there is a better way,” he said. “Canada shows, the United States, Europe, Japan show it is possible for us to overcome our fears and to reach across our divides.” Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Eric Trump calls father’s critics ‘not even people’ Police impersonators suspected in Kaneohe robbery Waipahu High principal will serve as interim superintendent City Council OKs bond funding to keep rail moving UH assistant Acker leaves for Boise State Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Sears is closing an additional 72 stores this year Listen | Print By Karen Graham     Jun 6, 2017 in Business Sears is closing 72 more stores, in addition to the more than 180 that have already been announced this year. The company released the list internally today. The additional stores that will be closing this year include 16 Sears stores, 49 Kmart stores, and seven auto centers. Most of them will close in September 2017, reports Business Insider. This most recent round of closures will bring Sears’ stores still open down to about 1,200, compared to the 3,400 U.S. stores just over 10 years ago, reports WTVR Richmond. As a matter of fact, Richmond's Regency Square Sears and its Auto Center are on the list, while the Glen Allen and Chesterfield locations will remain open. On January 4, Sears Holdings announced the closure of dozens of additional Kmart and Sears locations. Then, in a regulatory filing March 21, Sears, which has been one of America's leading retail stores since the 19th century, said there is "substantial doubt" it can remain in business, leading to speculation that more closing could be possible. Sears and Kmart have a proud history in the United States that dates back to the 19th century. Sears at one time was the nation's largest retailer and business employer, and the Sears catalog was a staple in most households where Americans learned to shop from home for everything from clothing to homes. Yes, this journalist lived right next door to a Sears home. And by the end of WWII, Sears had developed an extensive network of retail stores that at one time even included a bank, a brokerage, and a real estate company. They became so prolific, like Wal-Mart today, they were the bane of small, local businesses. Kmart can proudly lay claim to being one of the nation's first major discount chains. Many of us can remember the 'Blue Light Specials," spur of the moment in-store sales followed by an announcement over the store's PA system. Kmart bought a number of other retail chains, including Borders Books and Sports Authority. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy before being picked up by Sears Holdings. However, Sears' problems started a long time before the growth of online shopping. About 20 years ago, big-box stores like Home Depot, Wal-Mart and others began dotting the retail landscape, and the competition was huge, so much so that Sears lost its place on the Dow Jones Index in 1999. For a complete listing of the additional 72 stores just announced, you can go to Business Insider. More about sears, Competition, kmart stores, auto centers, sears holdings More news from sears Competition kmart stores auto centers sears holdings Latest News Top News Op-Ed: Libyan commander Haftar wages successful military campaign When IS group reign ends, who will rule Syria's Raqa? Child migrants risk lives to reach Europe from... Spain Iran says Tehran attackers had been to IS bastions Mosul, Raqa An increasingly isolated Trump joins the battle of his life Fossils shaking up our understanding of human origins Lithuania warns Russian drill may mask troop build-up Soros's baby, Orban's enemy: the Central European University Cuba drills for own oil as Venezuelan flow falters Hooray for... Kumawood! Ghana's fastest filmmakers Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 54° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Plenty of sunshine. High 84F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 62F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 8, 2017 @ 4:35 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 2 Paul Chiasson Former President Barack Obama speaks at the convention center in Montreal, Quebec, Tuesday, June 6, 2017. (Paul Chaisson/The Canadian Press via AP) Paul Chiasson Former President Barack Obama speaks at the convention center in Montreal, Quebec, Tuesday, June 6, 2017. (Paul Chaisson/The Canadian Press via AP) AP Obama says Paris climate agreement still has a chance Jun 6, 2017 Updated Jun 6, 2017 0 Paul Chiasson Former President Barack Obama speaks at the convention center in Montreal, Quebec, Tuesday, June 6, 2017. (Paul Chaisson/The Canadian Press via AP) Paul Chiasson Former President Barack Obama speaks at the convention center in Montreal, Quebec, Tuesday, June 6, 2017. (Paul Chaisson/The Canadian Press via AP) MONTREAL (AP) — The Paris climate agreement still has a chance despite the "temporary absence of American leadership," Barack Obama said Tuesday, adding that he was cheered that U.S. states, cities, corporations and others have decided to carry on with the Paris commitments. The former U.S. president made the remarks in a speech to the Montreal Chamber of Commerce and got a round of applause from the business crowd for mentioning the Paris accord. President Donald Trump announced last week he would pull the U.S. out of the Paris agreement. Trump argues the climate agreement has disadvantaged the U.S. and benefited other countries, leaving American businesses and taxpayers to absorb the costs. "Obviously I'm disappointed with the current American administration decision to put out of Paris," Obama said. "We're going to have to act with more urgency. I'm looking forward to the United States being a leader and not just on the sidelines going forward." Obama said many jobs have been created in clean industries over the last decade. "For all those jobs that were lost in coal, many multiples of jobs were gained in the solar industry but those didn't get advertised," he said. He said costs of clean energy have become comparable to "dirty" energy and that has changed the economics of investment in industry. "All that work that we did is now embedded by decisions by companies around America and around the world," he said. "It's not as if Walmart is now going to suddenly reverse itself. They are going to continue to build on the clean energy they've invested in because it's going to save them money." Obama said he is hugely invested in dealing with climate change because he has daughters and he will at some point have some granddaughters. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "This won't likely affect me as much as it will affect them," he said. "If we don't act now then it is going to be that much more difficult for the next generation to deal with the warming of the planet." Obama did not mention Trump by name in his speech and in a question and answer session afterward. But the former president said that while such instincts of retrenchment are understandable and tempting, they must be avoided. "History also shows there is a better way," he said. "Canada shows, the United States, Europe, Japan show it is possible for us to overcome our fears and to reach across our divides." Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire General News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Head-on collision leaves two injured in Muscatine A club in the country: Muscatine native opens a dance club 4 construction projects to know about in Muscatine area this month Mobile traffic cam moves to new locations in Muscatine this week Grandview Fourth of July events announced Business Directory Latest Local Offers Non-Emergency Transport Do you need a prompt, safe and comfortable ride to the airport? Non-Emergency Transport offers rides to the The Eastern Iowa Airport and Quad City International Airport! Updated Jun 2, 2017 Non-Emergency Transport Non-Emergency Transport Specializes in Non-Emergency Trips like Doctors Appointments, Rides to the Aiprort and More! Click Here for Details! 563-299-3513 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 4 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page B1 Page B2 (0) More on this topic Who's who, what's at stake in Britain's unexpected election Polls open in UK election after campaign marred by attacks S. Korea leader warns North after latest missile launch The Latest: Pakistan to continue import of LNG from Qatar Police increase patrols in Tehran after Iran attacks Currents Data Occupations with the biggest gender pay gaps Food Which foods have the most calories at Dairy Queen? +4 Election 2016 Live Fact check: Trump's reasoning behind climate pact pullout has holes Today’s top pics: America's Cup challenger race and more Your daily 6: A new target for ISIS, chilling testimony in the Cosby case Today In History, June 7: Prince Today's Birthdays, June 7: Mike Pence Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jared Leto nearly died rock climbing Jared Leto nearly died rock climbing Amber Heard 'missing' her dog Latest Local Offers Non-Emergency Transport Provides Transportation for Individuals in Wheelchairs, Medical Patients, and Others in Need! Call Us Today! (563) 299-3513 Visit us online! http://netmuscatine.com/ Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads Do you need a prompt, safe and comfortable ride to the airport? Non-Emergency Transport offers rides to the The Eastern Iowa Airport and Quad City International Airport! 24 Hours/Day • 7 Days/Week Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads Non-Emergency Transport Specializes in Non-Emergency Trips like Doctors Appointments, Rides to the Aiprort and More! Click Here for Details! 563-299-3513 Non-Emergency Transport offers flexible transportation 24 hours per day, 7 days per week inc… Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Colbert: Comey treats Trump like a T. rex Ex-FBI agent 'disgusted' by Comey testimony How much damage can North Korea's weapons do? Climber scales El Capitan without ropes Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
About Advertise Contact Privacy Policy Copyright Movies News Reviews Trailers Box Office TV Features Opening Credits Commentary Commentary Filmmaking Tips Short Films Interviews Film Festivals Editor’s Picks What to Watch Streaming Home Video Movies to Watch After Podcast One Perfect Pod Junkfood Cinema One Perfect Shot Articles Shots Database Video Database Remember Me Lost your password? Movies MoviesSee all Sony Launches Initiative to Release “Clean” Versions of Their Movies The Sickness in ‘A Cure for Wellness’ Lynch in Six Movements: A Collection of Filmic Examinations from Renegade Cut News Reviews Trailers Box Office TV TVSee all What We Want From a Virtual Reality ‘Breaking Bad’ ‘The Sopranos’ and Unforgettable TV Finales, For Better or For Worse The Existentialism of ‘Rick and Morty’ Features FeaturesSee all Why the Western Needs to Come Back Short of the Day: ‘Fall’ is an Experimental Animated Allegory for Modern Life 30 Things We Learned from the ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Commentary Opening Credits Commentary Commentary Filmmaking Tips Short Films Interviews Film Festivals Editor’s Picks What to Watch What to WatchSee all Arnold Schwarzenegger Collides With Grief in Our Blu-ray Pick of the Week The New Movies of June 2017, In Order of Anticipation 8 Movies to Watch After You See ‘Wonder Woman’ Streaming Home Video Movies to Watch After Podcast PodcastSee all The Perfect Shots of ‘Road to Perdition’ The Perfect Shots of ‘Raiders of the Lost Ark’ Retouched: How Inaccuracy Improves De Palma’s ‘Untouchables’ One Perfect Pod Junkfood Cinema One Perfect Shot Articles Shots Database Video Database Home What to WatchHome Video Arnold Schwarzenegger Collides With Grief in Our Blu-ray Pick of the Week Rob HunterJune 6, 2017 Home VideoMovies Facebook Twitter Buffer reddit Plus 17 More New Releases to Watch This Week on Blu-ray/DVD! Welcome to this week in home video! Click the title to buy a Blu-ray/DVD from Amazon and help support FSR in the process! Pick of the Week Aftermath What is it? Two men wracked by grief head towards an inevitable meeting. Why see it? Arnold Schwarzenegger plays a man whose wife and pregnant daughter perish in a plane crash, and Scoot McNairy is the air traffic controller whose actions led to the disaster. Both actors are terrific here as each face the grief of what they’ve lost and what they’ve done. The film wisely crafts the accident as a mix of poor decisions and outside issues meaning it’s not a clear case of the controller’s guilt, and the debate we have as viewers makes this less of a revenge tale than Schwarzenegger’s presence might suggest. It’s an engrossing and somber film that builds to an unexpected conclusion that lands with real power. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Commentary, interviews] The Best The Ballad of Cable Hogue [Warner Archive] What is it? A tired and old cowboy watches as the Old West fades into yesterday. Why see it? Sam Peckinpah takes a break from stories centered on violence and murder to train his eye on a cowboy (Jason Robards) whose unable to change with the times. The landscape he once knew is no more, and his desperate attempts to hang on to that life aren’t enough to keep the future from becoming the present. Robards is delightful as the crotchety optimist, and he’s supported by strong, fun turns from the likes of David Warner, Strother Martin, and Stella Stevens. It moves very much at its own pace as if to savor the world of “today” one last time, but tomorrow is inevitable. The ending has its own kind of sadly beautiful poetry marking this as one of Peckinpah’s best, albeit most unlikely, films. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Commentary, featurette] Bambi – Anniversary Edition What is it? The prequel to Bambi Meets Godzilla. Why see it? Walt Disney’s seventy-five year old classic remains as affecting as ever but looks even lovelier in HD. Sure it starts rough, but the majority of the film offers up an endearing tale of friendship and compassion, both things the world could use a lot more of (these days especially). This isn’t the film’s first Blu-ray release though and doesn’t appear to add anything new aside from the short, so if you already have an earlier release there’s no real reason to upgrade. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Featurettes, deleted scenes, short film] A Cure for Wellness What is it? A young man discovers madness, terror, and lots of naked octogenarians at a sanitarium in the Swiss Alps. Why see it? Gore Verbinski makes attractive films, and that’s never been more the case than it is here. He blends natural surroundings, exquisite production design, and masterful CG to build a world we can’t help but feel a part of even as it pulls us into a nightmare. Dane DeHaan does solid work as the man who may be slowly losing his grip on reality, and Jason Isaacs delivers as the possibly twisted man in charge. It’s quite the experience and worth checking out despite being held back by a highly excessive running time. Verbinski lets his nightmare unfold with molasses-laced repetition which ultimately hurts some of the later reveals — we’ve had too much time to dwell on what’s being teased before us, and we come to know what to expect. It’s still visually sumptuous and thrilling though as the visuals are both haunting and spectacular. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Deleted scene, featurettes] Dredd – 4K Ultra HD What is it? Welcome to the future where the police are still judge, jury, and executioner only now it’s official. Why see it? The popular UK comic character gets a second big-screen adaptation, and while many of us still have fun with Sylvester Stallone’s 1995 feature it’s this more recent one that gets everything right. Director Pete Travis crafts a Raid-like setup as Dredd (Karl Urban) and his partner (Olivia Thirlby) blast their way through a high-rise building filled with malicious, heavily-armed thugs led by a wickedly evil Lena Headey. It’s a hard-hitting and stylish ride all the way to the top complete with dark laughs and fun performances. It’s an ideal film to take in on a big 4K screen, and this new release is well worth the upgrade. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: 4K Ultra HD and Blu-ray, featurettes, motion comic prequel] Ex Machina – 4K Ultra HD What is it? An experiment in artificial intelligence goes off the rails in spectacularly dramatic, terrifying, and enticing ways. Why see it? Alex Garland (28 Days Later, Sunshine) makes his directorial debut with this sci-fi stunner about what it means to be human. It’s intriguing, sexy, and constantly engaging in the interactions between the genius (Oscar Isaac), the acolyte (Domhnall Gleason), and the artificial being (Alicia Vikander) between them. There are thought-provoking ideas at play here, and the film takes them to some truly thrilling places. More relevant to this 4K re-release, the film is also a visual stunner with some truly mesmerizing and gorgeous cinematography and production design that absolutely pop in 4K. (Too be fair they’re still beautiful on Blu-ray too.) The cast looks pretty good too. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: 4K Ultra HD and Blu-ray, featurettes, Q&A] The Rest Aaron’s Blood What is it? A recently widowed dad with a hemophiliac son faces a new challenge when a blood transfusion turns the boy into a vampire. Why see it? This is a tight little indie chiller that takes a new approach to a familiar genre element — vampires — and delivers some thrilling sequences along the way. A few hiccups aside the script is a smart look at one man’s problem, and lead James Martinez does great work as a father struggling against an incredibly heavy burden. The low budget unavoidably hurts the film in a few notable ways including the acting caliber of some supporting characters — the bully in particular — and the abruptness with which certain conclusions are made. Still though, at eighty minutes long the pros outweigh the cons here with a compelling story, some solid action/camera beats, and a strong lead performance. [DVD extras: Introduction, making of, featurette, deleted scenes] The Assignment What is it? A woman takes revenge on a man by turning him into a woman which is apparently a punishment. Why see it? Oh Walter Hill, what has time done to you? Hill’s made twenty one feature films, and just a small sampling of the great ones could include Southern Comfort, The Driver, The Warriors, and Streets of Fire. I could go on — he’s one of the greats. It’s been a couple of decades though since he’s released a terrific film, and his latest is easily one of his least successful endeavors in nearly every way. Michelle Rodriguez plays a “tough” hitman who’s transitioned into a woman by a mad doctor (Sigourney Weaver) before being forced to seek revenge as a chick. It’s… oddly funny when it shouldn’t be, and Rodriguez is impossible to take seriously with a fake beard/nose before the surgery. On the one hand it’s fertile ground for a legit exploitation film, but Hill instead takes it seriously and fairly restrained for the subject matter aside from Rodriguez’s nudity both before and after the operation. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Featurette] Beauty and the Beast What is it? A live-action version of a still-terrible story. Why see it? Unlike the recent The Jungle Book, Disney’s redo of another of their animated classics follows the original pretty closely to the point of offering little (if anything) new. The CG and production design are strong, but none of it can hide the story which remains unappealing in its approach to romance, independence, and forgiveness. The love story is unfortunate at best — her options are a thuggish ex-soldier or a violent beast? — the supposedly wise sorceress doesn’t get well-deserved grief for cursing the jerk’s innocent staff, and the villagers who are out blindly for blood one second are welcomed back as friends the next? Lame. To be clear, these same issues exist in the animated version, but it’s harder to dismiss them with flesh and blood characters in the mix. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Featurettes, deleted scenes] Don’t Knock Twice [Scream Factory] What is it? A pair of teens flaunt this very clear instruction. Why see it? There are plenty of moments to love in this new chiller from the director of the underseen The Machine, but far too many of them come in the back half. There’s a lot of drag getting there as we’re inundated with cheap jump scares, sound cues, and utter darkness before the story and characters pick up in exciting ways. Katee Sackhoff and Lucy Boynton headline, and both do good work. Their presence plus the film’s second half make it worth a watch, but there’s a lot of generic genre meh to wade through first. Scream Factory’s new Blu-ray is a Walmart exclusive release with a wider one presumably to follow at some point. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Making of] Juice What is it? Four friends struggle with life as teenagers in Harlem. Why see it? Ernest Dickerson’s directorial debut is surprisingly more of an action/thriller than a comedic drama despite its humorous and dramatic first act. Once the character played by Tupac Shakur takes his murderous plunge it becomes a game of cat and mouse as deaths pile up. The more character oriented beats quickly feel slightly out of place against that backdrop, but Omar Epps as the lead does good work holding our attention through his character’s musical endeavors. Those narrative bumps aside, the film is an energetic tale with propulsive, beat-heavy soundtrack. This 25th anniversary release adds new special features. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Commentary, making of, featurettes] Kill ‘Em All What is it?  Jean-Claude Van Damme kills several, but not nearly all of ’em. Why see it? Van Damme belongs in the group of past action stars (like Steven Seagal) who keeps churning them out despite the drastically diminished returns. His latest continues that sad decline with a horrifically structured story about a gunfight that spills over into a hospital. The opening credits show a “highlight” reel of all the action to come, and once the film starts proper it’s in the form of a witness recalling the story to the world’s least convincing FBI agents (Peter Stormare, Maria Conchita Alonso). It jumps around sloppily in time and is an absolute mess. The action could have saved it, but it’s an atrocious mess of poorly edited fights designed mostly to hide Van Damme’s stunt double. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: None] The Last Word What is it? A successful woman decides to rewrite her life story starting with the way people see her. Why see it? Shirley MacLaine and Amanda Seyfried headline this feel-good comedy about an ornery woman forced to see the error of her ways, and they’re both fine. There’s nothing that really stands out here though as the story takes a familiar arc with pleasant-enough characters along for the ride. Director Mark Pellington’s high points remain Arlington Road, The Mothman Prophecies, and I Melt With You (yeah I said it), and hopefully someday he’ll leave these generic dramas behind and return to more original fare like those other titles. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: None] Operation Mekong What is it? A Chinese anti-drug task force brings the war to the dealers and the streets. Why see it? There’s not much in the way of big name talents on the screen here, but director Dante Lam is a fairly reliable filmmaker in the action genre. He proves that once again with this massive ensemble piece that moves the modern day action from country to country and from rural battlefields to populated city centers. It’s convoluted as all hell at times, but that’s due in part to the film’s habit of unloading exposition in brief pauses between epic action beats. Those beats keep the film moving at a fast clip, and while you won’t always know why a clash begins you’ll always be happy that it did. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: None] Sky on Fire What is it? A possible cure for cancer leads to a battle between interests pure, corrupt, and indifferent. Why see it? Ringo Lam (like the unrelated Lam above) is no stranger to highly entertaining action/suspense films including City on Fire, Full Contact, and Wild City. His latest continues the trend of orchestrating and capturing stellar gun battles and car chases, but it suffers more than usual when the action slows down. The core plot is fine, but the film is ceaseless in its layering in of subplots and new characters to the point that the central urgency quickly wanes. The film’s still worth a watch for Lam’s action-oriented eye, but be prepared for the convoluted downtime. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: None] Snitch – 4K Ultra HD What is it? A good father agrees to go undercover with bad guys in order to help his son. Why see it? Dwayne Johnson is an engaging physical presence, both as an action star and as a comedic actor. His best films encourage both halves of his persona, but sometimes one is all you need. This 2012 feature relies solely on the former, and it delivers some competent action beats along the way. It’s not all that memorable in general though, and that’s part of what makes it an odd choice for this 4K re-release. Unlike the two titles above Snitch has little to stand out on the visual front meaning an already unlikely re-watch is no more likely in sharper HD. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: 4K Ultra HD and Blu-ray, making of, commentary, deleted scenes] A United Kingdom What is it? The true story of a boundary-crossing love. Why see it? David Oyelowo and Rosamund Pike are the only real reasons you should need to give this romantic drama a spin as both are fantastic actors doing strong work here as the young king of Botswana and the white British woman who married him. It’s a good, engaging tale beyond them too, and while the general story is familiar — the recent Loving tread the similar ground of a mixed race couple facing ignorance and hatred across the years — the power of the performances and production give it its own life. It’s a good, respectable film, and while that may not sound like praise it’s more than a lot of films can claim. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Making of, featurettes] The Young Pope What is it? This pope, he’s young. Why see it? Lenny Belardo (Jude Law) becomes the first American pope, and with that comes all the belligerence and attitude you’d expect along with plenty of beauty, wit, and fantastic acting. Diane Keaton joins Law and the pair run roughshod over the Vatican’s precise and measured environment. Director Paolo Sorrentino delivers the gorgeous, lush production that has become his trademark over films like The Great Beauty and Youth, and his darkly comic sense of humor is equally intact. HBO’s limited series gives the story room to breathe across ten episodes, and the result is an effectively entertaining exploration of something that will never actually come to pass. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Making of, featurettes] Also out this week: The Axe Murders of Villisca, Journey to the West: The Demons Strike Back, Prisoner X, The Sense of an Ending, Ugetsu Monogatari [Criterion Collection], Where the Buffalo Roam [Shout Select] Blu-ray Previous ArticleShort of the Day: ‘Opening Night’ Has Some Hilarious Jitters Next Article‘The Survivalist’ Review: How to Survive the Loneliest Apocalypse Rob Hunter Chief Film Critic "Rob is great. He likes movies. He writes about them. And he's a good person." Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Vimeo Opening Credits Subscribe to our new daily email. Every morning, we'll tell you what you need to know about the world of pop culture. Latest Why the Western Needs to Come Back The Overwhelming Beauty of ‘Wonder Woman’ Sony Launches Initiative to Release “Clean” Versions of Their Movies The Sickness in ‘A Cure for Wellness’ The Perfect Shots of ‘Road to Perdition’ Short of the Day: ‘Fall’ is an Experimental Animated Allegory for Modern Life Lynch in Six Movements: A Collection of Filmic Examinations from Renegade Cut 30 Things We Learned from the ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Commentary
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News world Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air World Obama says Paris climate agreement still has a chance Published June 06, 2017 Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Print MONTREAL –  The Paris climate agreement still has a chance despite the "temporary absence of American leadership," Barack Obama said Tuesday, adding that he was cheered that U.S. states, cities, corporations and others have decided to carry on with the Paris commitments. The former U.S. president made the remarks in a speech to the Montreal Chamber of Commerce and got a round of applause from the business crowd for mentioning the Paris accord. President Donald Trump announced last week he would pull the U.S. out of the Paris agreement. Trump argues the climate agreement has disadvantaged the U.S. and benefited other countries, leaving American businesses and taxpayers to absorb the costs. "Obviously I'm disappointed with the current American administration decision to put out of Paris," Obama said. "We're going to have to act with more urgency. I'm looking forward to the United States being a leader and not just on the sidelines going forward." Obama said many jobs have been created in clean industries over the last decade. "For all those jobs that were lost in coal, many multiples of jobs were gained in the solar industry but those didn't get advertised," he said. He said costs of clean energy have become comparable to "dirty" energy and that has changed the economics of investment in industry. "All that work that we did is now embedded by decisions by companies around America and around the world," he said. "It's not as if Walmart is now going to suddenly reverse itself. They are going to continue to build on the clean energy they've invested in because it's going to save them money." Obama said he is hugely invested in dealing with climate change because he has daughters and he will at some point have some granddaughters. "This won't likely affect me as much as it will affect them," he said. "If we don't act now then it is going to be that much more difficult for the next generation to deal with the warming of the planet." Obama did not mention Trump by name in his speech and in a question and answer session afterward. But the former president said that while such instincts of retrenchment are understandable and tempting, they must be avoided. "History also shows there is a better way," he said. "Canada shows, the United States, Europe, Japan show it is possible for us to overcome our fears and to reach across our divides." Advertisement Trending in World Iran rejects Trump's condolences after terror attack, calls statement 'repugnant' North Korea launches multiple surface-to-ship missiles, South Korean military says Bodies, aircraft parts found in search for Burmese military plane Church says riot in Indonesia sparked by military burning bibles 7 girls claim drone recorded them while sunbathing naked on deck of boat Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US stocks fall ahead of British vote Wednesday June 7, 2017 07:39 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Serbian press lament poor performance of national tennis hero Djokovic ProjekMMO: Dah glamor di YouTube, Mat Luthfi arah filem UN warns of ‘significant escalation’ of civilian deaths in Mosul The Edit: Preparing opor is nothing short of a labour of love Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The broad-based S&P 500 shed 0.3 per cent to end the session at 2,429.33, and the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index also fell 0.3 per cent to finish at 6,275.06. — Reuters picNEW YORK, June 7 — Wall Street stocks retreated yesterday amid investor caution ahead of this week’s British general election and congressional testimony from fired former FBI chief James Comey. Analysts said the trend in the US market was part of a pullback in most global bourses because of the potential impact of those events, both of which happen tomorrow. “The market might be a little on edge” ahead of tomorrow, said Bill Lynch, director of investment at Hinsdale Associates, who added that there was little significant economic data for the market to focus yesterday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 0.2 per cent to close at 21,136.23. The broad-based S&P 500 shed 0.3 per cent to end the session at 2,429.33, and the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index also fell 0.3 per cent to finish at 6,275.06. Among blue-chip companies, Boeing, McDonald’s, Nike and Wal-Mart Stores lost one per cent or more. But oil producers ExxonMobil and Chevron gained 1.4 per cent and 1.0 per cent, respectively, as oil prices advanced. Gold producers Freeport-McMoRan and Barrick Gold jumped 3.8 per cent and 5.3 per cent as gold prices rose. Macy’s sank 8.2 per cent after executives warned at an investor day of lower profit margins in the current quarter and year. Other retailers also were pulled lower, including Target, which lost 1.9 per cent and Nordstrom, which tumbled 3.6 per cent. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Gloves off in spat between India's central bank, government Asian currencies edge down on caution ahead of risk events Prasarana to generate RM17b in economic returns this year, says PM Ringgit closes lower against US dollar KL shares end lower on extended consolidation Ringgit slightly higher against US dollar in early trade Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week RHB-AmBank to take No. 1 spot in asset management, insurance, broking Bursa to be firmer next week Petronas Q1 2017 pre-tax profit more than doubles to RM15.5b Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Here’s what will really decide the UK election ― Paul Wallace South-east Asian caution prevails despite positive China trade data Asian shares down ahead of Comey, ECB and UK election Wall Street set to open flat as tomorrow’s events in focus US dollar hits seven-week low against yen as ‘Triple Threat Thursday’ looms Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Hot Topics: Beet plant odor Obits American Pickers coming Bolder Boulder FMHS graduation Latest police blotters Print   Email   Font Resize Caribou Ranch, famed Boulder County recording studio, to be inducted into Colorado Music Hall of Fame Fellow inductees Joe Walsh, Dan Fogelberg to be honored with Fiddler's Green concert By Matt Sebastian Staff Writer Posted:   06/05/2017 08:29:16 PM MDT The famed Caribou Ranch recording studio in the foothills near Nederland will be inducted into the Colorado Music Hall of Fame this August with a long-in-the-works tribute concert featuring Garth Brooks and fellow inductee — and onetime Boulder resident — Joe Walsh. The studio, built in a barn by Jim Guercio in 1971 and used by Chicago, Elton John, U2, Michael Jackson and more, will be inducted alongside Walsh and his band Barnstorm, as well as the late singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg. Also in the music hall's Class of 2017: Denver jazz masters Dianne Reeves, Charles Burrell, Bill Frisell and Ron Miles, as well as Earth, Wind & Fire members — and classmates at Denver's East High School — Philip Bailey, Larry Dunn and Andrew Woolfolk. The band Chicago performs at Caribou Ranch outside Nederland in 1974 while being filmed for one of the group's TV specials. (Charlie Wendt / Camera file photo) The Colorado Music Hall of Fame on Monday announced it will host an induction concert called "The Rocky Mountain Way" on Aug. 13 — Fogelberg's birthday — at Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre in Greenwood Village. Performers on the bill include Brooks, Amy Grant and Vince Gill, the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Todd Park Mohr of Big Head Todd and the Monsters, Buffalo Springfield's Richie Furay, Alabama's Randy Owen, Michael Martin Murphey and more. Walsh, who played in the James Gang and the Eagles, will perform alongside Kenny Passarelli and Joe Vitale in the reunited Barnstorm. The group's 1972 album, "Barnstorm," was the first recorded at Caribou Ranch. Advertisement The evening will feature a special performance of Barnstorm's "The Rocky Mountain Way," which will be filmed by PBS for its concert series "Soundstage." Long time coming This year's class marks the seventh group of Colorado Music Hall of Fame inductees. Past years honored Boulder's Glenn Miller, Judy Collins, John Denver, concert promoter Barry Fey and Red Rocks Amphitheatre, which is home to the hall of fame's historical exhibits. The induction of Fogelberg, Walsh and Barnstorm and Caribou Ranch is years in the making. In 2013, organizers told the Daily Camera the two musicians and the studio would be inducted as members of the Class of 2014. Later press coverage references plans to induct them in 2015. Phil Lobel, a publicist for the Colorado Music Hall of Fame, said the delay in inducting Fogelberg, Walsh and Caribou Ranch was so that the event could be coordinated with the completion and release of a new Fogelberg tribute album. That collection is expected out around Thanksgiving. "Some things are worth waiting for," Lobel wrote in an email. 'The most crazy experiment' August's concert will come about three years after Guercio and his family sold the 1,600-acre Boulder County property for $32.5 million — and more than three decades after a fire ended the studio's 1970s and '80s heyday. The buyer is part of the Walton family, descendents of the founders of Walmart. In 2013, Guercio told the Camera that his first sight of the Caribou Ranch property in the Boulder County foothills "was a spiritual experience." A photo of Jim Guercio working on the soundboard during Caribou Ranch's heyday outside of Nederland. (File photo) It took three years of legal wrangling and negotiations, but, in 1971, he was able to build a studio getaway he hoped would appeal to musicians. "It was the most crazy experiment," Guercio said. "Everybody said, 'No one will come up there. What are you, nuts?'" But they did come. First, it was Walsh and his post-James Gang band Barnstorm. Then, over the next 14 years, Caribou Ranch hosted more than 150 acts ranging from Stephen Stills and Elton John to Billy Joel, the Beach Boys and Blood, Sweat & Tears. That ranch above Boulder became the first "destination" studio. John McEuen, a member of the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, told the Camera in 1985 that sometimes "it was almost too nice to record." "We'd be standing around the studio asking, 'Where's the harmonica player?' — 'He's fishing.' 'What about the bass player, can you get him off that horse?' 'Will the singer be through swimming in time to do these overdubs?'" When the property was put up for sale in 2013, the hall of fame's G. Brown called the studio "certainly one of the biggest, if not the biggest, part of our music cultural history." Tickets to the 2017 Colorado Music Hall of Fame's induction concert are $25 to $125 and go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday. The Denver Post contributed to this report. Matt Sebastian: 303-473-1350, sebastianm@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/mattsebastian The barn that was turned into Caribou Ranch's famed recording studio, as seen in 2013 outside Nederland. (File photo) Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES City of Fort Morgan to seek sales tax increase for roads Colorado seniors are the fourth-healthiest in the nation, according to new rankings Hitting the core   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC Has $72.52 Million Position in PRA Health Sciences Inc (PRAH) Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Stake Cut by Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC Arosa Capital Management LP Invests $4.07 Million in Centennial Resource Development Inc (CDEV) Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC Invests $57.39 Million in New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC Lowers Position in Nordson Co. (NDSN) Arosa Capital Management LP Boosts Stake in Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC Raises Position in Qualys Inc (QLYS) Arosa Capital Management LP Cuts Stake in Energen Co. (EGN) Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC Sells 24,617 Shares of Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Fis Group Inc. Has $1.09 Million Position in Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (SUPV) Arosa Capital Management LP Buys Shares of 250,000 Eco-Stim Energy Solutions Inc (ESES) Brant Point Investment Management LLC Invests $2.21 Million in Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc (HAWK) Brant Point Investment Management LLC Invests $2.45 Million in Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Brant Point Investment Management LLC Decreases Position in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Saia Inc (SAIA) Shares Sold by Brant Point Investment Management LLC Brant Point Investment Management LLC Acquires 8,133 Shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Stake Cut by Baillie Gifford & Co. China Biologic Products Inc (CBPO) Shares Sold by Baillie Gifford & Co. Watsco Inc (WSO) Stake Cut by Baillie Gifford & Co. Brant Point Investment Management LLC Sells 10,200 Shares of Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Fis Group Inc. Has $1.09 Million Position in Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (SUPV) June 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fis Group Inc. boosted its stake in Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (NASDAQ:SUPV) by 403.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 317,504 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 254,385 shares during the period. Fis Group Inc.’s holdings in Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR were worth $1,092,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Ellington Management Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR during the fourth quarter worth $155,000. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR during the fourth quarter worth $307,000. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR during the first quarter worth $420,000. Investec Asset Management LTD bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR during the fourth quarter worth $729,000. Finally, Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR during the first quarter worth $1,083,000. Shares of Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (NASDAQ:SUPV) traded up 0.49% on Tuesday, reaching $18.31. The company had a trading volume of 191,215 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $17.02 and a 200-day moving average of $15.33. The company has a market capitalization of $6.66 billion and a P/E ratio of 67.32. Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR has a 52 week low of $10.00 and a 52 week high of $18.35. The company also recently announced an annual dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 22nd were issued a $0.058 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 18th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/06/fis-group-inc-has-1-09-million-position-in-grupo-supervielle-sa-adr-supv.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. About Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR Grupo Supervielle SA is an Argentina-based holding company primarily engaged in the financial sector. The Company provides services through numerous subsidiaries, such as Banco Supervielle SA, that offers bank services, mainly to individuals and commercial customers; Cordial Compania Financiera SA, which focuses on credit card issuing, as well as providing consumer loans and insurance for Wal-Mart Argentina customers; Tarjeta Automatica SA, which issues and administrates credit cards; Cordial Microfinanzas SA, that offers financing for urban micro-enterprises; Supervielle Seguros SA, which sells insurance products; Supervielle Asset Management Sociedad Gerente de FCI SA, which manages investment funds, and Espacio Cordial Servicios SA, that distributes audio and video equipment, computers, home appliance and air conditioning units, among others. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SUPV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (NASDAQ:SUPV). Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Partly cloudy with afternoon showers or thunderstorms. High 84F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low around 60F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 8, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Business Highlights By The Associated Press Jun 7, 2017 Updated 7 hrs ago 0 ___ Small businesses in clean energy sector still hope for best NEW YORK (AP) — Small business owners who install solar panels or help customers use clean energy don't seem fazed by President Donald Trump's plan to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord. They're confident in two trends they see: A growing awareness and concern about the environment, and a desire by consumers and businesses to lower their energy costs. energy sector. ___ Talking money with the hospital trying to treat you INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Many people hit with a terrifying medical diagnosis like cancer also have to deal with another worry: whether the care will bankrupt them. Shrinking insurance coverage and soaring treatment costs can swamp patients with piles of bills. To help ease money worries, hospitals and other care providers are using financial counselors to guide patients and, in some cases, arrange for financial help. ___ Violence warned over U.S. dropping conflict minerals rule NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Congolese civic groups, rights groups and U.S. senators warn that increased violence and corruption could be the result of the recent decision by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission not to enforce a rule requiring American companies to report their use of conflict minerals in central Africa, a hub of resources worth trillions of dollars. Supporters say the rule has been successful in ensuring that minerals don't benefit armed rebel groups blamed for human rights abuses. ___ Spanish bank buyout showcases Europe's new anti-crisis rules MADRID (AP) — Spain's Banco Santander is paying the symbolic sum of 1 euro to take over troubled rival Banco Popular, in a deal that showcases Europe's new system to rescue failing banks without stressing markets. Santander said Wednesday it will take over all the shares in Banco Popular, which had lost more than half their value since last week. ___ Ryan won't commit to Treasury timetable for debt increase WASHINGTON (AP) — House Speaker Paul Ryan won't commit to holding a vote to increase the government's borrowing cap this summer. Instead, the Wisconsin Republicans says the House will vote on must-do legislation to increase the so-called debt ceiling before the government defaults, but not necessarily by an August deadline requested by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. ___ A look at how Trump's climate moves affect the coal industry CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP) — President Donald Trump says withdrawing from a global climate change agreement will boost the U.S. economy, but existing market forces have had far more of an effect on the fossil fuel industries than climate regulations. For at least three years now, the coal industry has been reeling from growing competition from natural gas, wind and solar power. Environmental regulations enacted under President Barack Obama haven't helped any but they've played a much smaller role. ___ Big firms join race for investors looking to make an impact NEW YORK (AP) — Impact investing has gone from niche into the mainstream, as more people look to put their money into investments that deliver a positive impact on the world, along with positive returns. Swell, a startup incubated by the insurance giant Pacific Life, is one of the latest entrants and offers a case study of how the industry's biggest players are looking to tap into impact investing's growth, particularly among younger generations. ___ World economy seen picking up, political uncertainty a risk PARIS (AP) — A global watchdog says the world economy is picking up speed but faces big political uncertainties and needs to be reformed to make growth work for a broader swath of people. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development says in its latest outlook report, published Wednesday, that world growth should accelerate from 3 percent in 2016 to 3.6 percent in 2018. ___ Banks lead US stocks slightly higher; oil slumps Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks slightly higher Wednesday, snapping a two-day losing streak for the market. The latest gains were partially offset by a slide in energy companies following a steep slump in the price of U.S. crude oil, which fell 5.1 percent, its biggest single-day drop in nearly three months. ___ Labor secretary defends merging anti-discrimination agencies WASHINGTON (AP) — Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta says the Trump administration's proposal to overhaul the way the government investigates workplace discrimination would not lessen enforcement of decades of civil rights law. But Democrats say the merger is part of a broader effort by the administration to roll back decades of civil rights protections. ___ Justice Dept. ending settlement payouts to outside groups WASHINGTON (AP) — The Justice Department will no longer allow big companies and banks to settle cases by donating to outside organizations, ending a little-known practice that had become a rallying cry for some conservatives. In a memo released early Wednesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions says he is ending the obscure practice that allowed companies to meet some of their settlement burdens by giving money to groups that were neither victims nor parties to the case. ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 3.81 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,433.14. The Dow Jones industrial average added 37.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 21,173.69. The Nasdaq composite gained 22.32 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,297.38. Benchmark U.S. crude slid $2.47, or 5.1 percent, to close at $45.72 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $2.06, or 4.1 percent, to settle at $48.06 per barrel in London. In other energy futures trading, wholesale gasoline shed 6 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $1.49 per gallon. Heating oil gave up 5 cents, or 3.4 percent, to $1.42 per gallon. Natural gas dipped 2 cents to $3.02 per 1,000 cubic feet. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Highlights Business Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Workplace Discrimination Labor Issues Social Issues Social Affairs Personnel Discrimination Human Rights And Civil Liberties Government And Politics Hotel Operators Hospitality And Leisure Industry Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Creekside Grill & Pub opens in former Fieldhouse location Steve Cahalan: Coulee Bank plans to expand into Holmen Gasterland to succeed Sturm as Coulee Bank CEO next spring Business Insider: La Crosse Kmart is on list of 72 stores Sears Holdings plans to close Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
