NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, June 4, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News ISIS Claims Responsibility for Attack; Prime Minister Says, ‘Enough Is Enough’ 7 Killed and Dozens Hurt in the Assault Near London Bridge By STEVEN ERLANGER Britain’s leader, Theresa May, vowed a sweeping review of the nation’s counterterrorism strategy after the attack, which ISIS said was carried out by “a detachment” of its “fighters.” The police shot and killed the three assailants within minutes. Officers arrested 12 people on Sunday.  Comments ‘People Running and Screaming. It Was Utter Horror’ By CEYLAN YEGINSU and STEPHEN FARRELL Witnesses described a scene of confusion and chaos, where bars were packed with people enjoying their Saturday night. Here’s what we know and don’t know » Ariana Grande performed at the “One Love Manchester” tribute concert on Sunday. Credit Pool photo by Danny Lawson Defiant Note at Ariana Grande Show Ms. Grande thanked the Manchester crowd for being “strong and unified” in her first appearance since a suicide bomber killed 22 people at her May 22 show there. By CHRISTOPHER D. SHEA How the Attacks in London Unfolded Three attackers drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge on Saturday before stabbing people at nearby Borough Market. Terrorist Attacks in Britain: A Short History 8:27 PM ET Trump Responds to London Attack with Twitter Storm By PETER BAKER 8:44 PM ET President Trump assailed political correctness, gun-control advocates and the mayor of London on Sunday, arguing that the world needed to be more serious about fighting terrorism. Trump Returns to Center of Partisan Media Combat Pictures From the Scene 1:58 ‘Get Down, Get Down’ By AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER, MALACHY BROWNE, MARK SCHEFFLER and DAVE HORN ‘Soft Power’ of a Russian Bank Comes to Light in U.S. Inquiry By BEN PROTESS, ANDREW E. KRAMER and MIKE McINTIRE 9:22 PM ET Investigators of possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign are looking at Jared Kushner’s meeting with the head of VEB, a bank owned by the Russian state. “This is not a bank,” said a Standard & Poor’s analyst. “We should rather treat this bank as a government agency.” A Pledge to Remake Nuclear Arsenal Now Faces Higher Costs By JAMES GLANZ and DAVID E. SANGER 7:42 PM ET The estimate of a project to fulfill President Trump’s pledge to remake the nation’s atomic arsenal is 20 percent more than once envisioned, and it is unclear if the White House can stomach the cost. G.M. Wants to Drive Future of Cars That Drive Themselves By BILL VLASIC 5:47 PM ET General Motors is redirecting energy and capital toward a race with Silicon Valley to create self-driving cars. Adventures in Capitalism EpiPen Price Caused Much Outrage, but Firm Hasn’t Budged By CHARLES DUHIGG Mylan has an effective monopoly on a lifesaving product, which has allowed its leaders to see public outrage as a tax they must pay. What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins By GRAHAM BOWLEY A Pennsylvania jury will consider a case against Mr. Cosby, once a father figure and moral force, whom many women have accused of criminal misconduct. Sign Up for Updates on the Cosby Trial The Daily 360 0:45 Making a Living by Jumping Off a Cliff Kassie Bracken/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. For the Hmong, marijuana farming is not only a commercial opportunity but also a chance to return to a rural lifestyle. Credit Jim Wilson/The New York Times California’s ‘Green Rush’ Draws Hmong Immigrants Legal marijuana cultivation is drawing former farmers from Laos and their families to the northern hills, and to a life that feels like home. By THOMAS FULLER Your Morning Briefing By CHARLES McDERMID 8:01 PM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Smarter Living Trilobites An Effect of Climate Change You Could Really Lose Sleep Over By JUSTIN GILLIS Hotter nights in a warming world could have significant effects on how well people sleep, a new study suggests. The Fix The Starter Tool Kit for Home Improvements By MICHELLE HIGGINS Even the most reluctant D.I.Y.er needs a few basic tools. Here’s what the experts suggest.  Comments Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Climate Science Meets a Stubborn Obstacle: Students By AMY HARMON 7:27 PM ET A new teacher’s efforts to educate teenagers in Ohio coal country ran up against a cultural resistance to evidence of the human role in global warming. 16 Years Later, Bush’s Climate Pact Exit Holds Lessons for Trump Warriors Handily Defeat the Cavaliers in Game 2 By HARVEY ARATON 10:55 PM ET Coach Steve Kerr returned to the bench as Golden State remained unbeaten in 14 games this postseason and took a 2-0 series lead against Cleveland in the N.B.A. finals. Celebrities Flock to Watch Warriors. And That’s Just Practice. Critic's Notebook What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? By WESLEY MORRIS The “Real Time With Bill Maher” host overstepped his privilege as a famous comedian. That’s bad. But it’s not a hate crime. New York Turns Food Waste Into Black Gold By EMILY S. RUEB A multimillion-dollar campaign is aimed at cutting down on greenhouse gas emissions and reliance on landfills by turning organic refuse into compost and, soon, clean energy. The Velvet Rope Economy The Doctor Is In. Co-Pay? $40,000. By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ For five-figure annual fees, boutique medical services offer the wealthiest Americans the chance to cut the line and receive the best treatment. Side Street Benjy Melendez’s Legacy: Peace and Hope in the Bronx By DAVID GONZALEZ The onetime gang member, who helped broker a truce among gangs in 1971 and became a longtime counselor, remained upbeat to the very end. More News Emirates Cut Ties With Qatar, Accusing It of Destabilizing Region Wendell Burton, Actor and Megachurch Minister, Dies at 69 Mexico Governor’s Race Offers Chance to Defeat Ruling Party Portland Killings Dredge Up Legacy of Racism in Oregon Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Refugees and Terrorism, or Refugees and Lost Opportunity? In this week’s newsletter, a return to Baghdad and the tragedy of an Iraqi-Australian killed for an ice cream. Players Want Margaret Court Arena Renamed Over Remarks on Gays The Australian champion’s comments about gays and same-sex marriage have reignited a debate about her legacy and how tennis should celebrate her. Passenger’s Bomb Threat Forces Plane’s Return to Australia A flight bound for Malaysia returned to Australia after an unruly man, believed to be drunk, unsuccessfully tried to gain access to the cockpit. Harlem’s Fashion Outlaw Dapper Dan Twenty-five years after luxury labels sued his Harlem boutique out of existence, Gucci looks to the couturier Daniel Day, better known as Dapper Dan, for inspiration. The Modern Love Podcast, With Debra Winger The “Lovers” actress reads “You May Want to Marry My Husband,” Amy Krouse Rosenthal’s dating profile for her husband, published before the author’s death. ‘If We Die, Then We Can’t Do Much’ In the new documentary “If You’re Not in the Obit, Eat Breakfast,” the comedian Carl Reiner serves as tour guide to the still-vital lives of his nonagenarian friends. Sunday Review Editorial Another Terrorist Attack, and More Agony, in Britain The latest outrage has not disrupted the democratic process or democratic values.  Comments Is London Pride Enough? By JENNI RUSSELL Britons are quick to show their stoicism. But after another attack, unease is palpable. A Very British Response Editorial: More Agony in U.K. Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop On Ireland’s Border: ‘That Sad Old Game’ By GARRETT CARR Thanks to “Brexit,” Borderlanders have to adapt, yet again, to what distant powers decide for them. Dowd: Trump Stomps Earth Douthat: Neither Hot Nor Cold on Climate Kristof: What Monkeys Can Teach Us About Fairness Bruni: The Triumph of ‘Wonder Woman’ Editorial: Proof That Trump’s Lobbyist Ban Is Worthless User Subscriptions Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom Ahead of Breaking News, a Shoe Story That Fits Times Insider » Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music What Happened at the New York Philharmonic? Sunday Review Choosing When and How to Die A story about a terminally ill Canadian man’s death by lethal injection, after he attended his own wake, evoked strong, and varying, reactions. Book Review Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: By the Book Fashion & Style ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Star Ready for His Big Day Sunday Review Springtime’s Not-So-Peaceable Kingdom Times Insider Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom Design & Interiors A Lesson on Layering Prints Sunday Review Rocketing to the Sun and Its Flaming Secrets NASA is launching the first satellite aimed at our own star to uncover the mysteries of its atmosphere. Food The Makings of a Delicious Eton Mess Business Day Barbara Corcoran on the Power of Positivity Sunday Review What I Learned at Cowboy Camp Art & Design An Artist and Her ‘Beautiful Boy’ Sections World » After London Attack, Prime Minister Says, ‘Enough Is Enough’ London Attacks: ‘It Was Utter Horror’ Trump’s Off-the-Cuff Tweets Strain Foreign Ties Business Day » Oculus Founder Plots a Comeback With a Virtual Border Wall G.M. Wants to Drive the Future of Cars That Drive Themselves Sinclair Broadcasting Said to Be in Talks With Ex-Sony TV Chief Steve Mosko Opinion » Opinion: How Interracial Love Is Saving America Editorial: America in Retreat Frank Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop U.S. » Climate Science Meets a Stubborn Obstacle: Students Portland Killings Dredge Up Legacy of Racist Laws in Oregon From Maine, a Call for a More Measured Take on Health Care Technology » G.M. Wants to Drive the Future of Cars That Drive Themselves Oculus Founder Plots a Comeback With a Virtual Border Wall Jean Sammet, Co-Designer of a Pioneering Computer Language, Dies at 89 Arts » Ariana Grande Brings Message of Defiance to Concert for Manchester Victims Critic's Notebook: What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins Politics » Trump, Who Pledged to Overhaul Nuclear Arsenal, Now Faces Increased Costs White House Memo: 16 Years Later, Bush’s Climate Pact Exit Holds Lessons for Trump From Maine, a Call for a More Measured Take on Health Care Fashion & Style » The Fashion Outlaw Dapper Dan Encounters: Young Tony Nominee of ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Gets Ready for His Big Day At the ‘Summer White House,’ You Are Never Far From a Trump Photo Movies » ‘Wonder Woman’ Deflects Doubt to Win Battle at the Box Office Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ Is a Blockbuster That Lets Itself Have Fun The Woman Behind ‘Wonder Woman’ New York » New York Police Officer in Critical Condition After Being Dragged by Car Rebuking Congress, Cuomo Plans to Keep State Health Care Plans Intact Question in Battle Over ‘Diller Island’: Which Billionaire Blinks First? Sports » Celebrities Flock to Warriors. And We’re Talking About Practice. Warriors 132, Cavaliers 113 | Warriors lead the series, 2-0: Warriors Handily Defeat the Cavaliers in Game 2 India, Pakistan and Something Deeper Than Cricket Theater » ‘Pamplona’ Is Canceled After Stacy Keach Falls Ill Now ‘Spamilton’ Really Can’t Miss Its Shot to Tease ‘Hamilton’ ‘Building the Wall,’ Which Imagines Life After Trump, to Close Science » The Mummies’ Medical Secrets? They’re Perfectly Preserved Third Gravitational Wave Detection, From Black-Hole Merger 3 Billion Light Years Away Fruit Flies and Mice to Get New Home on Space Station, at Least Temporarily Obituaries » Jimmy Piersall, Whose Mental Illness Was Portrayed in ‘Fear Strikes Out,’ Dies at 87 Sara Ehrman, Outspoken Feminist With Deep Ties to Clintons, Dies at 98 Jean Sammet, Co-Designer of a Pioneering Computer Language, Dies at 89 Television » Critic's Notebook: What Was Bill Maher’s Big Mistake? What to Expect as Bill Cosby’s Sex Assault Trial Begins Review: ‘If You’re Not in the Obit, Eat Breakfast’ Finds Vigor After 90 Health » The Empathetic Dog New Electrical Brain Stimulation Technique Shows Promise in Mice Trump Rule Could Deny Birth Control Coverage to Hundreds of Thousands of Women Travel » Where I Live: My Rome: Still a Classic Beauty Update: How a Shift in U.S. Policy Could Affect Travel to Cuba 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Canterbury, England Books » New Life for a 125-Year-Old Literary Journal Summer Reading: Summer Thrillers: Daring Escapes and Other Acts of Derring-Do Profile: Plot Twist! John Grisham’s New Thriller Is Positively Lawyerless Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Messages to Graduates: Stand Up, Fight Back, Speak Out Food » Wine School: Your Next Lesson: Thirst Quenchers Wine School: Thrilling and Joyless? The Polarity of Sweet Riesling Hungry City: For This Soup, Some Assembly Is Required (and Provided) Sunday Review » The Six-Day War at 50: The Past 50 Years of Israeli Occupation. And the Next. Editorial: America in Retreat Frank Bruni: These Campus Inquisitions Must Stop Real Estate » The Fix: The Best Way to Cool Your Space Living In: Salisbury, Conn.: An Antidote for Cabin Fever 360 View: When Mom Picks Out Your Apartment for You The Upshot » Economic Trends: Economic Fallout of Climate Move? It Depends on How We Value Time Urban Studies: A Revitalized Pittsburgh Says the President Used a Rusty Metaphor Economic View: A Tax Cut Might Be Nice. But Remember the Deficit. Magazine » The New York Issue: New York Stories Still Processing: At the Movies, the Beach Is the Ultimate Freedom. And in Life? Notebook: The Enduring Appeal of Seeing Trump as Chess Master in Chief Automobiles » Wheels: Hyundai Faces Tough Times as Buyers Go Big Driven: Video Review: After 15-Year Break, Lincoln Continental Returns With Style Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See T Magazine » Meet the Musicians Who Modeled for Gucci Some Things T Editors Are Really Into Right Now Home and Work: In One Fabric Designer’s Home, a Lesson on Layering Prints Times Insider » The View From Behind the Velvet Rope Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom The N.B.A. Finals and the LeBron James Effect Real Estate » Big Ticket Art Dealer’s Fifth Avenue Co-op Sells for $55 Million By VIVIAN MARINO The Colombian financier Carlos Alejandro Pérez Dávila buys Robert H. Ellsworth’s palatial third-floor apartment for $55 million.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) How to build a state trooper One Love Manchester concert being carried live around the world Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Prime minister vows to fight back 'Run, Hide, Tell' likely saved lives Trump may not block Comey testimony Trump's tweets take combative tone Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Depth foils LeBron's triple-double Wildcats stun Tar Heels Benintendi backs Sale 7th inning stretches another Mets loss Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Next for Trump: infrastructure Coming up with a down payment the biggest hurdle On The Move Farmers, lawmakers call for respect of workers amid Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Best of the Capital Region 2017: Italian restaurant New York City mourns a first responder to 9/11 Naughty by Nature, Outlaws join Alive at Five lineup People in the news: Boy? Girl? Don't tell Serena Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Ciudad Juarez museum tells Mexican Revolution story Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The Battle of Midway – And An Unexpected Saratoga Conservatism, properly understood, part 2 Schodack Food Truck Festival June 4 We have baby birds. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Freihofer's runner helps us see disabilities in a new light Editorial: Let's get specific, Albany Region's job market ready to embrace college grads The Buzz Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Learning lessons from a garage sale fail High & Low House of the Week: Rowhouse on Washington Park, Albany June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Walmart-touts-investment-in-people-technology-11192563.php Walmart touts investment in people, technology by Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D'innocenzio, associated Press Published 7:33 pm, Friday, June 2, 2017 Fayetteville, Ark. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. Most Popular 1 Fired police officer accuses small department of corruption 2 Suspect detained in Sunday afternoon Cohoes shooting 3 How to build a state trooper 4 Photos: 10 restaurants to visit in Albany 5 The Latest: Trump assails London mayor for reassuring public 6 Serious ATV crash in Washington County 7 Rivers Casino unveils new hotel name, logo View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines It’s strawberry season Battle Ground schools get new leadership Class of 2017 pursues ideals Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Agendas for the week’s government meetings Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Weather Eye: Enjoy return to seasonal norms, sun’s reappearance Cyclists, officials pedal through Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Cycling around the city of Vancouver can be a joy -- except for those spots where it's a big problem. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Miranda pitches 4-hitter as Mariners sweep Rays Zunino’s slam, 7 RBIs power Mariners past Rays Miami’s Volquez throws first no-hitter of 2017 Horan scores twice in Thorns’ road win Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Ways homebuyers can leap the down-payment hurdle Workers reluctant to take time off Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Lyft’s first diversity report shows workforce mostly white and male Berko: Just can’t recommend investing in General Motors Health Worker Report Berko: Will the Federal Reserve sell bonds? Kangol comes home: Hat firm’s return to U.S. encounters many challenges Convicted fraud figure arrested again Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Synology might not be a company you’ve heard much about. The technology firm makes network attached storage appliances that can… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Leo seriously great in show about laughs Podcaster mixes humor and politics ‘Jurassic World’ exhibit is mix of art, science How ‘Wonder Woman’ director Patty Jenkins cracked the superhero-movie glass ceiling Mayim Bialik pens guide for young girls Holy Fire burns in U.S. for first time Takei slams racist criticism of ‘Star Trek’ Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program Big brands wake up to demand for modest fashion Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program It’s almost Summer Reading time at the library — yahoo! In case you thought the Summer Reading program was just… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan Ahead for Parking Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Harrop: U.S. happiness rank is sad Wyman: Libraries provide valuable services, deserve federal support Will: Hail Buckley, conservatism’s shining star Griffin’s Trump stunt was offensive Letter: Bridge group is on right path Letter: Trump is, above all, a realist Letter: Travel ban misses its target Letter: Demand answers from Trump Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Wal-Mart touts investment in people, technology CEO says workers shouldn’t fear rise of automation in retail Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Wal-Mart shareholders meeting Friday at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D’INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: June 2, 2017, 4:21 PM A   A FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Wal-Mart has introduced or tested in the past year, such as grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company also has put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future — robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon suggested that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Wal-Mart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Wal-Mart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Wal-Mart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies in Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Southeastern's season comes to an end following loss to Rice Mayor Landrieu expresses support for NOPD after most violent day of the year Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages 2017-06-02T21:07:43Z2017-06-02T21:10:58Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering - part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting - comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future -robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:16 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:16 GMT As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:13 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:13 GMT Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:12 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:12 GMT An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:10 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:10 GMT A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a balancing act In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a balancing act Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:11 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:11:48 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:11 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:11:48 GMT Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is in the middle of a balancing act as he tries to win a nationally watched special election in a traditionally conservative Georgia House district.More >> Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is in the middle of a balancing act as he tries to win a nationally watched special election in a traditionally conservative Georgia House district.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 5:52 PM EDT Updated: Friday, June 2, 2017 5:53 PM EDT JORDAN TIDWELL BENTONVILLE, AR -- Walmart announced on Thursday (June 1) that they will begin testing associate delivery. This announcement comes during a Role of Digital at Walmart meeting during Walmart Shareholders Week. The new delivery system will get online orders to customers' doors using Walmart associates. Walmart said the test program will cut shipping costs and get the packages to their destinations faster. President and CEO of Walmart E-Commerce Marc Lore said this program is optional for the associates. "Imagine hundreds of associates they live all around different neighborhoods around the Walmart," he said. "We take the packages and say okay this associate lives over here and they're going to drive this way. Here's one one along the route." Delivery trucks will be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, where an associate can sign up to deliver the items to the customer's house. Walmart spokesperson Danit Marquardt said this gives associates a way to earn extra income on their drive home. With this test program, most packages are delivered the day after the customer places the order. Amazon has something similar, as they offer same-day delivery services in a lot of locations across the country. "This is, you know, an interesting test and a great test that we are doing to ultimately leverage our unique assets including our stores, our fulfillment networks and our group of associates," she said. Associates will be able to choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of each package and which days they are able to make deliveries. Walmart developed an app for this that allows the associates to put in their address and it gives them packages they can deliver on their commute route. "Imagine in the future the possibilities once this network is built out," Lore said. "It allows people to deliver products that are already in the store, fresh or whatever the same day to customers." Walmart is testing this delivery system in three stores, two in New Jersey and one in Northwest Arkansas. KFSM TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 89° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Abundant sunshine. Tonight Clear skies. Low 59F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 2:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 4 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 0 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Technology × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Coulee Bank plans to expand into Holmen Creekside Grill & Pub opens in former Fieldhouse location Gasterland to succeed Sturm as Coulee Bank CEO next spring Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Local officials are optimistic about summer tourism season Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 75° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mostly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 91F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Mostly clear skies. Low 59F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 3, 2017 @ 11:55 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 4 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 0 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Technology × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Muscatine softball sweeps triple-header at L-M tournament Wilton boys golf finishes ninth at state; Durant's Leo Callison places 32nd in individual standings Inability to score knocks Columbus Community out of substate final Nolan Osland delivers dramatic walk-off single in Muskie home opener Local roundup: Burkamper falls to Iowa More on this topic Trump filed for an extension on his 2016 tax return Denver airport developing $1B renovation partnership American Airlines plane veers off Texas runway, stuck in mud Juneau airport considering fees for Lyft, Uber rides The Latest: Flights resume after plane goes off Texas runway Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Morgan ready to take on 'dream job' as Muscatine athletic director Highway 61 traffic cam turned off while Muscatine appeals court ruling Muscatine police looking for information in assault investigation Lynne Weber Longtime waitress spreads her wings to open Birdsley's Diner 4 construction projects to know about in Muscatine area this month Nursing home officials say facilities are suffering because of new regulations Council votes to regulate fireworks sales and use 10 years later: Muscatine, Fruitland residents remember 2007 tornado Police identify body found in Mississippi River as missing Clinton woman Currents Muscatine, Iowa News: The Muscatine Journal Four facts about the history of Memorial Day Food Where are the bakery capitals of America? +11 World Photos: Inside Iraq's slow grind to retake IS-held Mosul Penguins lose special teams battle, game to Nashville Walker hurts old team again, Mets beat Pirates 4-2 Nashville helps Preds' celebrate history with 1st Cup Final Preds rout Pens 5-1, pull within 2-1 in Stanley Cup Final Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 27 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Walmart bucks trend and increases in-store and online sales Post to Facebook Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Walmart bucks trend and increases in-store and online sales  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2szc8um {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Writers Published 5:17 p.m. ET June 2, 2017 | Updated 5:21 p.m. ET June 2, 2017 Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Photo: Jason Ivester / AP) 27 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Fayetteville, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company’s traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from online giant Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also made serious investments in its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites. McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. “We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. Walmart’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world as well as shareholders, analysts and several members of the founding Walton family. Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and The Band Perry performed while Blake Shelton, Stefani’s boyfriend and co-star from “The Voice,” served as host. Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark.  (Photo: Jason Ivester / AP) McMillon highlighted the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations about employees excelling at their jobs, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. Both comments prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Blake Jackson, a Walmart spokesman, said the company’s leave policies for hourly workers are significantly better than most of the industry. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company also spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and Moosejaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, including department stores wrestling with weak sales. Target, a key rival, is trying to turn around a string of quarterly declines for a key sales measure and customer traffic. As a result, investors have been drawn to Walmart’s shares. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. 27 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2szc8um TOP VIDEOS Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz Trump may not try to block Comey testimony California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Quick count gives lead to ruling party in key Mexico State 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Walmart-touts-traditional-retail-roots-as-11192282.php Walmart touts traditional retail roots as advantage By Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D’Innocenzio Published 2:26 pm, Friday, June 2, 2017 FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company’s traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also made investments in its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites. McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. Latest business videos “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience.”We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. Walmart’s online sales grew as it tinkered with shipping offers and other services, and the retailer drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world as well as shareholders, analysts and several members of the founding Walton family. Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and the Band Perry performed while Blake Shelton served as host. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. Both comments prompted cheers from the employees. McMillon highlighted the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and Jet Fresh delivery, which provides grocery delivery in one or two days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. As a result, investors have been drawn to Walmart shares, which have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D’Innocenzio are Associated Press writers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 Killion: Kerr's return has risk, but he completes Warriors Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 2 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 5 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 6 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Celebrities want to see the Golden State Warriors any way they... 9 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 10 Man clobbers protesters with a bike lock at a Berkeley rally,... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Home > Games > Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming Posted by Jeremy Konrad June 2, 2017 5 Comments Transformers: The Last Night is coming to theaters June 21, and as one would imagine, plenty of toys are coming as well. While initial waves have already hit stores, there are plentiful amounts of others on the way. Personally, I can’t wait to get my hands on Skullitron and Nitro. AND LOOK AT THAT CYBERTRON PLANET!!! Looks like most of the stores exclusives will be coming to Walmart and Toys R Us as well. Here, straight from Hasbro themselves, are descriptions and many, many pics of them all: TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS COGMAN Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE FIGURE assortment features a lineup of highly articulated, 5.5-inch-scale figures of fan-favorite AUTOBOT and DECEPTICON characters. One of the latest figures in the PREMIER EDITION DELUXE FIGURE assortment is the AUTOBOT COGMAN.  COGMAN might look like a welcoming butler, but if a DECEPTICON attacks those he protects, the calculating AUTOBOT will strike back with colossal retaliation.  Offering impressive detail inspired by the movie, COGMAN converts from robot mode to sports car mode, Licensed by Aston Martin, in 16 steps.  This PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figure can be positioned in exciting, battle ready poses and features an awesome movie-inspired accessory and removable Titan Master head.  Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS MEGATRON AND SKULLITRON (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figures are the perfect way for fans to join in the epic TRANSFORMERS action. The latest characters in this scale include MEGATRON and SKULLITRON.  In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new evil rises in an epic struggle for the fate of Earth and new heroes must rise to forge a future for all.  As MEGATRON leads the DECEPTICONS to wage war on Earth, SKULLITRON charges back into action to uphold his sacred knight’s oath.  These 5.5-inch-scale PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figures can be positioned in exciting, battle ready poses and feature an awesome movie-inspired accessory.  MEGATRON converts between robot and jet modes in 19 steps, and SKULLITRON converts between knight and dragon modes in 17 steps.  MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature CYBERTRONIAN glyphs and mission cards that can be deciphered with an online decoder at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron.  Each figure comes with one accessory. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS HOT ROD Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the Autobots Unite. Autobots Unite figures feature the greatest Autobot heroes from Transformers: The Last Knight movie. This TRANSFORMERS PREMIER EDITION DELUXE HOT ROD figure is articulated with eye-catching detail.  In the explosive TRANSFOMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. AUTOBOT HOT ROD doesn’t look back at the battles he’s won, only the feats yet to come. The brash warrior charges full force into a DECEPTICON firefight, eager to encounter his next chance to be a hero and inspire his fellow comrades to join the fight.  This 5.5-inch-scale, movie inspired AUTOBOT HOT ROD converts to Lamborghini Centenario vehicle mode in 14 steps.  Available exclusively at Walmart. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION LEADER CLASS DRAGONSTORM Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $49.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new heroes must rise in an epic struggle to forge a future for all. As colossal forces threaten the universe, Knights of CYBERTRON, DRAGONICUS and STORMREIGN, merge to become an even greater one—the mighty, fire-breathing DRAGONSTORM!  The action is now at a bigger scale for fans and collectors alike with the DRAGONSTORM figure, the latest figure from the PREMIER EDITION LEADER CLASS assortment, which stands at a 9-inch-scale with premium detail, intricate articulation and eye-catching packaging. Convert DRAGONICUS from knight to dragon mode in 26 steps. Convert STORMREIGN from knight to dragon mode in 27 steps. Combine DRAGONICUS and STORMREIGN to form the 3-headed DRAGONSTORM figure in five easy steps. Also comes with accessories. Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com.  TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION VOYAGER CLASS DECEPTICON NITRO Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $29.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new evil will rise in an epic struggle where the fate of Earth hangs in balance. The only way to contain massive power of DECEPTICON NITRO is to lock him away… A tracking specialist and high-risk criminal, the DECEPTICONS turn to NITRO to find their most valuable targets. The lethal hunter scours the globe to trap his prey and turn them over to the clutches of his merciless leader, MEGATRON. Grab a piece of the movie action with the DECEPTICON NITRO figure, the latest figure from the TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION VOYAGER CLASS assortment, which is designed with eye-catching detail and features complex conversions. The DECEPTICON NITRO figure converts from robot to jet mode in 35 steps and comes with awesome weapon accessories. Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT 1-STEP TURBO CHANGER AUTOBOTS UNITE 2-Figure Pack (Ages 5 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $14.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the exciting TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT film, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. BUMBLEBEE and AUTOBOT HOT ROD brave challenges that many bots won’t dare to face. Standing as powerful warriors on their own, they unite to become the brothers in arms. Together, they are an unstoppable force on the battlefield, destined for DECEPTICON domination! In this TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT 1-STEP TURBO CHANGER AUTOBOTS UNITE 2-Figure Pack, BUMBLEBEE and HOT ROD unite! Experience the thrill of quick conversion with these 4.25 inch scale figures that switch modes in one exciting motion. Convert the BUMBLEBEE figure from robot to Chevrolet Camaro vehicle in one step, and convert the HOT ROD figure from robot to sports car in one step! Available exclusively at Walmart.    TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON INFERNOCUS 5-BOT COMBINER Figure (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $34.99/Available: Summer 2017) In TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT, new evil rises in a battle where the fate of Earth hangs in the balance. In the dark depths of the universe, five revolting INFERNOCON demons seethe with fiery strength to protect the mysterious sorceress, QUINTESSA. When threats approach, they combine to form a cindering force of infernal fury—the menacing INFERNOCUS. The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on with the 5-BOT COMBINER INFERNOCUS Figure, featuring a translucent QUINTESSA figure. The pack features five INFERNOCON figures including SKULK, RUPTURE, INFERNOCON THRASH, GORGE and GLUG. Combine them to form an INFERNOCUS figure, inspired by the character from TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT. MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature CYBERTRONIAN glyphs and mission cards that can be deciphered with an online decoder at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. The five INFERNOCON figures convert in 4 to 14 steps and also comes with two exciting weapon accessories. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON CONVERTING CYBERTRON PLANET Figure (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $149.99/Available: Summer 2017) The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on in TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT with this CONVERTING CYBERTRON PLANET Figure. CYBERTRON is a massive, converting planet forged from a mighty and legendary spark. Home to eons of TRANSFORMERS, he rests in planet mode, until combat so colossal erupts that CYBERTRON awakens again… The CYBERTRON PLANET figure is an impressive, 11-inch-scale figure that’s detailed with famous cities of CYBERTRON and converts between robot, attack, defense and planet modes in 18 steps. Activate lights, sounds, and weapon accessories with lock and key included in the pack. The CYBERTRON PLANET figure features glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON DELUXE OPTIMUS PRIME 2-Pack (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $39.99/Available: Summer 2017) To protect Earth and its human inhabitants, OPTIMUS PRIME hides in truck mode until the evil DECEPTICONS attack. On his home planet, he valiantly faces enemies in CYBERTRON truck mode, designed to navigate across the evolving metal planet and protect him from powerful CYBERTRONIAN forces. The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on in TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT with this DELUXE 2-Pack, including OPTIMUS PRIME and CYBERTRON OPTIMUS PRIME figures. Change the OPTIMUS PRIME figure from robot to truck mode in 12 steps, and convert the CYBERTRON OPTIMUS PRIME figure from robot to CYBERTRONIAN truck mode in 13 steps. Each figure comes with its own awesome weapon accessory. MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT LEGION CLASS AUTOBOT HOT ROD Figure (Ages 6 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $5.99/Available: Summer 2017) In TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. When it comes time for battle, AUTOBOT HOT ROD is the first to charge full force into a DECEPTICON firefight. The brash warrior doesn’t look back on his past feats, only the challenges yet to come. Eager to inspire his fellow comrades to join the fight, AUTOBOT HOT ROD proves time and time again that courage trumps all. Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the AUTOBOTS unite! The LEGION CLASS AUTOBOT HOT ROD Figure is inspired by the fan-favorite character in the TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie. The figure is made with eye-catching detail and stands at a 3-inch scale with classic TRANSFORMERS conversion. Convert this HOT ROD figure between robot and sports car in five easy steps! Available exclusively at Walmart.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $9.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie is an explosive battle featuring new heroes battling in an epic struggle to forge a future for all, and these MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment figures allow kids to unite with some of the powerful warriors from the movie! The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment features a variety of AUTOBOT hero and DECEPTICON villain duos: BUMBLEBEE and AUTOBOT HOT ROD, OPTIMUS PRIME and RAVENSPAR and MEGATRON and BERSERKER. The 3-inch-scale figures feature classic conversion between modes, basic articulation and movie-inspired detail. Each sold separately.  Available exclusively at Walmart. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $11.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie is an explosive battle featuring new heroes battling in an epic struggle to forge a future for all, and these MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment figures allow kids to unite with some of the powerful warriors from the movie! The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment features the AUTOBOT hero and DECEPTICON villain duos: OPTIMUS PRIME and GRIMLOCK and BUMBLEBEE and MEGATRON. The 3-inch-scale figures feature classic conversion between modes, basic articulation and movie-inspired detail.  MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures also feature glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Each sold separately. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT AUTOBOTS UNITE FLIP & CHANGE Figures (Ages 6 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. AUTOBOT HOT ROD is the first to battle, and the last to leave. BUMBLEBEE leads the rally cry for the AUTOBOT brotherhood. Both AUTOBOT leaders take full force into the fight with no questions asked and will stop at nothing to defend the freedom of their fellow AUTOBOTS. Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the AUTOBOTS unite! The AUTOBOTS UNITE FLIP & CHANGE Assortment includes fan-favorite characters from TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT—AUTOBOT HOT ROD and BUMBLEBEE. The figures are designed with eye catching detail and converts in quick, flip and change motions. AUTOBOT HOT ROD and BUMBLEBEE both convert between robot and sports car in two steps. To convert each figure between robot and sports car, swing arms out, flip legs upward and flip torso downward in a quick, 2-step flip and change motion. Each sold separately. Available exclusively at Walmart. (Last Updated June 2, 2017 4:01 pm ) Further Reading Transformers: The Last Knight Final Trailer (Maybe) Transformers: The Last Knight To Make Death Of Your Childhood Quick And Painless, Says Michael Bay Nerd Food: Transformers Roll Out! Transformers Slush From Sonic Two New TV Spots For Transformers: The Last Knight Yet Another 'Transformers: The Last Knight' Trailer Report: Travis Knight To Direct Transformers Bumblebee Spinoff Over 100+ Pictures of New Hasbro Transformers Figures Today In Pop Culture For June 2: Dead Poets Society, Babe Ruth, Honky Tonk Man, Tekken 7, National Donut Day, And More! Nintendo Still On The Fence About Giving You A Virtual Console On The Switch About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Jeremy Konrad Jeremy Konrad loves Star Wars and collecting action figures and collectibles. He also watches wrestling, maybe more than Jude Terror. Follow him on Twitter @jeremyohio Today In Pop Culture For June 4: Minecraft, Sex Pistols, Sandy Kofax, Wrath Of Khan, Gorilla Monsoon, And More! - June 4, 2017 NECA Alien Figure Exclusive For SDCC 2017 Is Totally Awesome. Cowabunga! - June 3, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 3: Big, Casey At The Bat, Elder Scrolls, Cerebus, TNA, Star Tours, And More! - June 3, 2017 Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming - June 2, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 2: Dead Poets Society, Babe Ruth, Honky Tonk Man, Tekken 7, National Donut Day, And More! - June 2, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Comments Recently Commented Representation Matters: Chief From ‘Wonder Woman’ Is Awesome 25m The Amazons In ‘Wonder Woman’ Could Kick Your Ass In Real Life 35m When Dan Slott, Magdalene Visaggio, And Nick Spencer Debated The Merits Of Event Comics On Twitter 1h In Box Office Estimates, Wonder Woman Has Passed The $100 Million Opening Weekend Mark 3h Wonder Woman 2 To Bring Wonder Woman To America, Says Director 3h Rainbow Rowell And Kris Anka To Bring Back Runaways (And Gert) At Marvel In September [UPDATED] First Trailer For ‘Murder On The Orient Express’ Arrives The 14 Free Comic Book Day 2017 Comics That Retailers Can Still Order ‘Kerbal Space Program’ Now In The Hands Of ‘GTAV’ Publishers Writer’s Commentary – Erik Burnham Talks KISS: Forever GWAR’s Beefcake The Mighty Comments On Kathy Griffin/Donald Trump Controversy, Teases New Album Will DC’s Dark Nights: Metal Catch A Digital Code? The Boom! Guarantee Shelf Displays Make It To Comic Stores, As Promised Mairghread Scott Announces Transformers: Till All Are One Cancelled With #12 – But There Will Be An Extra Annual To Follow ‘PokéLand’ Launches On Mobile To Continue The ‘Pokémon Rumble’ Series comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fight for JK House: Gloves are off as Singhanias brace for AGM bout Business Standard Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Reuters  |  Washington  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 09:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that the comapny will remain on the business council. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ How bad could Trump's Paris deal pull out be? A scientist's perspective 15th-century Chinese sailors have a lesson for Trump about climate policy Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? Trump's move to withdraw from Paris accord cedes global leadership to China Time for China and Europe to lead, as Trump dumps the Paris climate deal Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Read More On Us Companies | Donald Trump | Trump Paris Deal | Climate Change | Trump Climate Change | Jp Morgan | Ibm | Walmart | Donald Trump Paris Agreement | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon Lindsay Rittenhouse Jun 4, 2017 1:30 PM EDT Walmart (WMT) may soon be no match for Amazon (AMZN) , within the retail space, anyway. "Today, together, we're building a new Walmart," Doug McMillon, Walmart president and CEO, said at the company's annual shareholders meeting on Friday. The grandiose event brought Walmart executives, employees, partners, investors and even celebrities, like singers, songwriters and The Voice hosts Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton, under one roof to discuss the company's recent progress and where it still needs work. Stefani and Shelton, of course, did not participate in company discussions. At the meeting, McMillon revealed some more of the futuristic inventions Walmart is beginning to test at its stores, and it's almost daunting how progressive some of them are. First, Walmart is testing an automated pickup tower at five stores in Arkansas, Detroit, Houston, Atlanta and North Carolina. The tower allows customers, who choose to order something online and have it sent to a store, to pickup their purchase seamlessly, company spokeswoman Anne Hatfield told TheStreet. READ MORE: Walmart Is Loved on Wall Street, But a Deeper Dive Shows the Love Might Stop There Hatfield said the 16-foot tower can hold up to 300 small to mid-size packages and all customers have to do is walk up to it (its doors automatically open when it senses a person approach), use the screen to scan their mobile receipt's bar code and the tower disburses the package. Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart eCommerce U.S., at the company's shareholders meeting. "It's pretty darn cool," Hatfield said. The tower is loaded by employees and is used for packages that generally are around the size of a microwave. For larger items, customers still have to go to the pickup counter to get their package. McMillon also revealed at Friday's meeting that he envisions a Walmart that will eliminate the checkout process altogether. That shift would likely see checkout counters replaced by Scan and Go technology. "We have started to invent the future of shopping again," McMillon said. Plus, Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart eCommerce U.S., reiterated that Walmart is testing same-day shipping at the meeting. He had previously revealed this to TheStreet in an exclusive interview. "I'm looking forward to shaping the future of retail," Lore said. In what seemed to be an obvious jab at Amazon, Lore said Walmart is "empowering our customers to shop smarter" by offering various ways they can get discounts when they shop online and that its own shipping service carries "no membership fee." To get next-day shipping at Amazon, users have to pay for the Prime membership which costs $99 annually. Under Lore's leadership, which came with Walmart's August acquisition of his e-commerce company Jet.com, Walmart saw its online sales spike 63% in the first quarter. On Thursday, Walmart announced that it started testing a new delivery method that uses employees to deliver online purchases to customers' homes. The move expands on the retailer's Pickup Discount, announced in April, which offers customers the option to get a discount on certain items they buy online if they pick it up at a local store. Customers can still take advantage of Walmart's free two-day shipping, of course. Shares of Walmart closed slightly down to $79.62. Click here for the latest business headlines. Editor's Pick: Originally published June 2. If you liked this article you might like Future of Walmart Looks Like It Will Include Making Life Hell for Hated Rival Amazon Game on for Walmart. Brian Sozzi Jun 4, 2017 8:00 PM EDT This Chart Perfectly Shows How Amazon Is Absolutely Embarrassing Every Single Retailer Alive Amazon is crushing it. Brian Sozzi Jun 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDT Walmart Can Make Amazon Look Bad Like in wrestling, Walmart can turn into the good guy. Ed Ponsi Jun 4, 2017 2:00 PM EDT Trending 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores U.S. Stock Futures Tumble After London Terrorist Attack 10 Cool Features We'll Likely See on the $1,000 Apple iPhone Sense8, The Get Down and 5 Other Canceled Netflix Originals This Revolution Could Send Goodyear Tire's Stock Surging More Than 50%, Says Analyst Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
jezebel Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video TWSS The Muse Pictorial The Slot Dirt Bag Shade Court barf bag Walmart Accused of Punishing Workers for Sick Days, Miscarriages, and Pregnancy Hazel CillsFriday 11:40am Filed to: Walmart Pregnancy Discrimination 188 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image via Getty A new report from the workers advocacy group A Better Balance alleges that Walmart consistently punishes employees for taking sick days, even if they have proper documentation from doctors. According to the New York Times, A Better Balance has reportedly filed a complaint and a lawsuit against Walmart claiming that the company discriminates against pregnant workers and is violating the Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, both of which were disputed by the company. In a NYT interview the cashier Katie Orzehowski, who works at a Walmart in North Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, recounted trying to excuse missed shifts due to a miscarriage last fall using doctors’ notes and hospital records with no success. She had to go back to work out of fear of being fired, even though she was still bleeding. Advertisement According to Orzehowski, managers and supervisors “straight up tell you, ‘we don’t accept excuses,’” even though Walmart has written guidelines for how employers should respond to medical absences. According to the New York Times Walmart has not reviewed the report, which includes a survey of over 1,000 employees, but disputes the claims. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them” a spokesman for Walmart Randy Hargrove told the newspaper. This is far from the first time that Walmart has been criticized and sued for mistreating employees. In 2001 the company was sued for sexual discrimination. In 2012 Walmart was fined by the Labor Department for denying workers overtime and the company was sued in 2015 for the same reason. The company has also been accused of wage theft several times. Recommended Stories How ModCloth Strayed From Its Feminist Beginnings and Ended Up a Walmart Property Wal-Mart to Close 154 U.S. Stores, Impacting Roughly 10,000 Workers Wal-Mart Women's Fight Is Far From Over Hazel Cills hazel.cills@jezebel.com @hazelcills Pop Culture Reporter, Jezebel You may also like Jezebel Rebel Wilson's Defamation Trial Continues With Accusations of Interview Lies, and a Fixation on Disney Friday 11:20am Jezebel Trial Begins for The Word of Faith Fellowship, Which Allegedly Tried to Violently 'Exorcise' Gay Man Friday 1:25pm The Slot Trump's Ego Is Murdering Earth Friday 12:00pm Recent from Hazel Cills 127 51.9K Jezebel · Hazel Cills After Will.i.am Calls Her a 'Featured Female,' Fergie Says She Hasn't Actually Left the Black Eyed Peas Friday 5:30pm 13 16.3K Pictorial · Hazel Cills Hear from the Granddaughter of a Real-Life Inspiration for Wonder Woman Friday 3:35pm 6 215 35.3K Jezebel · Hazel Cills Food Blogger Sues Food Network Over Viral Cupcake Video Thursday 6:05pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jezebel Store Redirecting to the Jezebel store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 Wal-Mart asks employees do deliveries on their way home They will be paid extra for the trips Video Photo A Wal-Mart Stores Inc company distribution center in Bentonville, Arkansas June 6, 2013. The annual shareholders meeting for Walmart takes place June 7, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking Washington Post Jun 1, 2017 at 8:13 pm | Print View Walmart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Wal-Mart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. “It just makes sense. We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Wal-Mart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. “There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, ... London attack toll rises to 7 dead Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charg ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 3, 2017  /  Comments Off on Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: Walmart Headline: Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2, 2017 – Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent):Director Nominee For Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52% Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal.Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows:Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal.Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About WalmartWal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.     Print       Email Published: 2 days ago on June 3, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 3, 2017 @ 7:44 am Filed Under: Business, Commerce, Consumer Goods, Economics, English, Fiscal Updates, Global Economy, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Walmart NEXT ARTICLE → Public Debt Management Forum Confronts the Changes, Innovations and Future Challenges in Sovereign Markets ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Feinstein Statement on Intelligence Chairman Demanding Return of Torture Report Copies About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts UN chief strongly condemns terrorist attacks in London Statement on investigation into London Bridge and Borough Market terror attacks New York-Israel Global Path Through History Initiative New York-Israel Global Path Through History Initiative Canadian Defence Minister and Chief of the Defence Staff Attend Asia Security Summit © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Monday, June 05, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Narendra Modi is turning his strength Kashmir into India's weakness, says Rahul Gandhi: BJP slams Congress mindset AAP plans to stage country-wide protest to highlight farmers' plight on 10 June Rahul Gandhi in Andhra promises UPA-led in 2019 would grant special status to state: 'It's not a gift, it's your right' Mulayam Singh mum on participation in Lalu Prasad's 27 August rally Prime Minister Narendra Modi mishandling Kashmir issue, says Rahul Gandhi Amit Shah wraps up Kerala visit, sets poll target of 40% vote share for BJP workers Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's comfortable win a result of an archaic, insipid Pakistan show Highlights NBA Finals, Cleveland Cavaliers vs Golden State Warriors, Game 2: Warriors win 132-113 India vs Pakistan: Virat Kohli shuts off outside world to get back to business India vs Pakistan, Champions Trophy 2017: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh set up thumping win for 'Men in Blue' French Open 2017: Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal enter quarters for record-equalling 11th time Highlights India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017, cricket score and result: Kohli and Co win convincingly India Maharashtra farmers strike day 5: Protests continue as Shiv Sena supports statewide shutdown, excludes Mumbai Venkaiah Naidu hits out at Opposition for criticising Narendra Modi; says 'dark days of Emergency' have been forgotten Army chief Bipin Rawat says women will soon take on combat roles Uttar Pradesh: 22 die as bus catches fire in Bareilly after colliding with truck, several in critical condition Vijay Mallya seen at India vs Pakistan cricket match at Edgbaston stadium in Birmingham Jammu and Kashmir: CRPF jawans thwart suicide attack in Bandipora, 4 militants killed World London terror attack: Donald Trump vows to protect US from 'vile enemy', says 'bloodshed will end' Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar for allegedly supporting terrorism US, Australian officials warn of battle-hardened, 'angry' foreign fighters of Islamic State returning to Southeast Asia London Bridge attack: UK man who fled with pint of beer an unlikely inspiration on Twitter London terror attack: British Police discover YouTube link to Saturday's attack after tip-off from perpetrator's friend Pakistani forces kill 12 Islamic State terrorists in southwestern Balochistan province Business GST rollout: Banks not yet prepared, says Indian Bank Association to Parliamentary panel As GST rollout nears, pain points increase and the blame rests squarely on both central, state govts GST rates: Govt starts media awareness drive for common man to prevent being fleeced by traders GST expected to give level playing field to organised retail players, says report IT layoffs: Ravi Shankar Prasad says no downturn, retrenchment due to performance issues Wipro Chairman Azim Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17, CEO Neemuchwala's up 16% to $2.09 mn Entertainment Avengers: Infinity War to add Black Panther villain played by Winston Duke⁠⁠⁠⁠ Thugs of Hindostan: Will Aamir Khan get astronomical 70 per cent stake in profits? Bank Chor and the art of hit-and-miss self-deprecating promotional strategies in films Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins ready to direct the sequel Shah Rukh Khan's next with Aanand L Rai to be named Rangbaaz? Sonam Kapoor expresses interest in film school; says wants to learn something new Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt | Reuters Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 03 2017 01:45:04 IST #Reuters By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and IBM Corp (IBM.N), on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies.Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move."Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council.Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets.Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, said he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council.A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council.McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions."IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said.Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said.Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said.PepsiCo Inc (PEP.N) Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and General Electric Co (GE.N). GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council.AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people."Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption."The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.""If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (BX.N). Blackrock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (GM.N) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's (F.N) new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 03, 2017 01:45 am | Updated Date: Jun 03, 2017 01:45 am Also See India offers tax concessions to Apple to expand production - official | Reuters Special Report: As Modi and his Hindu base rise, so too does yoga tycoon Baba Ramdev | Reuters Islamic State claims responsibility for Manchester arena attack | Reuters India says it attacked Pakistan army posts in divided Kashmir | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN 2 Jun 6 ENG Vs NZ 3 Jun 7 PAK Vs SA 4 Jun 8 IND Vs SL 5 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN Full Schedule Top Stories Jammu and Kashmir: CRPF jawans thwart suicide attack in Bandipora, 4 militants killed 22 Passengers Killed as Bus Collides With Truck on NH-24 in Bareilly Rahul Gandhi in Andhra promises UPA-led in 2019 would grant special status to state: 'It's not a gift, it's your right' London terror attack: British Police discover YouTube link to Saturday's attack after tip-off from perpetrator's friend RERA: Here are few gaps in the real estate Act that demands urgent attention ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India's comfortable win a result of an archaic, insipid Pakistan show As GST rollout nears, pain points increase and the blame rests squarely on both central, state govts Salman Khan: 'I doubt Tubelight will break Baahubali 2's record, but don't feel the pressure' Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs BAN England beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN India beat Bangladesh by 240 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SL - Jun 8th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Jun 3, 2017 | 8:31am IST Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Silk Road hub or tax haven? China's new border trade zone may be less than it seems HORGOS, China/KHORGOS, Kazakhstan On the border of China and Kazakhstan, an international free trade zone has become a showpiece of Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature "Belt and Road" Initiative to boost global trade and commerce by improving infrastructure and connectivity. Russia's VTB head says all creditors have approved Rosneft-Essar deal ST PETERSBURG, Russia All creditors of India's Essar Oil have given their consent for the company's takeover by Russian oil major Rosneft, the head of Russia's VTB bank said on Saturday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick London attackers kill seven, PM May says "enough is enough" Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2, 2017 – Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent): Director Nominee For Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52% Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal. Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows: Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal. Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Navigation Satellite System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Next PostNext Medical Dialysis Devices Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton, and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abha Bhattarai By Abha Bhattarai June 2 Follow @abhabhattarai Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Just after 8 a.m., a woman descends from the ceiling at the Bud Walton Arena, 30 miles from Walmart’s headquarters. Gwen Stefani appears onstage and introduces the day’s host, country singer Blake Shelton. “This reminds me of my Shelton family reunions,” he tells the roaring crowd. “Except they don’t ever start at the crack of dawn.” And so begins the dizzying three-hour affair that is Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting. In between performances by Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and Rachel Platten, company executives take care of less glamorous matters — votes on executive compensation, corporate board nominations and a measure to bring more transparency to the makeup of the part-time workforce. An estimated 14,000 Walmart employees and shareholders are in the crowd, waving flags from 28 countries and chanting “Walmart, Walmart! Sam’s Club, Sam’s Club!” In between performances, Walmart executives continued to emphasize the need to move online to compete with Amazon.com, which executives referred to as “that other website.” They highlighted recent investments in training and technology and talked about the importance of cutting costs while increasing sales. Each 1-percent decrease in expenses amounts to a $1 billion savings for the company, Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs (introduced by Shelton as “the pharaoh of finance”) told shareholders. In recent years, Walmart has expanded its online inventory and has begun offering free two-day shipping on orders over $35. It has also found ways to keep its 4,600 stores relevant, by offering discounts to customers who pick up online orders in person. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon.com, owns The Washington Post.) “The advantage that we have is that we’re really building an omnichannel business, and customers in their lives want to shop in lots of different ways,” Doug McMillon, Walmart’s chief executive, told reporters Friday. “In a lot of the country and a lot of the world, people will stop in stores, online, they’ll pick up and order depending on what they want that moment. Our plan is to use all of our assets to win — and I think that’s an advantage.” Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Earlier in the week, the company announced it is enlisting employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The effort, meant to cut costs by eliminating third-party delivery services, is being tested in three U.S. stores. [Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work] “Technology is driving enormous change in retail, and the competition is very fierce,” Greg Foran, president and chief executive of Walmart U.S., said Friday. “But we have an advantage that no one else has: all of you, our associates.” But some employees were less concerned about the future than the present. A handful of shareholders and Walmart workers presented proposals at the meeting, calling on the company to treat its workers better by offering higher wages, improved benefits and more predictable schedules. “An unfair leave policy, reduced hours and low pay make it difficult for most of us to pay our bills and take care of our families,” said Carolyn Davis, who works at a Walmart store in Outer Banks, N.C., and was representing the activist group Organization United for Respect Walmart. “Walmart can, and should, live up to the promises it makes: letting us take care of our children when they are sick, and accepting our doctor’s notes.” Janie Grice, an employee from Marion, S.C., asked the company to offer more information on gender and racial information on the company’s part- and full-time workers. “Too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently, we can’t plan our lives or line up a second job. Too many of us still can’t pay our bills.” Walmart executives, for their part, touted the company’s investments in training and wages for employees. Earlier this year, the company said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers. “With respect to our associates, the $2.7 billion investment in training, education and wages — that really happened. That’s real,” said Jeff Gearhart, Walmart’s general counsel. “We’re also investing in technology to make our associates’ jobs easier and to help them serve our customers better.” Last year, he added, Walmart offered 150,000 part-time workers full-time positions and promoted 200,000 of its 1.2 million U.S. employees to higher-ranking jobs. Throughout the meeting, there were slides and videos highlighting company successes: a 30 percent year-over-year increase in the company’s share price, annual revenue of $486 billion, and an employee from Las Cruces, N.M., who sold 800 packages of Utz Cheese Balls in April, up from 33 a year ago. [Walmart is preparing to take on Amazon. But first, parachuting M&M’s.] Later, Gearhart returned to the stage to announce the outcome of the shareholders’ votes. Walmart got its way: All 11 nominees to its corporate board — including Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon, former Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer and at least two members of the Walton family — were elected (or reelected) by a majority vote. Shareholders also approved pay packages for Walmart executives, including McMillon, who last year received $22.4 million, and Marc Lore, the company’s head of e-commerce, who was paid $236.9 million last year — or $4.6 million per week. (For comparison’s sake, it would take an entry-level worker who makes $10 an hour nearly 220 years to make as much as Lore does in one week.) None of the proposals set forth by shareholders — including one that would have required the board chairman to be “independent of management,” and another that asked for transparency on the gender and racial makeup of part-time workers — were passed. Moments later, Stefani took to the stage again — this time, backup dancers in tow. She sang two songs, including a profanity-free version of “Hollaback Girl.” “Walmart! Sam’s Club!,” she shouted from the stage, midway through “Hella Good.” “This is our situation right now: I need to see every single one of you here jumping with me.” The crowd went wild. Read more: Flashlight Sneakers: The ‘huge trend’ Walmart is betting on Meet Marriott’s longest-standing employee: A 79-year-old omelet-maker business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. Follow @abhabhattarai 18 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Q&A: Internet extremism and how to combat it 2 Michael Bloomberg pledges his own money to help U.N. after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal 3 Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture subsidies 4 Analysis Trump wanted to preside over an economic boom. What if growth stalls before it starts? 5 Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton, and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.29% NASDAQ 0.94% Get quote Last Update: 06/04/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision Consumer Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Hurricane Center Eclipse 2017 Sky Cams Talking the Tropics Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries What's On WJAX-TV Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl NHRA Gatornationals Contest Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Adopt A Nest Jazz Festival Take Steps Walk March for Babies 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 506187273 Daytona Contest 506187279 NHRA Gatornationals Contest More Sign up for Action News Jax Newsletters Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Walmart asking employees to deliver online orders by: Jared Leone, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: Jun 2, 2017 - 2:57 PM An army of Walmart associates delivering online orders on their way home from work is the latest effort from the world’s largest retailer to speed shipments to customers to combat drone shipping and compete with online retailers like Amazon. The program is being tested at locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” wrote Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” >> Read more trending news The program is voluntary for employees, and Walmart pays them for the deliveries. Walmart did not share the pay structure in its blog post Thursday about the program.  “Associates are fully in control of their experience,” Lore wrote. “If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences. Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time.” The company is trying to leverage its largest assets including, 4,700 stores close to population centers and thousands of employees.  The effort comes as the retail giant looks to expand its online sales and compete with Amazon, which is experimenting with different delivery methods, including using drone technology.  A Walmart sign. (Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images) © 2017 Cox Media Group. Walmart asking employees to deliver online orders School choir joins Ariana Grande at 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert Dr. Seuss museum opens Gregg Allman remembered with musical jam at Big House Prince Harry honors London attack victims at Ramadan service News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's now on IFTTT. Check it out! Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test! × 91509711 story Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days (vice.com) 214 Posted by msmash on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:25PM from the ugly-side dept. A new report from the workers advocacy group A Better Balance alleges that Walmart consistently punishes employees for taking sick days, even if they have proper documentation from doctors. From a report: A Better Balance interviewed and surveyed more than 1,000 Walmart workers about the company's absence control program -- which awards disciplinary "points" for absences regardless of reason -- and found the retail giant to be in violation of multiple laws. "Giving a worker a disciplinary 'point' for being absent due to a disability or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition is not only unfair," the report reads, "in many instances, it runs afoul of federal, state, and local laws." Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove told the Times that the allegations are false, and that the company "understand[s] that associates may have to miss work on occasion," and that they "have processes in place to assist them." The report's worker testimonials say differently. "I came down with a stomach flu and I had to call in due to vomiting and high fever and got a point cause of being sick," recalls an Illinois employee named Veronica. "I hate the fact we got to worry about getting fired cause we caught the flu." amazon business money ← You may like to read: → Denmark Is Killing Tesla and Other Electric Cars Donald Trump Wins US Presidency Garmin Engineer Shot And Killed By Man Yelling 'Get Out Of My Country!' Trump Announces US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Universal Basic Income Programs Arrive Russia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' VR Sports? It Can Be a Billion Dollar Business, Says Intel CEO Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days More | Reply Login Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 214 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. employees or associates? (Score:4, Interesting) by myowntrueself ( 607117 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:27PM (#54537505) There seems to be an inconsistency, on the one hand they are employees and on the other they are associates. Which is it really? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: They are employees, Wal-Mart uses the term associates to make themselves seem friendlier and that workers are a big "team" Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: "Associate" is just the friendly way to refer to your employees in front of your customers or in other PR situations. Re: (Score:3) by mrclevesque ( 1413593 ) writes: "Associate" is just the friendly way to refer to your employees in front of ... " It is also demeaning for the employee to be used as a marketing gimmick. Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: That's probably part of the point. Talk to some HR people at a large company for a while and you'll see how well "fresh meat" would fit into their conversation instead of the buzzword of the day. It was especially annoying dealing with their attitude a bit over twenty years ago at a site where there were a few employee deaths every year. They don't see employees as human. The worst would even see slavery as a good idea and it's only the legal system that holds them back. Re:employees or associates? (Score:5, Insightful) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @06:08PM (#54538871) Homepage Journal Colleague implies a degree of equality in status. The hourly grunts on the sales floor are not equal to anyone who calls them associates. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by stephanruby ( 542433 ) writes: In the case of Amazon, the term associate is preferred because some of their workers are contractors hired by a third party temporary agency. But I do not know if this is the case here. Re: (Score:3) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: They're associated by employment. Re: (Score:3, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: Calling them peasants turned out to be bad for optics, so they're still workshopping titles to see what will make the wage slaves feel empowered. Re: (Score:3) by Xenx ( 2211586 ) writes: Wouldn't making them feel empowered be the opposite of what they would want? That could incite a slave uprising... or at least a belief they could apply for a better job. Re: (Score:3) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: > on the one hand they are employees and on the other they are associates. Which is it really? Whatever definition is most beneficial to Walmart at that particular moment. Re: (Score:3) by emaname ( 1014225 ) writes: They're "consumables." Re: (Score:2) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: It is common to the point of being nearly universal in retail that hourly employees who work on the sales floor are called "associates." This is normal for any day that ends in "y." Re: (Score:2) by myowntrueself ( 607117 ) writes: It is common to the point of being nearly universal in retail that hourly employees who work on the sales floor are called "associates." This is normal for any day that ends in "y." So its just another word for employee? Where I come from an associate is more of an equal partner. Like a law firm might be "Smith and associates" where theres someone called Smith and a few other people, Smiths associates, who are more or less partners in the firm. Re: employees or associates? (Score:3) by LifesABeach ( 234436 ) writes: Isn't working for Walmart enough punishment? Re: (Score:2) by Cryacin ( 657549 ) writes: I'm very glad i don't have to associate myself with Wallmart. Is this really new? (Score:2) by volodymyrbiryuk ( 4780959 ) writes: Walmart treats employees like shit...I'm deeply shocked. Re: (Score:2) by AK Marc ( 707885 ) writes: The wording indicates it's a violation of law. If no-call-no-shows are allowed under federal, state, and local laws, then that's an issue for your legislators, not calling on WalMart to punish them in violation of the law. Re: (Score:2) by Mr D from 63 ( 3395377 ) writes: My spidey senses tell me that this is less about getting in trouble for sick days ... more likely this is employees getting in trouble for doing a no-call-no-show and then trying to pass it off as a sick day after the fact. Part of a problem can be employees abusing sick leave benefit and often taking sick days when they are not sick, leading to a potential excessive scrutiny for any sick days taken. That aspect is of course ignored in this article, but it is very real. Sick days are not vacation days. Companies can decide to just lump the two together and just have more vacation and few or no 'sick days', but then they will be attacked for not paying sick time in some cases where employees have used all their time off and the Re: (Score:2) by AK Marc ( 707885 ) writes: The details of the wording usually allow a no-show by reason of incapacity to be considered "with notice" if notice is given as soon as practical. At least it's been worded that way in my employment contracts, which haven't included employment at WalMart, and I didn't read them with detail when I was a teen. Advocacy groups say shit (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: It means that maybe someone should investigate to see if it's true. Let us know when it's more than an agenda-driven allegation. Thanks. having worked there its all true (Score:5, Informative) by luther349 ( 645380 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:48PM (#54537673) they will point you no matter the reason then if they dont like you they will try to add on points for no reason i rember in my entire stay there i missed 1 day and they tried to say i had 6 points. they also play favrets to people who kiss there ass vs those that do not. just me if that company can brake a labor law they do. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:having worked there its all true (Score:5, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:00PM (#54537783) they will point you no matter the reason then if they dont like you they will try to add on points for no reason i rember in my entire stay there i missed 1 day and they tried to say i had 6 points. they also play favrets to people who kiss there ass vs those that do not. just me if that company can brake a labor law they do. Thank goodness they don't have any pesky screening restrictions around spelling and grammar... Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by dinfinity ( 2300094 ) writes: Dammit, I just ran out of mod points! +1 Funny Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: My son worked at WalMart, was hit by a car on way home. He was not very injured, but had 1 week of rest, then 1 week of light duty. They would not honor the dr's orders, wanted the dr to call HR. (try and get an ER dr to do that). So after the week of rest (as his points ticked away) he was fired. Re: (Score:2) by No Longer an AC ( 4611353 ) writes: FWIW, I've known a few people who worked for Walmart's IT department in Arkansas and they couldn't spell either. It's not that they're not intelligent, it's just that some people suck at spelling. Okay, well the spelling in the other post was bad but isn't' that what compilers are for? Those sick days are for the terminally ill (Score:2) by jlowery ( 47102 ) writes: It says so right above the non-compete clause Re: (Score:2) by techno-vampire ( 666512 ) writes: That shouldn't prevent anybody from being allowed to use them. Life itself is a terminal condition. Re: (Score:2) by Hydrian ( 183536 ) writes: That's a pre-existing condition! Perfect opportunity for abuse (Score:5, Insightful) by ErichTheRed ( 39327 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:57PM (#54537753) There was an article a couple days ago about how white-collar employees in the US are afraid of using their vacation time...this seems like a good bookend to that. The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore. I work for one that actually treats us pretty well; we have on-your-honor sick days and reasonable amounts of vacation. However, stores like this are necessary to show once in a while that employers will take advantage of you at any turn, and some of them are quite bad. You see stuff like this a lot in low-margin, low-paying employers with what they consider a disposable workforce. I'm sure Amazon is guilty of this with their warehouse workers, delivery drivers, etc. I guarantee that with steady jobs getting scarcer every day, and a constant narrative depicting business owners as superhuman infallible beings, nothing is going to get better. People are going to be happy to have any kind of job that gives them a steady paycheck, and that's even more true for those at the low end of the skills curve. When I see stuff like this, it makes me wish labor unions were more powerful like they once were. Unions would never have backed down on something like this, and union members were happier because of it. All those coal miners and manufacturing workers voting last November should realize that they would have been much better off had they been represented by a strong union. Working families used to be able to survive on one income, and now that's very difficult for most people to do. I'm still hoping the pendulum swings back the other direction before things get bad enough to have another revolution or civil war on our hands in the US. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by mlookaba ( 2802163 ) writes: "The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore" The margins for doing business in many retail spaces have been going down for quite some time. I'm certainly no expert in employee relations. I worked in IT for telemarketing company for several years. Draconian rules much like this were put in place there because employees regularly abused the system due to alcohol/drug addictions, poor decisions, and the stress of the job. Basically, lots of people couldn't bear to come in t Re: (Score:2) by asylumx ( 881307 ) writes: The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore I actually wonder how the assumption came to being that there were ever more than a few. I mean, you go back only 100 or so years and you're smack in the middle of the industrial revolution where the 40-hour work week didn't exist yet. It's debatable whether it really exists today... Re: (Score:2) by radarskiy ( 2874255 ) writes: I wonder how the assumption came into being that this was generosity rather than the self-interest of an actual capitalist in maintaining the productivity of their workforce so that they can reap the profits. Oppressing the proles is inefficient. Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: Working families used to be able to survive on one income, and now that's very difficult for most people to do. A lot of that is driven by inflation caused by dual-income families. Once a certain number of people had that extra income, their spending was kept in check by raising prices. Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: >I'm sure Amazon is guilty of this with their warehouse workers, delivery drivers, etc. Here's an older article written by someone who went in to see the environment at an Amazon fulfillment center and talked with other workers. I can't imagine it's gotten better since. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/02/mac-mcclelland-free-online-shipping-warehouses-labor Some of it is just f-d right up: ""You look way too happy," an Amalgamated supervisor says to me. He has appeared next to me as I work, and in t That's a whopping 0.07% of employees (Score:2) by JoeyRox ( 2711699 ) writes: Walmart employees 1.4 million people in the USA. Re: (Score:2) by JoeyRox ( 2711699 ) writes: Nevermind, I see it's hundreds of employees out of just 1,000 surveyed. I suck. Re: (Score:3) by tsqr ( 808554 ) writes: Nevermind, I see it's hundreds of employees out of just 1,000 surveyed. I suck. Or maybe you don't suck. From the "A Better Balance" report: "Based on our conversation with Walmart employees as well as survey results of over 1,000 current and former Walmart workers who have struggled due to Walmart’s absence control program..." I would expect a survey of workers "who have struggled due to Walmart's absence control program" to turn up a lot of complaints. Wal-Mart Shareholder Conference Today (Score:3) by damn_registrars ( 1103043 ) writes: <damn.registrars@gmail.com> on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:01PM (#54537797) Homepage Journal In case anyone was wondering how we ended up with two WalMart-related front page stories so close to each other on one day... Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate "absence control program" (Score:2) by drew_kime ( 303965 ) writes: The fact that they have an official "absence control program" tells you just about all you need to know. really bad idea (Score:5, Insightful) by roc97007 ( 608802 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:15PM (#54537925) Journal Penalizing workers for staying home when they're sick is a really bad idea. Because, naturally, people will come to work sick rather than risk a penalty, potentially spreading the illness to other workers and to customers. This seldom ends well, either for the parties involved or for the company. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Kjella ( 173770 ) writes: Penalizing workers for staying home when they're sick is a really bad idea. Because, naturally, people will come to work sick rather than risk a penalty, potentially spreading the illness to other workers and to customers. This seldom ends well, either for the parties involved or for the company. Assuming people are actually sick. Here in Norway I've had several not-that-close acquaintances admit/reveal that they use sick leave kinda like a quota, they keep enough for actually being sick but if the rolling window is about to expire they get "sick" and use it more or less as an extra day off. Or at least their threshold for being sick becomes very, very low. And it annoys some other friends of mine that either have too much of a moral spine or are in management positions because they know some people Re:really bad idea (Score:4, Interesting) by roc97007 ( 608802 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @08:57PM (#54539873) Journal In counterpoint, I realize this is only another data point, and doesn't necessarily mean anything, but a few years ago in a different company, we had a guy in the department who was actually physically coughing up blood (as personally witnessed) but refused to leave his cube because (as we all knew) downsizing was on the horizon and he didn't want to be seen as a slacker. The rest of us who were in close proximity went to management and threatened to all go home sick if *he* didn't. They finally escorted him out of the building. And then a few weeks later we were all outsourced, but oh well... One of the things I can say about that company is that I never coughed up blood while I was there. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: Nice story but not very likely since it requires too much planning from your mythical slackers thus rendering them not very slack at all. Maybe you should have worked on that fiction a bit more before publication. Re: (Score:3) by roc97007 ( 608802 ) writes: Ok wait. I'm not defending him, just observing from my own experience that there is a certain type of slacker, let's call him "wally", who will put a significant amount of energy and creativity into finding new ways to game the system. It isn't laziness, it's .. let's say, aggressive slacking. I don't know how prevalent it is, but I've personally observed this. I was talking to my daughter last night why the take-and-bake pizza took 45 minutes to pick up from the store. I called ahead, and what they made Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: In the pizza case - have you ever considered that inexperienced workers under minimal supervision who care very little about their job make a very large number of mistakes? I've learned that with fast food it's best to have a very simple order and to check it before you leave (eg. frequently no tomato in ham cheese and tomato). Also avoid the low turnover items, especially ones where it's not obvious when they are undercooked. and she said it's a "thing" amongst young workers now Exaggerated anecdotes about w Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Informative) by DarthVain ( 724186 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:25PM (#54538003) My work started doing this recently. Not all that happy about it. To make matters worse, the implemented it retroactively 2 years before the program actually existed, so I'm already half way through the program. They call it "Non-disciplinary", however if you advance into the program too far you can be let go, which sounds pretty disciplinary to me. I believe I effectively do not have any sick days anymore, I'll just go to work sick from now on, unless I get hit by a bus or something, at which point work will probably be the least of my worries. I expect it is a bargaining ploy to the Union. i.e. "You wanna get rid of it? How about those pensions?" Though Walmart doesn't even have that I suppose. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Walmart doesn't have a Union (Score:2) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: they're the greatest Union Busters in the world. I wouldn't even call them pros. They've elevated it to an art. From the moment you apply to the moment you're laid off for trying to Unionize they've thought of everything. Re:Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Interesting) by labnet ( 457441 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @06:08PM (#54538867) Well, this is what you Americans get when you support barely restrained capitalism. There is no way an employer would get away with this in Europe and Ocenania. I'm always astonished with how bad things are in America for the basics of life, like health care and employment. You should embrace a little more socialism. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Funny) by GNious ( 953874 ) writes: on Saturday June 03, 2017 @02:00AM (#54540897) Well, this is what you Americans get when you support barely restrained capitalism. You should embrace a little more socialism. Socialism would get in the way of poor Americans becoming rich. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Informative) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @06:28PM (#54539017) Homepage Journal If you have any face to face interaction with management at all, let the sneeze be your weapon. Make sure that whenever you get sick, they get sick. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Not just Walmart (Score:5, Informative) by Dr. Jest ( 10116 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:26PM (#54538013) I honestly thought this was more normal. I'm not saying it's right. However, I've worked at a software company that had a points-based attendance policy and they actually denied me a raise one year because I called off for illness a few times. It was the worst kind of phone support job and I was a lot younger but I didn't think this was unusual. I definitely thought it was unethical, though. Also stupid, as it encouraged sick people to come in and get everyone else sick, which happened all the time. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by mentil ( 1748130 ) writes: Sounds like they need to hire some telephone sanitizers. Who assigns these points? (Score:2) by freeze128 ( 544774 ) writes: Who is doing the assigning of these "points"? Is it Management? Do the managers get assigned points when they call in sick? Who assigns the points then, other managers, or lower level workers? And non-US workers wonder why... (Score:5, Insightful) by Hydrian ( 183536 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:45PM (#54538183) Homepage And non-US workers wonder why US works don't use vacation and sick days when they have them... Companies that get caught doing this need to made an example of. Major fines. The fines can't be small enough for a business to chalk it up to the 'cost of doing business' because that's what they do already. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: It's not illegal. How are you going to fine a business for doing something that isn't illegal? Legislate. Once had a manager call a meeting (Score:3) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:46PM (#54538189) to tell everyone that if you couldn't find a replacement you had to come in sick. This was at a restaurant. At the time it didn't occur to anyone to call him on it, but this was the 90s so the economy was good and it wasn't enforceable. Every call center I ever worked in had sick people non-stop. Everybody was always sick because nobody could stay home when they got sick. This is just how it is when you work in low pay industries in a bad economy. If you want it to stop you're gonna have to pass laws, but I'm guessing most people don't want it to stop. They might be uncomfortable with the idea of sick people forced to work or be homeless but they're much more uncomfortable with paying 5% more for stuff. Especially when they're getting paid less and less just like everybody else... Walmart's even got a phrase for it: Save Money, Live Better. You're not destroying worker solidarity and driving working families into an endless cycle of poverty. You're Saving Money, Living Better. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by radarskiy ( 2874255 ) writes: "I'm guessing most people don't want it to stop" It goes to show you that most businessmen aren't actually capitalists. A capitalist should be working to maximize their profits, but instead these guys are getting distracted by minimizing the profits of others. "they're much more uncomfortable with paying 5% more for stuff. Especially when they're getting paid less and less just like everybody else... " They'd be making more if they maintained the productivity of their workforce. Someone who doesn't believe in How many points do you get (Score:2) by Deadstick ( 535032 ) writes: ...for puking on a customer? Sick days vs FMLA? (Score:2) by Chewbacon ( 797801 ) writes: If you have FMLA, there is more protection. Some of these examples sound like sickly people or people with kids that inevitably get sick and need care. Neither are not necessarily FMLA cases. Anyone stop to consider some of those workers who frequently call in and are habitually tardy, the points are adding up, and when they call in it pushes them over the threshold? Shit my wife's employer dings more employees for "patterns of behavior" (subjective, because they feel like fucking with you) than objecti This story matches up nicely with the other one (Score:2) by hyades1 ( 1149581 ) writes: https://news.slashdot.org/story/17/06/02/185219/walmart-is-turning-its-employees-into-delivery-drivers-to-compete-with-amazon I commented on the one linked here about how unlikely it would be that Walmart's attempt to force employees to use their own vehicles to deliver its merchandise would in fact be "voluntary". This is exactly how it will be. Doctors notes == invasion of privacy. (Score:2) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: The real problem is employers who treat their employees like children. "Bring a note from the doctor." Kind of like when you were a kid and if you missed school you had to "bring a note from your parents." Mine thought it was stupid, and gave me a blanket note at the beginning of the year saying that if I was absent it was with their permission. Trust. Instill it, then build on it. Look at the potential for personal information leakage from a doctor's note. They just look up the doctor, and if it's a specia Re: (Score:2) by ArmoredDragon ( 3450605 ) writes: The real problem is employers who treat their employees like children. "Bring a note from the doctor." Kind of like when you were a kid and if you missed school you had to "bring a note from your parents." Well, given you behave like one, it kind of makes sense. Re: (Score:2) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: Au contraire, unlike you, I'm not a sheeple. I flat out refuse to get a doctor's note for an employer, same as I refused to give my employer the court's jury duty paper explaining that I would be absent for 4-5 weeks for a murder trial. If they don't trust me, I don't want to work for them. There is absolutely NO legal requirement to provide a doctor's note to an employer for an absence. It's my private business, my time, same as on days off and non-working hours. You're continuing to show you're a fool who Re: (Score:2) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: You also completely failed to address the topic, because you can't refute my observation that requiring a doctor's note is an invasion of privacy., so you childishly avoid the question the same way a 5-year-old who's told "No" does when they don't get what they want - mommy says "No", 5-year-old changes the topic to "You're a big meanie." Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by Nidi62 ( 1525137 ) writes: Use the bodies of your dead and sick coworkers as a ladder to climb your way to success! Re: (Score:2) by qeveren ( 318805 ) writes: If you actually look at it, the system in nature is called "survival of the least-inadequate." Re: (Score:2) by Hognoxious ( 631665 ) writes: Everyone who wasn't in the owner's immediate family was treated like hired help [...] Type A insane entrepreneur catching a break [...] Company X has a retirement plan, but the owner is also a real estate investor and the only investment option is his land-buying scheme. You're not fooling anyone with this "Company X" malarkey. We can all see it's the USA. Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by SB5407 ( 4372273 ) writes: This falls under the "stuff that matters" part of the slogan. Re: (Score:3) by Frosty Piss ( 770223 ) * writes: How is unproven allegations about the sick day policy of a retailer "news for nerds"? There is no IT angle here I can discern. Why is this on Slashdot? Unless, of course, they're moving full steam ahead with their "All Social Justice Warrior, all the time" format. To unsocialized neck-beards like you? Doesn't matter. To members of the Human Race? It's "Stuff That Matters". Re: (Score:2) by Frosty Piss ( 770223 ) * writes: In that case... odd how Slashdot doesn't seem to have had any coverage of the rampant civil rights violations going on at Evergreen College in Washington... That's regional. Plus, Evergreen State has ALWAYS been wack-a-doodle. Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: How is unproven allegations about the sick day policy of a retailer "news for nerds"? To pay their way to being a professional nerd or at times when there are few technical jobs around a lot of nerds work in retail. It's actually a bit of a worry that I had to tell you that. Are you really paying so little attention to what is going on around you? Re: (Score:2) by Topwiz ( 1470979 ) writes: The tagline is in the html tag of the home page so will appear in the title bar (tab in Chrome). Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: If you put your password between the HTML tags, Slashdot won't eat it. Example: <title>hunter2</title> Re: (Score:2) by mrbester ( 200927 ) writes: I'm only seeing asterisks. Maybe because I still have mod points, but posting should sort that. Re: (Score:2) by gnick ( 1211984 ) writes: A good lesson for all the kids out there. Learn proper grammar. If WalMart introduces grammar screening for their "associates", they're going to alienate a lot of their labor pool. Actually that goes for a lot of places - Proper grammar seems to be a rarity. Not everyone talks as goodly as you and I. Re:As someone that's never taken a sick day from w (Score:5, Insightful) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:01PM (#54537789) Homepage Journal Everybody gets sick sooner or later. Some people are fortunate enough to be on the tail end of the curve when it comes to luck, being one of them doesn't make you morally better. Of course you might be one of those people who come to work and spread your germs around to the coworkers and customers. That doesn't make you morally better either; it makes you worse. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Impy the Impiuos Imp ( 442658 ) writes: This is why many businesses just did away with sick days and gave employees free days instead of vacation, adding 5 days to their vacation time. Now you can use those days for whatever you want. Re: (Score:2) by AK Marc ( 707885 ) writes: Then phased out the extra days, so you effectively have no sick days. The places that still have actual sick days have done studies, and found that employees perform better. Re: (Score:2) by havana9 ( 101033 ) writes: You could go to the doctor's offices or phone the doctor and kindly ask an home visit, if you feel too weak or have an high fever. I've asked very few sick days, but when I asked them was only because the doctor ordered me to stay at bed or when I was rushed to A&E. Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: It's massive stupidity though. For one, I find many conditions will clear on their own in a day or two. I don't need a doctor to tell me that. So, I can be sick for 24 hours in the comfort of home or I can go wait for hours on end at urgent care and share whatever I have with the waiting room while they give me what they have and cough a co-pay (along with that lung) just because some asshole stuffed into a suit wants to treat everyone like children. Even in school, a parent's note is good enough. On a side n Re:Not defending Walmart but... (Score:5, Insightful) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:13PM (#54537909) Homepage Journal They exist to remove the incentive of you going to work and spreading your germs, among other things. But sick days is also a form of insurance, in which risk is pooled over the entire workforce. Statistically your compensation might end up a wash either way if you just look at the expected value but if you look at the statistical spread there is no comparison, particularly for low-paid workers who don't earn enough to put aside savings. If you're making $100,000 a year, a week without pay is nothing. If you're making $15,080 a year, it could mean losing your apartment or sending your kids to school without food. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by ranton ( 36917 ) writes: If you earn 15k a year, having children is a horribly irresponsible decision that should be deferred until you can actually afford to provide for their needs. That doesn't mean "never" it means "not yet". Yeah, because no one has ever gotten pregnant on accident or lost their job after already having children ... Re: Not defending Walmart but... (Score:4, Insightful) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:31PM (#54538079) Homepage Journal It doesn't always happen in that order: make $15K/year, then have kids. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Stormy Dragon ( 800799 ) writes: Why do sick days even exist as a concept. Because the type of employees most companies want like them. If you don't offer sick days, you're stuck with the leftovers that they companies who did offer sick days passed on. Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: How are you providing value by being sick? By staying away and not getting other employees sick, you are saving the company money. It's also a benefit that retains better employees. Re: (Score:2) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: Sick days exist because of people like you. Re:Points? (Score:5, Informative) by Skuld-Chan ( 302449 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:24PM (#54538001) I worked at Stream International (outsourcing call center) about 10 years ago and you got 8 points. At 0 points they fired you. You lost points for being late, leaving early - stuff like that. 1 point per sick day - unless you had a doctors note, but 10 bucks an hour you didn't have health insurance so typically you worked sick, and you only visited the doctor if you were on deaths door. Even after they had a tuberculosis outbreak (no I'm not kidding - the CDC got involved and required everyone to be screened) they didn't abandon this system. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: > Even after they had a tuberculosis outbreak (no I'm not kidding - the CDC got involved and required everyone to be screened) they didn't abandon this system. Sounds to me like that's some labor lawyer's class action lawsuit wet dream.... Re: (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: That exposes the utter foolishness of a blanket policy like this. It encourages people to come in with communicable illnesses and they get passed around and productivity drops rapidly. Sure, there are people who abuse sick time, but there are patterns that emerge. This is a case where they could learn from Dr. Demming. Take action to investigate a level of frequencies that are significant outliers. Sometimes there are legitimate reasons, and in that event I suspect a bit of compassion will pay dividends. In Re: (Score:2) by dmomo ( 256005 ) writes: Great. You're and entrepreneur. So add the cost of being sick into the price of providing your service. Just like employees consider paid time off when negotiating compensation. Boo hoo, the entrepreneurial risk-taker bemoans the downside of risk. Re:Points? (Score:4, Informative) by Stormy Dragon ( 800799 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:49PM (#54538205) Homepage On a separate note, as an entrepreneur, I don't get paid when I don't work. If your business is earning a profit you do. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: If you have employees and you aren't paid when you're sick, it's your own fault. Surely you're not claiming Walmart doesn't make any money if the CEO is home sick? Re: (Score:3) by Travelsonic ( 870859 ) writes: Your arguments are worth nothing if you won't put your name to them. Your arguments are worth nothing if they fail to use some sort of basic reasoning. (hint: Not putting a name to something in of itself doesn't affect the quality or lack thereof of an argument.) Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: Just because the article doesn't mention one doesn't mean there isn't one. Unless you've got a copy of the employment contract, why not assume the complaint is valid? Re:Points? (Score:5, Informative) by GrumpySteen ( 1250194 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @05:23PM (#54538489) Being fired isn't a penalty? Because the article mentions being fired for having too many points. But hey, since you want more details, here's how Wal-Mart's point system works (or worked about a year ago when I was dating a woman who worked for them): If you call in at least an hour in advance...     working less than half a shift is a 1 point.     working less than a full shift but more than half is 1/2 point. If you don't call in at least an hour in advance, being absent is 4 points. For the first 6 months, employees are fired if they gain 4 points. After 6 months, they're fired at 9 points in any 6 month rolling period. Even before you reach the 4/9 point limit, however, they can assign you "coaching", which is basically a disciplinary writeup by another name. It stays in your record and can be used to justify reducing your hours, denying raises, denying promotions, etc. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: So, your driver's licence, birth certificate and credit cards all say "holophrastic". Didn't think so. Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Why the fuck would you buy food from Walmart, unless it comes in a can or factory packaging? Why the fuck would you eat anything that Wal-mart sells, no matter what packaging it comes in? That should be an immediate disqualifier, even if you're in some other store. You know, "That looks good, but they sell it at Wal-mart, so it must not actually be food." Re: (Score:2) by Falos ( 2905315 ) writes: Peasants desperate for a job are lined around the corner, we actually need to make the job oppressive enough that we can use, dispose, and rotate them. That's not sarcasm, that's the literally the optimized, max-margin reaction for a glut. And it gets worse each time we trade thousands for a couple dozen "floor models" and one robotechnician. Re: (Score:2) by Falos ( 2905315 ) writes: Letting sick people heal stifles innovation. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 2837 commentsDonald Trump Wins US Presidency 1149 commentsGarmin Engineer Shot And Killed By Man Yelling 'Get Out Of My Country!' 1093 commentsTrump Announces US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord 1052 commentsUniversal Basic Income Programs Arrive 1028 commentsRussia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' next VR Sports? It Can Be a Billion Dollar Business, Says Intel CEO 42 comments previous Denmark Is Killing Tesla and Other Electric Cars 161 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 214 loaded Submit Story Overdrawn? But I still have checks left! FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 17 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Walmart Employees Will Now Deliver Packages to Your Home Jennifer Calfas Money June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The retail giant's latest move to compete with AmazonMore Walmart will now enlist its store employees to deliver packages to customers’ homes using their own cars in an effort to make its delivery system more competitive. In its most recent move against e-commerce challenger Amazon, the discount retailer announced Thursday that it will allow store employees to opt into a delivery service program that will have them drop off packages at customers’ homes on their drive home from work. Earning extra cash, employees that are part of the program will be able to choose the number of the packages and how much they weigh. Employees can opt in or out of the program — or change their preferences within it — at any time. “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce program, said in a blog post. Many of the packages included in the program will be delivered the day after the order is placed, Lore said. The retail giant is currently testing the program at two stores in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. Though it is unclear if or when the program will expand, Lore noted that Walmart’s stores across the U.S. are within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” he said. “It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.” This is just the most recent move Walmart has made in its e-commerce efforts, which had a growth in sales of 63% in its most recent quarter, the company announced last month. In January, the company started offering a free two-day delivery service for orders $35 and over — a direct shot at Amazon Prime’s free two-day shipping program offered through a $99-per-year membership free. (Amazon responded by lowering its free shipping for non-Prime members to a $25 minimum.) And in April, Walmart also started offering web discounts for as much as $50 for pricey items for customers who could pick up their orders in the store rather than have it delivered to their homes. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next The Future of Walmart Looks Like It Will Include Making Life Hell for Hated Rival Amazon The Street Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Wal-Mart pays workers extra to deliver packages on their way home MarketWatch In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills The Street What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider Buy “Penny Defense Stocks” Before June 30? Casey ResearchSponsored US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Toyota sells all shares in Tesla as their tie-up ends Reuters Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 55°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, June 4, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Walmart to use own workers to deliver its online orders Associated Press Friday, June 02, 2017 comments BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said yesterday. The announcement came just a day before Walmart’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer said workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said yesterday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. Founded in 1945, Walmart operates more than 11,000 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries, according to a profile of the company on Yahoo Finance. It employs about 2.3 million people. More On: Amazon Walmart Randy Parraz Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Toyota aims to get flying car in gear for ’20 Olympics associated press automotive RX just what doctor ordered jim mahoney business & markets Business & Markets business & markets Eversource eyes Aquarion for nearly $1.7B donna goodison Trending Now Kalter: Even deadlier drug headed to Bay State Public Health officials issue alert for statewide mumps outbreak McGovern: Justice for Bella hinges on mother's credibility Teen accidentally kills girlfriend while showing off gun he got as a graduation gift: Reports Disgruntled man releases bedbugs in Maine city office Tom Brady, Patriots teammates take part in Best Buddies Football Challenge Congregation praying for embattled pastor in sex sting Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent): Director Nominee         For         Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52%   Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal. Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows: Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal. Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Acrylic Fibre Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Acrylic Yarn Line Market Trends & Forecast to 2021- Industry Analysis by Regions, Type and Application Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 58° Overcast North Andover, MA (01845) Today Overcast with rain showers at times. High 58F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Showers early becoming a steady light rain late. Low around 50F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 70%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 11:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Local News featured Phillips Academy grads urged to make 'Not for Self' an everyday value +7 By Peter Francis pfrancis@eagletribune.com 22 min ago Krit Classic 5K Phillips Academy Graduation Man dies in Haverhill crash after leading police on chase  'It's like no other ache in the world' 'A prince among men': Honoring the late Kendall Smith Cooperative effort supports safety on the water Author: Latino immigrants saved 'a dying city' Andover goes forward with Ballardvale station study Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Local Sports Sports in a Minute: Saturday a tough day for local teams Mac Cerullo 13 min ago VIDEO from Baltimore: What did we learn in Red Sox split with the Orioles? Krit Classic 5K Andover High Volleyball Central falls to St. John's Prep, drops to loser's bracket in Super 8 Pinkerton's Ruimwijk delivers another historic day at All-States Play it again, Sam: Methuen's Weeks caps remarkable college career in style Lacrosse Scoring Leaders THE BRIDGE: Following exodus of talent to graduation, Dana Swartz remained calming presence for North Andover girls lacrosse Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News 16 hrs ago Reunions Community Calendar Brown-Bowden Engagement Club News Reunions Community Calendar Reunions Club News Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Letters To The Editor Voter ID proposal is a mistake 20 hrs ago A call for humane ways of killing animals used for food Volunteers deserve community's thanks Russia probe looms over Trump's international and domestic agenda African-American women have a message for DNC: Remember us? Right to health care is wrong argument Maybe now Democrats will rethink early voting Sound Off NH students need full-day kindergarten Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business Technology New Products And Services Products And Services Corporate News Sales Figures Financial Performance E-commerce Internet Technology Computing And Information Technology Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Wages And Salaries Personnel Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Hiring And Recruitment Online Shopping Shopping Lifestyle Locations Arkansas United States North America ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week +5 2 Hill Street, Unit D, Newburyport By Sarah Ashley Pratt Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Lawrence-based drug ring was largest fentanyl operation in state Stabbing victim remains in critical condition Salem police arrest Manchester woman connected to Londonderry armed robbery Documents: Accused fentanyl dealer sought lush life in DR Feds: 30 face drug, firearm and immigration charges in Merrimack Valley probe Haverhill police arrest suspect in downtown stabbings Haverhill crash ensued after chase Lawrence baseball bat attack leads to two arrests Man fighting for life following stabbing Police investigate two Thursday night shootings in Lawrence Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections Home News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Walmart taps the power of VR to train the next crop of poorly-paid wage slaves by Tristan Greene — in Business 376 shares Walmart recently unveiled plans to begin using virtual reality headsets to train new employees. According to a Business Insider report, the VR system is designed to help entry-level employees (and those entering new positions) prepare for specific situations — like a holiday rush — that traditional training can’t simulate. An expected 140,000 employees will use the new VR system this year alone. Is virtual reality the best way to train retail employees? The VR training tech Walmart is implementing will be used at their Walmart Academies. These training centers across the United States allow employees to learn in a classroom environment. The company opened it’s 100th training academy in April 2017 and plans on having 200 by the end of this summer – the kind of pace only a giant like Walmart could keep up. STRIVR, the company responsible for Walmart’s new VR system, thinks it’s found the single best way to design training environments. It has Fortune 100 companies as clients and it’s at the cutting edge of VR training. Videos on the STRIVR labs website show training environments designed to help NFL players experience different on-field looks. There are also videos of environments made to teach job safety to construction workers. The applications for the tech seem to be endless, but do Walmart employees need an entire virtual Walmart environment to simulate what it’s going to be like to perform their duties? Walmart Vice President of Operations Tom Ward states that the technology will be used to simulate difficult work periods employees will encounter. This training should help employees cope with periods that aren’t neccesarily the norm, but will require competency to manage. Many Walmart employees still aren’t making $10 per hour, but they’ll be trained at brand new Walmart academies using the newest VR training technology. While it looks like the entire Walmart strategy continues to be one in which the employees are replaceable parts in a system designed to maximize profits – there is hope. The VR investment is, at least in the altruistic sense, an investment in people. Walmart isn’t replacing humans with robots any time soon. In fact – the Washington Post reports that the company will be competing with the likes of Amazon by sending packages out for delivery with employees on their way home from work. Take that drones. The next time you order something from Walmart it might be delivered by a VR trained cashier: one who lives in your neighborhood. Walmart spokesperson Ravi Jariwala told the Washington Post that “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this… 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store.” If that sounds terrifying, keep in mind that Walmart workers are hard working individuals whose options are limited. The company didn’t move next door to 90-percent of Americans by looking out for the little guy. There’s also the wage problems that plague Walmart employees. Some of the lowest-paid employees in the US are being trained in ways usually reserved for athletes and high skill jobs. Those same employees will then be offered the opportunity to drop off deliveries on their way home from work. The two ideas seem to be pushing in opposite directions — something Walmart is well versed in. They’ll save money by having employees take on risk. When actor/comedian Tracy Morgan was involved in an accident with a Walmart delivery truck he recieved 90 million dollars (that Walmart was reimbursed for) from the company. What happens when a Walmart cashier who makes minimum wage gets into an accident delivering someone’s American flag bbq set? They’ll foot the insurance hike just like any other private citizen would. Double-tapping it’s in-store employees extends the “bang for the buck” that Walmart gets by continuing to cut costs at the expense of the lowest earning employees in the company. Walmart aims to streamline training to create efficient workers that are easily replaceable by others that can be up to speed in just two weeks. It’s almost as though there is no expense Walmart won’t go to in order to continue paying the lowest wages in the country. Read next: Amazon and Audible get dramatic, offer enticing grants for playwrights Tech Share on Facebook (83) Share on Twitter (231) Tristan Greene Happy to hear your thoughts on tristan@thenextweb.com or @mrgreene1977 on Twitter. I'm a sailor who loves to write, eat, game, and dad. I've sailed around the world a few times and met more than one or two interesting people along the way. Tomorrow looks pretty fun from where I'm standing. Contact Mail Tweet Posts 6   All posts by Tristan > Here's some more distraction Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Lyft bests Uber (and others) in latest diversity report Rachel Kaser Donuts delivered via drone is the future we all imagined Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Understand data science with access to dozens of cool courses - for less than $40 TNW Deals 2 Add Python to your web programming arsenal with this complete learning package TNW Deals Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Finding the right community can help your creativity Jory MacKay 2 Add Python to your web programming arsenal with this complete learning package TNW Deals 3 3 powerful ways to hack your life, find focus, and get more done Rebekah Radice 4 Stop trying to ‘be original’ and strive to be prolific instead Chris Smith 5 The Importance Of Stand-Up Desks In Start-Ups Robert Hellson Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
HR Professionals Recruiters Business Leaders Board Consulting Client Login Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry Sections Sections HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Content Type News Features Insights Videos Magazine Partners & Supplier Directory More from HR Grapevine #HRGV2017 Conference Events Jobs Follow HR Grapevine on... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube Our Communities Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry More about EG EG Corporate HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Suppliers More Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Introducing Business Grapevine Online Services eGOLD Recruitment eGOLD Business Leaders Update Business Entry News Features Insights Videos Magazine Events Jobs Follow Us Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their commute home Fri, 2 Jun 2017 11:00am BST News Rianna Fulham HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Asking employees to go above and beyond outside of working hours is always an area of trepidation, but if their commute home could get them some extra pay they may just take up the offer. Employees at Walmart can testify, as they have been enlisted to deliver online orders on their way home from work, in the face of growing competition from Amazon. Workers will receive extra pay for the voluntary program and will be offered overtime pay, according to Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. However, he declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of each. The Washington Post reports that Walmart executives said the cost-saving method made sense, considering that 90% of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, Chief Executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business said in a blog post. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. Read more Who is leading your leaders? “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this. There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The retail giant has said the program is a way for employees to earn extra money, however, labour experts say the ‘gig economy’ style program raises questions related to employee responsibility over the risk cost and liability associated with deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” comments Stephanie Luce, a Labour Professor at the City University of New York. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Last year, the retailer reported $485.9billion in revenue, and this year they said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 (£7.70) for most workers. However, activist groups say many employees are still struggling to make ends meet. Workers have also been sceptical about the new scheme, but Jariwala reiterates that the scheme is completely opt-in. Add Comments Most Read Across HR Grapevine In Compensation & Benefits 1 Google staff ditch HR & start own harassment blog 24/05/2017 925 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Nan's brutal resignation highlights value of workplace honesty 12/05/2017 152 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 John Lewis ‘inadvertently’ breaks pay rules 10/05/2017 219 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 Cyber-hero who halted NHS hack rewarded with THIS by boss... 15/05/2017 172 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 Employee awarded £20k compensation for 'hurt feelings' 31/05/2017 354 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 Coca-Cola Co.'s new CEO gives THIS advice to staff 10/05/2017 244 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 The happiest place to work revealed 17/05/2017 221 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 5 signs your employees want a promotion 16/05/2017 135 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 5 things employees do to impress the boss 08/05/2017 184 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 10 most common UK bad boss traits 19/05/2017 105 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 1 John Lewis ‘inadvertently’ breaks pay rules 10/05/2017 219 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Cyber-hero who halted NHS hack rewarded with THIS by boss... 15/05/2017 172 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 Sacked McDonald's Gran claims $100k after dismissal 26/05/2017 56 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 10 highest paid UK jobs with the smallest gender gap 30/05/2017 99 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 6 reasons why you should pay your staff as much as possible 24/05/2017 126 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 How bosses are tricking staff out of holiday 09/05/2017 103 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 Uber & Deliveroo biggest HR issues - they're not what you think... 26/05/2017 186 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 The weirdest benefits of 2017 so far 15/05/2017 179 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 Something to hide? Only 5 out of 9,000 firms release gender pay gap details 09/05/2017 96 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 UK workers face staggering retirement age rise 26/05/2017 95 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Guide to Fleet Management The rise of the environmentally friendly fleet HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Driving to Succeed HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to run a greener fleet HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Are fleets becoming increasingly varied? HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Helping HR navigate vehicle rental HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Hybrid fleets raising smiles beyond the Boardroom HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR's role within a driving for work programme HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Get ahead of the game by registering now Submit Example Newsletter Remind me later * By registering you agree that you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions and that Executive Grapevine International Ltd and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content and products. Related Insights 5 tips to maintain mental health support May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to create a healthy workplace May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to stop your employees leaving for a better paid job May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Do workplace dress codes need a refresh? May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How are you helping stressed employees? April 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Follow us on Twitter Follow @HRGrapevine Follow us on LinkedIn Magazine Features The great expenses policy April 2017 HR claims back a great expenses policy as... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Driven to distraction April 2017 3 measures to adopt to help keep workers'... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Why financial inclusion matters April 2017 Government urges employers to provide more... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Like us on Facebook Read More Trumpcare could give employers power to control staff contraceptives 01/06/2017 News 15 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 highest paid UK jobs with the smallest gender gap 30/05/2017 News 99 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd UK workers face staggering retirement age rise 26/05/2017 News 95 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Uber & Deliveroo biggest HR issues - they're not what you think... 26/05/2017 News 186 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Sacked McDonald's Gran claims $100k after dismissal 26/05/2017 News 56 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 reasons why you should pay your staff as much as possible 24/05/2017 News 126 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd © 1979-2017 Executive Grapevine International Ltd Corporate Contact Us Our Team Terms & Conditions Data Licensing Cookie Policy Privacy Legal Media Centre
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Walmart Walmart asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home US supermarket trialling scheme that sees workers drop off packages on their commute in attempt to close gap with rival Amazon Walmart in Bentonville, Arkansas, one of the places where the scheme is being trialled. Photograph: Marc F. Henning/Alamy Walmart Walmart asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home US supermarket trialling scheme that sees workers drop off packages on their commute in attempt to close gap with rival Amazon Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Rupert Neate @RupertNeate Friday 2 June 2017 14.36 EDT Last modified on Friday 2 June 2017 17.13 EDT US supermarket giant Walmart is asking employees to deliver online orders to customers on their way home from work in an attempt to close the gap with rival Amazon. Walmart, which employes about 1.5 million workers in its 4,700 US stores, said it “just makes sense” for them to deliver packages on the way home as 90% of Americans live within 10 miles of one of its stores. Marc Lore, Walmart’s head of e-commerce operations, said the scheme would cut shipping costs, increase speed of delivery and allow workers to earn extra cash. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centres to stores for pickup,” he said in a blog post. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination … Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a gamechanger.” The company has been testing the new delivery process with workers at three stores for the past month, but did not offer details about where or when the plan would be expanded across the US. The “last mile” of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, are often most expensive part of the online delivery process and a challenge that many supermarkets and delivery companies are trying to solve. Tesco is attempting to use robots to delivery groceries in the UK. Britain’s biggest supermarket this week announced it had successfully used a six-wheeled buggy to deliver food from stores to homes in some parts of central London. The company said it planned to widen the pilot scheme in partnership with Starship Technologies, who make the robots that have also been used by takeaway company Just Eat. The robots will be able to carry items within a three-mile radius. Amazon has also been testing drones for deliveries in the UK. In the US, Walmart has been struggling to keep up with Amazon’s fast deliveries, which have tempted some shoppers to switch from travelling to the supermarket to having their goods delivered via Amazon Prime, which offers next-day delivery in more than 5,000 US cities. Lore has been spearheading Walmart’s drive to catch up, since the Arkansas-based retailer bought his Jet.com online delivery firm for $3.3bn last year. At the time, Walmart said the purchase of Jet was “another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart”. Lore, Jet’s founder and chief executive, became Walmart’s president of e-commerce as part of the deal. The delivery trial is voluntary for store workers, who can sign up for a maximum of 10 deliveries a day. The retailer did not share details on pay for those deliveries. The test is limited to three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas. The announcement came ahead of Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting on Friday. Walmart, which owns Asda in the UK, is the world’s largest retailer and made $486bn revenue last year, compared with Amazon’s $136bn. But Walmart has made little inroads online, while Amazon accounts for about a third of all online orders. Topics Walmart Couriers/delivery industry Gig economy Retail industry news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story $6.40 an hour and a few raises in nine years: how I got stuck in a Walmart career I believed that I would only be working at Walmart for a few months. I was wrong, but staying for so long taught me valuable life lessons Published: 18 May 2017 $6.40 an hour and a few raises in nine years: how I got stuck in a Walmart career Let's hold Apple and Walmart to their big environmental promises Fred Pearce It’s easy to be cynical about the recent rush of bold corporate sustainability targets, but brands that buy into a green image may find it hard to deviate too far Published: 15 May 2017 Let's hold Apple and Walmart to their big environmental promises Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart prompts investigation CDC tests for rabies and regional recall follow discovery of deceased chiropteran in partially eaten packet of Fresh Express Organic Marketside Spring Mix Published: 9 Apr 2017 Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart prompts investigation As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action A likely deal between Walmart and Bonobos, a hybrid digital/brick-and-mortar menswear brand, may be a sign of the future of retail Published: 22 Apr 2017 As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action Largest US police union asks Amazon to pull 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt Published: 23 Dec 2016 Largest US police union asks Amazon to pull 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt Walmart ordered to pay truck drivers $54m in minimum wage suit Published: 23 Nov 2016 Walmart ordered to pay truck drivers $54m in minimum wage suit Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian Published: 19 Nov 2016 Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian Asda sales slump puts chain at bottom of UK supermarket league Published: 17 Nov 2016 Asda sales slump puts chain at bottom of UK supermarket league More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › Walmart business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart touts investment in… Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO June 2, 2017 4:53 pm 5 min read Share FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D’Innocenzio reported from New York. Related Topics Business News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart touts investment in… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Close menu Education Video #OneObama Nation Politicker NewsOne Now Good News Biz/Media Live Well Entertainment Working Together About Us Privacy Terms of Service Advertising Careers Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP #OneObama Nation Politicker NewsOne Now Good News Video Education CONTACT US Top Ten Videos to watch Roland Martin Knocks Clinton Explanation For Election Loss Is Donald Trump’s Rhetoric Emboldening White Supremacists? Here’s The First Look At The Obama Presidential… Are Black Churches Doing Enough To Advocate For… Dr. Ian Smith Shares Painless Ways To Cut… 63rd Anniversary Of Brown v. Board Of Education Maxine Waters Predicts Trump Will Lose GOP Support… Trump Chaos Poses Hurdles For GOP Midterm Elections Families That Fled Flint Water Crisis No Longer… Rev. Barber’s Poor People’s Campaign To Tackle Racism,… BuzzFoto Celebrity Sightings In New York – May 18, 2017 Photo by BuzzFoto Celebrity Sightings In New York - May 18, 2017 Entertainment Home > Entertainment Walmart Insurance Company Demands Tracy Morgan Medical Records Ohio Casualty wants the comedian to testify under oath about the multimillion-dollar crash settlement he received from the retail giant. Written By Global Grind Posted 3 days ago Leave a comment 3.27K reads Tracy Morgan has been through a lot following his 2014 car crash. Now, the comedian is back and better than ever, but he’s dealing with more drama related to the nearly fatal accident. The Daily Mail reports that the funny man has been ordered to testify under oath by Walmart’s insurance company about the multi-million dollar crash settlement he got from the retail giant, which according to them, was way too generous. As you may recall, the superstore reached a deal with Morgan a year after the deadly accident on the New Jersey Turnpike that killed his friend, comedian James ‘Jimmy Mack’ McNair, and left the 30 Rock star severely injured. Walmart’s insurance company, Ohio Casualty, is demanding that Tracy be deposed over the estimated $90 million payout that he received after the crash that involved him and one of Walmart’s trucks. The company also wants the comic to turn over his medical records, income statements, information related to his future earning potential and even documents pertaining to appearances he made on Saturday Night Live and the Emmys. Court documents show that lawyers for Ohio Casualty are now requesting deposition dates from Morgan and his comedian friend Ardley Fuqua, who was a passenger in the car. Since Morgan and Fuqua neglected to respond to subpoenas to provide information to the case last year, they could potentially be held in contempt of court for failing to provide an adequate excuse. Ohio Casualty noted in the court documents, “The sole reason Morgan and Fuqua have refused to provide deposition dates is their insistence that Plaintiffs provide information that is not required under the federal rules and accept their unconditional reservation of all rights, including their reservation not to appear for a deposition at all. This is a baseless position designed to avoid giving dates for their depositions. For these reasons, Plaintiffs ask that Tracy Morgan and Ardley Fuqua be ordered to each provide Plaintiffs with dates on which they can appear for a 7-hour deposition pursuant to the subpoenas.” Tracy Morgan has yet to respond to the reports and no deposition date has been officially set. SOURCE:  Daily Mail SEE ALSO: Driver In Tracy Morgan Crash Indicted On Manslaughter Charges Tracy Morgan Settles Lawsuit With Walmart After Fatal Limo Crash Tracy Morgan , Walmart Also On News One: 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 50 photos Launch gallery 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 1. Barack gives daughter Malia a kiss Source:Getty 1 of 50 2. Michelle and Barack tell the kids a story Source:Getty 2 of 50 3. Michelle and Barack Kiss Source:Getty 3 of 50 4. Michelle and Barack Source:Getty 4 of 50 5. First Family Portrait Source:Getty 5 of 50 6. Two Terms Source:Getty 6 of 50 7. Michelle and Barack host a State Dinner Source:Getty 7 of 50 8. Barack Obama and Michelle Obama Source:Getty 8 of 50 9. Fun In The Sun Source:Instagram 9 of 50 10. The Obamas on Air Force One Source:Getty 10 of 50 11. The First Family in London Source:Getty 11 of 50 12. First Lady Michelle Obama with daughters Malia Obama and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 12 of 50 13. Barack & Sasha Source:Instagram 13 of 50 14. Sasha and Malia Obama at the 2016 State Dinner Source:Getty 14 of 50 15. Turkey Pardoning Source:Getty 15 of 50 16. Sunday Church Source:Getty 16 of 50 17. Gobble, Gobble Source:Getty 17 of 50 18. Obama & Sasha Source:Instagram 18 of 50 19. Malia Obama, the First Daughter Source:Getty 19 of 50 20. Barack Obama and his daughter Malia Obama Source:Getty 20 of 50 21. Team Obama Source:Instagram 21 of 50 22. A Family Affair Source:Getty 22 of 50 23. Flashback To The Old Days Source:Pete Souza 23 of 50 24. Happy Birthday! Source:Getty 24 of 50 25. Candidly Awesome Source:Pete Souza 25 of 50 26. The Obamas Family Portrait Source:Instagram 26 of 50 27. Historic First Family Source:Getty 27 of 50 28. Ice Cream Treat Source:Getty 28 of 50 29. TV Time Source:Pete Souza 29 of 50 30. Playing In The Oval Office Source:Instagram 30 of 50 31. Always Giving Back Source:Getty 31 of 50 32. A Christmas Story Source:Getty 32 of 50 33. Hawaii Trip! Source:Getty 33 of 50 34. Obama Loves Team USA & His Wife Source:Getty 34 of 50 35. Malia and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 35 of 50 36. Michelle Plays on a Bike Source:Getty 36 of 50 37. Obama Loves Team USA, His Wife & Malia Source:Getty 37 of 50 38. Reading Time Source:Pete Souza 38 of 50 39. Family Support Source:Getty 39 of 50 40. The Sister Selfie Source:Pete Souza 40 of 50 41. Supporting Mom Source:Pete Souza 41 of 50 42. Giving Back On MLK Day Source:Getty 42 of 50 43. Obamas Give Back To The Community Source:Getty 43 of 50 44. Always Supporting Small Businesses Source:Getty 44 of 50 45. Obama Swagger Source:Getty 45 of 50 46. Laughs & Turkeys Source:Getty 46 of 50 47. Growing Up In The White House Source:Instagram 47 of 50 48. Christmas With The Obamas Source:Getty 48 of 50 49. 50th Anniversary Of March On Selma Source:Pete Souza 49 of 50 50. Christmas Tree Lighting Source:Getty 50 of 50 Skip ad Continue reading Walmart Insurance Company Demands Tracy Morgan Medical Records 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas comments – Add Yours PolitickerOne Time For NAACP To Elect A Woman President 3 days ago Trump's Whitewashing Of The Civil War Is A… 1 month ago Tale Of Two Indias: Two Families Seek Justice… 3 months ago Here Is Why I'm Not Your Feminist 3 months ago View all Trending The 11 Most Compelling 9/11 Conspiracy Theories Education No Longer The Great Equalizer For Blacks The Top 10 White Terrorists Of All-Time Top 10 Civil Rights Protest Songs Of All Time 72 Percent Of Black Kids Raised By Single Parent, 25% Overall In U.S. Nigerian Couple Delivers Sextuplets After Trying To Conceive For 17 Years Get Informed! Top Ten 4 Charged In Shooting Of Minneapolis Black Lives… Welcome To The New & Improved NewsOne The Most Dangerous Religious Extremists Hail From The… Black Women Rape Victims Are Under Assault During… View All Close Sign up for our newsletter and never miss the hot stories Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit About Us Privacy Terms of Service Advertising Careers Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Add to ... By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON — Reuters Published Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 1:59PM EDT Last updated Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 6:48PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, JP Morgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> and IBM Corp <IBM.N>, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc <TSLA.O> Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co <DIS.N> CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc <PEP.N> Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc <FB.O>, Alphabet Inc <GOOGL.O> and Goldman Sachs <GS.N>. General Electric Co <GE.N> CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co <BA.N> Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP <BX.N>. Blackrock Inc <BLK.N> Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co <GM.N> said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's <F.N> new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$82.64 -0.42 (-0.51%) IBM-NInternational Business Machines Corp Latest Price$152.05 -0.62 (-0.41%) Updated June 2 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Facebook, Inc. America Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. International Business Machines Corporation United States of America Donald Trump Tesla AS Paris JPMorgan Chase & Co. General Electric Company Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Kathy Griffin says Trump family trying to ruin her News Video: On Toronto Islands, flooding is becoming a part of life News Trudeau says Canadian governments ‘won’t rest’ on opioid crisis News 'Enough is enough' in approach to U.K. terror threat: Theresa May News Video: 'I'm going to stand up for London': resident recalls night of terror attack News London police respond to deadly terror attack Report on Business Barrie McKenna: Ottawa fighting back in NAFTA trade war, but at what cost? Report on Business Gen Y Money: What you need to know about owning and buying a condo News Ottawa mayor says Canada Day security will be ‘heightened’ News Manila casino shows video of gunman's attack Arts Stars come together for One Love Manchester concert News Trump's climate call gets bad reception in Asia ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor For low-income employees, Ontario’s minimum wage hike is ‘a good start’ Life Young travellers plan Canada 150 meet-ups on Via Rail Most popular Anticipation builds as Comey set to break silence on Trump New concerns emerge over Conservative leadership voting process updated London terror attack: Canadian killed identified as Chrissy Archibald of B.C. John Doyle: One Love Manchester was a powerful, defiant act of joy Enbridge eyes pipeline expansion after merger with Spectra Energy X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program Krystal Steinmetz June 2, 2017 Photo by Tupungato / Shutterstock.com Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program 0 The next time you place a Walmart order online, it could be delivered to your front door by a Walmart associate — blue vest and all. The retail giant is testing a new delivery program that relies on paying its workers to hand-deliver packages to customers on their commute home from working at the store. Marc Lore, the president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, writes in a company blog: Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business. Lore touts the new delivery program — which is being tested in three stores located in New Jersey and Arkansas — as a way for Walmart associates to earn extra money while driving home from work, although it’s not clear how the associates are compensated for their deliveries. According to the retail giant, participation in the delivery program is optional for its workers, although Lore says the response from its workers and customers in the test locations has been “great.” “Many orders are being delivered the next day, and associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” writes Lore. But Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York, tells The Washington Post that Walmart’s new delivery system raises a number of questions. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses. Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Walmart’s new delivery program could help it better compete with Amazon, which has launched same-day delivery service across much of the U.S. Walmart began offering free two-day shipping on millions of items in January and also lowered its minimum purchase amount requirement for free shipping from $50 to $35. Check out “Walmart to Offer Extra Savings to Shoppers Who Pick Up Online Orders.” What do you think of Walmart using its workers to deliver packages? Sound off below or on Facebook. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,417 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit Want to Be Rich? Here's All the Advice You'll Ever Need, in 10 Simple Sentences I've been giving financial advice for 40 years, and I'm a millionaire several times over. Here are the 10 best bits of financial advice I've both given and taken. 5 Tips for Helping Boomerang Kids Without Bankrupting Yourself 22 Things You Should Always Buy Generic Boost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 Moves Downsizing in Your Golden Years? Decluttering Tips for Seniors 10 Golden Rules to Avoid Getting Scammed Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money 6 Cellphone Secrets That Can Save You Hundreds of Dollars a Year Comments Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,417 happy subscribers 122,760 12,181 What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free The ABCs of Selecting a Medicare Supplement Plan 10 Strategies to Save Big Bucks on Amazon How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money 2,046 Active Deals Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets: Pyle 9" Quad-View Video Monitor for $55.54 (low by $22) Singer Esteem II 23-Stitch Sewing Machine for $82.46 (low by $8) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 13 hr ago Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day Sale. Plus, MyLowe's members receive free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up. Items over 150 lbs. incur additional surcharges.) Deal ends June 5. Lowe's Memorial Day Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 11 hr ago Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free via this printable coupon. Some exclusions may apply. Click here to find a location near you. Coupon expires June 15. Jersey Mike's Subs Buy 1, get 2nd free At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 19 hr ago That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied with last month's mention as the best deal we could find. Through June 30, you'll receive access to exclusive rapid-fire deals, an automatic 20% discount on standard That Daily Deal and 13 Deals purchases, and free shipping on all orders. (Everything you order during this time will be shipped together during the first week of July.) Deal ends June 5. Note: Although this is a free offer, you will need to enter credit card information to get this deal. That Daily Deal June Stupid Good Deals access for free That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 8 hr ago Ending today, eBay takes $15 off orders of $75 or more via coupon code "PSAVE15TODAY" when you check out via PayPal during its Flash Sale. Plus, many qualifying orders receive free shipping. That's tied with our mention two weeks ago and a rare general discount from eBay. Coins, paper money, eBay gift cards, and real estate are excluded. Other exclusions may also apply. Note: This coupon can only be used once per PayPal account within a single transaction. eBay Flash Sale coupon: $15 off $75 or more + free shipping Ending today, eBay takes $15 off orders of $75 or more via coupon code "PSAVE15TODAY" when you check out via ... Read more. Updated: 3 hr 58 min ago Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items qualify for free shipping. That's tied with our January mention and is the best sale we've seen from Burberry this season. Men's jackets start at $295, women's jackets at $395, women's boots at $140 $175, and men's shoes at $195. Burberry Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Versace Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 7 hr ago Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. That's $20 off list, tied with our February mention, and the lowest price we could find. It includes 40 lectures. Photoshop Beginners Mastery Course for free Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago Best Buy discounts a selection of Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures, with prices starting at $4.99. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid shipping fees, which start at $5.49. Save on characters from franchises like X-Men, Star Wars, Gears of War, and Ghost in the Shell. Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures at Best Buy from $5 + pickup Best Buy discounts a selection of Funko Pop! Vinyl Figures, with prices starting at $4.99. Opt for in-store pickup to ... Read more. Updated: 25 min ago World Market takes 50% off a selection of cookware. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, take an extra 10% off via coupon code "SAVEBIG10". Choose in-store pickup to avoid shipping fees (which start at $4.95) or get free shipping on orders of $150 or more via coupon code "SHIPFREE". (Coupons don't stack, but the shipping coupon may yield stronger savings on select orders.) Discounted items include pots, pans, skillets, and dutch ovens. A couple of best bets, each available for pickup and with prices after coupon: Lodge Logic 12" Cast Iron Skillet for $13.49 (pictured, low by $4) World Market Oval Dutch Oven for $31.49 ($39 off) Cookware at World Market: 50% off + 10% off World Market takes 50% off a selection of cookware. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, take an extra 10% off via ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 34 min ago Ending today, Macy's offers the Highland 4-Piece 600-Tread Count Sheet Set in several colors (Grey pictured) for $29.99. Pad your order with a beauty item (they start at $4) to bag free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $10.95. (In-store pickup may also be available.) Excluding padding, that's at least $90 off list and the lowest price we could find. This cotton and polyester blend set includes flat and fitted sheets and two pillowcases. It's available in queen, king, and California king. Highland 4-Piece 600tc Queen/King Sheet Set for $30 + free s&h w/beauty item Ending today, Macy's offers the Highland 4-Piece 600-Tread Count Sheet Set in several colors (Grey pictured) for $29.99. Pad your ... Read more. Updated: 9 hr 34 min ago Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample to arrive in six to eight weeks. Nivea Men Creme Sample for free Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 7 hr ago Jimmy Jazz takes 70% off select items via coupon code "Sale70E". Even with $7.95 for shipping, it results in significant price lows on shoes and apparel from Reebok, adidas, and other name brands. Deal ends June 4. A couple of best bets after coupon, each with $7.95 for shipping: adidas Men's ZX Flux Sneakers for $27 (pictured, $55 low) Reebok Women's Question Mid X Melody Ehsani Basketball Shoes for $48 ($104 low) Jimmy Jazz Sale: 70% off select items Jimmy Jazz takes 70% off select items via coupon code "Sale70E". Even with $7.95 for shipping, it results in significant ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 8 hr ago RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by a buck. It measures 4" x 3". Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this product ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. DIY TriFidget Spinner for $1 + free s&h from China RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 8 hr ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to use their phone number on any compatible Internet-connected smartwatch, tablet, or computer. Customers can get another Digits line for an additional $10 per month via AutoPay. Up to five numbers per device and up to five devices per number are supported. A qualifying plan is required. T-Mobile announces T-Mobile Digits launch T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago HSN offers the 5th-generation Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet with Special Offers in Black bundled with Bella Clara Folio Case in Black or Magenta and several vouchers and credits for various services for $49.95. Pay with Visa Checkout to drop that $29.95. With free shipping, that's $10 below our April mention of just the tablet and $10 less than the lowest price we could find for the tablet alone now. It features a 7" 1024x600 touchscreen display, 1.3GHz quad-core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB internal memory, front- and rear-facing cameras, 802.11n wireless, Bluetooth, and Fire 5 OS with Alexa. Also available is the 16GB model bundled with a Bella Clara Folio Case in Black or Magenta or a NuPro Slim Standing Case in Pink or Purple for $59.95. (Similar vouchers are also included.) Pay with Visa Checkout to drop that $39.95. With free shipping, that's tied with our April mention of a similar bundle and the lowest price we could find for the tablet alone by $20. Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet w/ Case for $30 + free shipping HSN offers the 5th-generation Amazon Fire 7" 8GB Tablet with Special Offers in Black bundled with Bella Clara Folio Case ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr ago Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Choose from a variety of dress shoes and loafers. Deal ends June 18. Allen Edmonds Father's Day Sale: Up to $150 off shoes + free shipping Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 2 hr ago Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find today by $2. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: Shipping is now 15 cents. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + 15-cent s&h Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 10 hr ago Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for a DVD pre-order of this feature-length movie. Further, this movie has not yet been released in theaters in North America, making it for a very unusual freebie. (It will be released in limited markets on June 30 and DVDs won't be released until July 4.) The movie features the voices of Drake Bell (Superhero Movie, "Drake and Josh"), YouTube star Justine "iJustine" Ezarik, and Jane Lynch (Glee). Deal ends June 28. Note: It's unclear if the download is in SD or HD. A Stork's Journey Digital Movie for free Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 8 hr ago Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This drops the starting price of men's wallets to $52.50 $47.50, women's scarves to $97.50 $67.50, women's shoes to $82.50, and men's shoes to $97.50. Coach Summer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 12 hr ago TomTop offers this Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy in several colors (Yellow pictured) from $2.47. Coupon code "TOSPINNER" cuts that to 99 cents. With free shipping, that's $2 under our mention of a similar item from five days ago and a buck under the lowest price we could find for a similar spinner today. Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this item will ship from China, and may take two to six weeks to arrive. Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy for $1 + free s&h from China TomTop offers this Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy in several colors (Yellow pictured) from $2.47. Coupon code "TOSPINNER" cuts that to ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 13 hr ago Sperry offers its Sperry Men's Clipper Twin Gore Slip-on Loafers in Charcoal for $31.47 with free shipping. That's $68 off and the lowest price we could find. They're available in select sizes from 7.5 to 13. Sperry Men's Clipper Slip-on Loafers for $32 + free shipping Sperry offers its Sperry Men's Clipper Twin Gore Slip-on Loafers in Charcoal for $31.47 with free shipping. That's $68 off ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 41 min ago Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an additional 85-cent surcharge.) That's the lowest price we could find by $5. They're available in sizes 8 to 13. Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes from $13 + free shipping Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 23 hr ago Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of its Half-Yearly Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Some exclusions may apply. Sale ends June 4. Nordstrom Half-Yearly Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 16 hr ago DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare at" price, and prices are as marked.) Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $7.95 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Some exclusions may apply. Nike Shoes at DSW: 25% off + free shipping w/ $35 DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 6 hr ago Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay sellers, that's tied with our March mention and the lowest total price we could find by $2. Each mat measures 15.5" x 13" and is designed for use on low to medium heat. Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $5 + free shipping Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at around $9. Discounted items include monitors, speakers, and audio components. Warranty information is provided on select product pages. Refurb & Open-Box Monoprice Electronics: Up to 50% off Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at ... Read more. Updated: May 11, 2017 MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 4 days ago LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's a buck under the best price we could find for a similar one elsewhere. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker w/ LEDs for $4 + free s&h from China LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,417 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 354,417 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 122,760 12,181
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming Submit An Event About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules Walmart tests delivery service, asks employees to deliver packages on way home Alan Schein Photography(BENTONVILLE, Ark.) — Walmart is testing a delivery service in an effort to compete with its online rival Amazon. Walmart is asking its own store employees to deliver packages ordered online as they drive home from their regular shifts. The company said this is an opt-in program and workers would be paid.  More than 4,700 Walmart stores would participate, but the company is testing the program at two stores — one in New Jersey, another in Arkansas.   The announcement came a day before the company’s annual meeting. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, according to the company. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts London terror attack: 'Significant progress' made in identifying assailants Posted June 4, 2017 | World News|No Comments | | @jo55adams/Twitter (LONDON) — Authorities have made “significant progress” in identifying the three suspects allegedly responsible for a terror attack in London Saturday night that killed seven people and injured dozens more, police said. Several agencies are “working Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Kendall Kit Mann Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (June 2, 2017) – Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. Digital Press Kit Download high res photos and view executive speeches “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Veterans 360 Inc. Launches the First Transition Support Smartphone Application Next PostNext Global Cement System Emulsion Sales Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (June 2, 2017) – Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. Digital Press Kit Download high res photos and view executive speeches “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Veterans 360 Inc. Launches the First Transition Support Smartphone Application Next PostNext Global Cement System Emulsion Sales Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Pertumbuhan Global Diperkirakan Menguat Menjadi 2,7 Persen Seiring Membaiknya Kondisi Marketing and global brand rockstars to speak at ADMA Global Forum 2017 Property Investment: Good and Bad Tips La FDA investiga hallazgos de hepatitis A relacionados con atún congelado Global And China Composite Adhesives Industry 2017 Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Southeastern's season comes to an end following loss to Rice Mayor Landrieu expresses support for NOPD after most violent day of the year Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages 2017-06-02T21:07:43Z2017-06-02T21:10:58Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering - part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting - comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future -robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:16 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:16 GMT As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:13 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:13 GMT Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:12 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:12 GMT An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:10 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:10 GMT A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a balancing act In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a balancing act Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:11 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:11:48 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:11 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:11:48 GMT Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is in the middle of a balancing act as he tries to win a nationally watched special election in a traditionally conservative Georgia House district.More >> Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is in the middle of a balancing act as he tries to win a nationally watched special election in a traditionally conservative Georgia House district.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart execs say company doing well, but ‘tectonic changes in retail’ require more work BusinessLatest NewsRetail by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 2 days ago 201 views  Tags: Wal-Mart shareholder meeting 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs addresses the audience at the company's 47th annual shareholders' meeting. Thousands of Wal-Mart employees, shareholders, curious capitalists, shiny celebrities, and a few constant critics gathered Friday morning in Fayetteville, Arkansas, for the now popular and predictable annual meeting. It contains, arguably, an element of televangelism, with the call to Christ replaced by the celebration of commerce. With country music star and The Voice judge Blake Shelton serving as host, several Wal-Mart executives and employees made the case that the world’s largest retailer is on the right track as they work to grow a business that now boasts 260 million customers a week at stores in 28 countries. To be sure, it’s been a good year financially for Wal-Mart Stores, even with much of the retail sector reporting declines in store traffic and revenue. The first quarter earnings report was better than equity analysts expected, even with net income down by 1.3% to $3.039 billion. The $1 net income per share beat the consensus estimate of 96 cents per share. Revenue was slightly less than analysts expected as Wal-Mart reported top line sales of $117.5 billion compared to the consensus of $117.7 billion. That said, revenue grew 1.4% from the $115.904 billion in the year-ago quarter. Some deflationary pricing and foreign currency exchange rates drove down revenue by roughly $1.3 billion in the quarter. There were more things going right for Wal-Mart in the quarter with comparable store sales growth of 1.4% in U.S. stores and a 1.5% jump in same-store traffic. This marks the 10th consecutive quarter of positive comp traffic for the retail giant. On a two-year stacked basis, comp traffic is up 3%. Comp sales have been up for the past 11 quarters behind improved U.S. store results. Barron’s contributor Vito Racanelli puts Wal-Mart on a short list of those surviving against the onslaught of Amazon. Gordon Haskett Research Advisors recently initiated coverage of Wal-Mart one week ahead of earnings. The analyst rated the stock a “buy” with an aggressive one-year target price of $90. “We’ve long been critical on Wal-Mart after years of under-investing and a lack of focus on its U.S. segment. However, this is not your father’s Wal-Mart anymore,” noted Chuck Grom, senior analyst with Gordon Haskett. He said on the back end of $6 billion of investments to improve e-commerce capabilities and shopping convenience to more customers, Wal-Mart looks primed to regain its productivity loop momentum with traffic already bouncing back. Grom said it’s easier to keep positive momentum than to get it. “Equally important, Wal-Mart is not backing down against Amazon,” Grom said. “Instead, it’s building a digital ecosystem that should have tangible benefits across the enterprise. We think the stock is a prime candidate to be re-rated higher given both of the aforementioned factors.” ‘TECTONIC CHANGES’ Wal-Mart Board Chairman Greg Penner told the audience of more than 14,000 that the momentum is something on which the company should build. “At Wal-Mart, we have a lot to celebrate right now,” Penner said, but stressed “that doesn’t mean we can get comfortable” because there are “tectonic changes in retail.” After a video showing Wal-Mart co-founder Sam Walton encouraging the company to look for and promote “mavericks” who challenge the system, Penner said the company must continue to seek those eager to push for new ideas and innovations. He said managing mavericks and constantly seeking change is a “harder and more strenuous” path, but it will “lead to the future of retail.” What has also been difficult is the approximately $2.7 billion spent in the past few years by the company to hire more people, boost pay and support more training. Much of the money has been spent on e-commerce investments as Wal-Mart struggles to compete with online retail giant Amazon. Wal-Mart has partially invested in boosting its retail category expertise with acquisitions of online specialty retailers like Jet.com, Moosejaw, ShoeBuy and ModCLoth. Men’s clothier Bonobos is rumored to be the next deal and could cost Wal-Mart at least $300 million. The specialty online retailer sells items that range in price between $100 and $1,000, significantly higher than apparel sold in Walmart U.S. stores. But to continue to support the investments, Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said the company must also focus on cutting expenses. Expenses as a percentage of sales have grown in the past few years, he said. He said a 1% overall expense reduction could add $1 billion to company’s bottom line. ‘A NEW WALMART’ Using the parts of a song as his theme, Wal-Mart Stores President and CEO Doug McMillon said the company must continue to focus on delivering results, creating “shared value,” better serving customers, and taking care of employees. “Together we’re building a new Wal-Mart,” McMillon said. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Changes touted by McMillon included: • Free two-day shipping on more than 2 million online items; • Discounts for customers picking up online orders in stores; and • Grocery pickup in many global markets and delivery from stores in some markets. McMillon said the company will continue to experiment and invent. Some of the experiments according to Wal-Mart, include “digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, and robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation.” “We have started to invent the future of shopping again. We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. WAL-MART CRITICS It wasn’t all sunshine and rainbows at the meeting. Organization United for Respect (OUR) Walmart, a union-funded group, challenged Wal-Mart on its claims of better pay, environmental stewardship and employee benefits. “Through OUR Walmart, associates are directly challenging the corporation to live up to their PR on ‘investing in associates,’ becoming ‘environmentally sustainable’ and being ‘truthful and transparent,’”Andrea Dehlendorf, co-director of OUR, noted in a statement. “Living up to these promises are easily within reach for the nation’s largest corporate employer and the billionaire Walton heirs who control half of the company, but require deep change.” Following were the shareholder proposals presented by OUR Walmart. Janie Grice, a Walmart U.S. employee from Marion, S.C., asked shareholders to support a resolution calling on the company to report on how people of color are concentrated in less stable, lower-paying part time positions, and if race is a factor in hiring and promotion decisions. Carolyn Davis, a member of OUR Walmart, spoke in support of a shareholder resolution requesting that at least one Wal-Mart Board member nominee have environmental expertise. “Walmart made big promises to become one of the most environmentally sustainable retailers, but Walmart’s greenhouse gas emissions – that directly cause climate change – are not decreasing, they are increasing. That’s got to change,” Davis said in her statement. OUR Walmart also called for paid leave and sick time policies for hourly employees that mirror those for executives. “Women who work at Walmart are challenging the company to create policies that ensure the hundreds of thousands of parents working at Walmart can be there for their families, provide for their needs, and get a foothold toward economic stability,” OUR Walmart noted in a statement. Entertainers at the event were The Band Perry, Ne-Yo, Rachel Platten, Mary J. Blige and Gwen Stefani. Talk Business & Politics Senior Analyst Kim Souza contributed to this report. Comments comments Previous post C. Lowry Barnes invested as endowed chair of orthopaedic surgery at UAMS Next post Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget 3 hours ago Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation 8 hours ago Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 13 hours ago Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission 13 hours ago Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate 13 hours ago Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 2,129 views Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,123 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,955 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,602 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,437 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Digital Trouble A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Meme of the Week: The Final Word (Please?) on Covfefe 5 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Samsung, Verizon, Audi and More 6 hours ago Array 0 With #WearOrange, Huge Doubles Down on Gun Safety Messaging By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago Array 0 Walmart Brings Back Old Brands Like Zima and Oreo O's By Jack Neff - 8 hours ago Array 0 And Here's the View From Paris ... By Simon Dumenco - 9 hours ago Array 0 Video: The Final Word (Please?) on Covfefe 5 hours ago 0 With #WearOrange, Huge Doubles Down on Gun Safety Messaging By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago 0 Adidas Lights Up Pogba, Messi, Suarez and Firmino in This Trippy Animated Tribute By Alexandra Jardine - 12 hours ago 0 And Here's the View From Paris ... By Simon Dumenco - 9 hours ago 0 Before You Put Your Ad Business Up for a Pitch, Read This By Mark Wnek - 21 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Walmart Brings Back Old Brands Like Zima and Oreo O's By Jack Neff. Published on June 02, 2017. Credit: MillerCoors/YouTube Anyone feeling nostalgic about Zima or Oreo O's can thank Walmart for their comeback. The giant retailer is convinced these old brands have lingering appeal and prodded their owners to bring them back. Walmart has stepped up investments in its own private labels the past two years. But its growing product-development effort also includes getting branded suppliers to launch – more accurately relaunch – products. That's turned the world's biggest retailer into a nostalgia broker lately. Walmart's cereal buyer discovered a trend around indulgent cereals, especially as late-night snacks, as well as enduring social-media nostalgia Oreo O's, first launched in 1998 but discontinued in 2005, said Megan Crozier, senior VP-packaged goods, during a tour of Walmart's Culinary & Innovation Center next to global headquarters in Bentonville on Thursday. Related Stories Remember Zima? Clear Malt Beverage Is Poised for Comeback So the buyer went to Mondelez, owner of Oreos, and cereal maker Post, and told them: "You need to bring this back. But this time we need you to do it better than ever," Crozier said. The buyer "worked with the suppliers very closely on reformulating it and making the product even better." The result was relaunch of Oreo O's this week, starting for 90 days exclusively at Walmart, Crozier said. It's a similar story with Zima, originally launched in the early 1990s and discontinued in 2009. Oreos Cereal Credit: Post Consumer Brands "We were talking through consumer insights, and we hit on this notion that people want things that are nostalgic, things from their past that remind them of a better part of their life," said Al Dominguez, senior VP-snacks, beverage and impulse. "So we worked with our partners at MillerCoors to generate this idea, really talk them into it and convince them." Zima isn't a Walmart exclusive, but "we tried to buy as much from MillerCoors as they would allow us to buy" said Dominguez, who believes he's bought about half the limited edition of Zima hitting stores now. Walmart also heard from customers about how they liked to flavor Zima by dropping Jolly Ranchers candy into it. So the retailer will co-market the brands on social media, he said. MillerCoors does not plan to follow Walmart's lead on the co-branding; marketing a candy and alcoholic beverage together has the potential to raise age concerns. "MillerCoors has no plans to market these brands together, on social media or otherwise," a company spokesman said. "The company always encourages responsible consumption of our products and has exhibited a long-standing commitment to responsibly marketing our beers only to those 21 and older." Hershey, which sells Jolly Rancher, also said it was not involved in Walmart's plans. "We are not involved in these specific retailer marketing efforts," a representative said. "We often see retailers coming up with creative ways to merchandise and market brands that are inspired by consumer ideas, from both the past and present. This shows how relevant and popular our Jolly Rancher brand continues to be." The nostalgia appeal plays out in some of Walmart's recent advertising playing off old rock anthems, too. But Walmart's stepped-up product development effort isn't all about nostalgia or other people's brands. Executives from Chief Merchandising Officer Steve Bratspies on down went to great lengths to highlight increased emphasis on quality as well as price, including extensive testing that goes into Walmart's bargain-priced sportswear and towels. This includes "democratizing" organic foods through lower prices, such as with new organic applesauce pouches. Latriece Watkins, senior VP-consumables and over-the-counter, showcased private-label products aimed not just at the biggest mass brands, but also emerging players such as Johnson & Johnson's OTX and L'Oreal USA's Matrix salon brand.Walmart has significantly staffed up product development in its baby-care business in the past 18 months, executives said, focusing on everything from pouch meals to baby wipes and strollers, with products priced 25% to 50% below branded rivals. But Walmart's effort isn't all about knockoffs either. Its own Flower and Hard Candy cosmetics are big sellers, Watkins said. And Great Value is rolling out 28 new flavors of ice cream, more than doubling its assortment to 49 including category-original names like "Break-Up Brownie." "Aspirational products at disruptive prices" was how Scott McCall, senior VP-home and seasonal, described Walmart's product-development effort. This includes a Keurig K-Cup coffee maker hitting stores now priced at $59 -- $30 or more below prices elsewhere -- and Yankee Candles priced around $10 less than what they sell for elsewhere. In this article: Alcoholic Beverages Beauty/Fashion Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Packaged Food Research Social Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la négociation – GBR, MTB Next PostNext Xtreme Drilling Corp. Announces Preliminary Results of Substantial Issuer Bid Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress

Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting By Published: June 2, 2017 12:10 p.m. ET Share Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., Jun 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Today at Walmart’s 47 [th] Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities.“Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, -0.24% helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170602005650/en/ SOURCE: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Quote References WMT -0.19 -0.24% Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) Volume 7.8M Open $79.80 High $79.93 Low $79.22 P/E Ratio 18.05 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 241.4B
Obituaries Local News Boise State Sports Idaho Politics 64° Full Menu 64° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Boise West Ada Canyon County Crime State News Nation/World News Databases Education Environment Idahoans in the Military Weather Traffic Helping Works In the Classroom Our Community Sports Sports Boise State Football Boise State Basketball Idaho Vandals High Schools Boise Hawks Idaho Steelheads Idaho Stampede Bronco Beat Extra Points Varsity Extra Blog NFL NBA NHL MLB Golf Politics Idaho Politics Elections Government and Business Capitol & State Letters from the West National Politics Business Business Business Insider Business Columns & Blogs Personal Finance Legal Notices Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Reader's Opinion Submit a Letter or Opinion Robert Ehlert Entertainment Entertainment Events Calendar Restaurant Reviews Arts and Culture Festivals Movie Reviews Movie Showtimes Music Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Puzzles Words & Deeds ArtsBeat Outdoors Outdoors Playing Outdoors Blog Biking Camping Fishing Hiking and Trails Hunting Winter Recreation Living Living Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Treasure Pets Religion Travel Best of Treasure Valley Heart of the Treasure Valley Margaret Lauterbach Tim Woodward Carolyn Hax Obituaries Shopping Contests Promotions Advertise Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 7:43 Patriot Thunder, a biker-led fundraiser, roars to life at Meridian Harley Davidson dealer Pause 2:21 Greek Food Festival adds a little Tzatziki sauce to Boise culture 1:56 Volunteers join Paint The Town and make Boise a beautiful place 2:10 Secretaries Zinke and Perdue visit Idaho 1:24 Alleged bike thief describes his crimes in Facebook Live rant as he pedals down I-84 0:19 Ford Bronco almost, but doesn't quite make it across Boise County's Grimes Creek 1:09 Is Idaho too great for hate? Leaders say it is 1:41 Myths about drowning, tips to keep your kids safe around water 2:10 Fly over the aftermath of the 2016 Pioneer Fire 5:11 Bow Wow — ‘the ‘Cheers’ of auto parts’ — to close its doors after 45 years Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email An alleged bike thief was caught by police after posting about his crimes on a Facebook Live video, where he can be seen pedaling a bicycle down Interstate 84 near Mountain Home. In the 21-minute, expletive-laden video, he talks about running away from the police and eluding capture. Facebook/Jason Granger An alleged bike thief was caught by police after posting about his crimes on a Facebook Live video, where he can be seen pedaling a bicycle down Interstate 84 near Mountain Home. In the 21-minute, expletive-laden video, he talks about running away from the police and eluding capture. Facebook/Jason Granger Local June 02, 2017 10:14 AM Walmart robbery suspect taunts police on Facebook Live, pedaling bike down interstate By Katy Moeller and Nicole Blanchard kmoeller@idahostatesman.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A 32-year-old Michigan man tried to rob the Mountain Home Walmart on Thursday morning, and police say they now have him in custody, thanks to a video posted on social media. Mountain Home police were called to the Walmart at 11:30 a.m. Thursday for a report of threats to a customer. A man later identified as Jason Granger demanded money and displayed a holster in his waistband, police said. The man, described as having red hair and a beard, was wearing blue jeans. He fled with an unspecified amount of cash on a bicycle later found to be stolen from a local church. His live broadcast may have given him away. “Investigation found a live video on Facebook from him narrating his traveling on Interstate 84,” according to a news release from Mountain Home Police Friday morning. Granger appears to reference the police interest early in the video: “You [expletive] cops can’t catch me. Like my new wheels, guys? Isn’t that a sweet bike? I’m still running from any cop I come across. Catch me if you can.” And later, in regards to the bike he was riding: “Compliments of the [expletive] community center I [expletive] robbed it from. It was a pretty cool community center. ... In fact, I might go back and take some more [expletive].” Working off a description provided by Mountain Home investigators, two Idaho State Police motorcycle troopers spotted Granger along I-84. Told that the man had indicated at Walmart that he might have a gun, the troopers held Granger at gunpoint until Mountain Home officers drove out and arrested him, an ISP spokesman said. Granger was booked into the Elmore County Jail on charges of attempted armed robbery and burglary. Mountain Home Police Lt. Ron Harmon said the report on the case hasn’t been completed, and he doesn’t yet know whether Granger was in possession of a gun at the time he was arrested. Idaho court records show one sealed case for Granger in Elmore County. “I don’t think we’ve dealt with him before,” Harmon said. Granger is from White Lake, Mich., police said. In the video, he says he left Michigan and was on his way to Portland. He says he stole food from the community center to make a “survival pack.” Katy Moeller: 208-377-6413, @KatyMoeller Jason Granger Elmore County Jail LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 7:43 Patriot Thunder, a biker-led fundraiser, roars to life at Meridian Harley Davidson dealer Pause 2:21 Greek Food Festival adds a little Tzatziki sauce to Boise culture 1:56 Volunteers join Paint The Town and make Boise a beautiful place 2:10 Secretaries Zinke and Perdue visit Idaho 1:24 Alleged bike thief describes his crimes in Facebook Live rant as he pedals down I-84 0:19 Ford Bronco almost, but doesn't quite make it across Boise County's Grimes Creek 1:09 Is Idaho too great for hate? Leaders say it is 1:41 Myths about drowning, tips to keep your kids safe around water 2:10 Fly over the aftermath of the 2016 Pioneer Fire 5:11 Bow Wow — ‘the ‘Cheers’ of auto parts’ — to close its doors after 45 years Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 hours ago Patriot Thunder, a biker-led fundraiser, roars to life at Meridian Harley Davidson dealer 7:43 6 hours ago Patriot Thunder, a biker-led fundraiser, roars to life at Meridian Harley Davidson dealer 2:21 a day ago Greek Food Festival adds a little Tzatziki sauce to Boise culture 1:56 a day ago Volunteers join Paint The Town and make Boise a beautiful place View More Video Local Hundreds of bikers roar down the road for Idaho Patriot Thunder For the second year straight, Jehovah’s Witness convention draws crowd to Nampa As Idaho ties to Basque Country grow, could a transoceanic campus be next? Boise’s Bucket of Blood Saloon was notorious As floodwaters rise, Eagle Island State park closes completely Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition (Digital Replica) Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Local Morning Team Contests Traffic Transit Alerts & On Demand Events Weather 61° 61° Low 61° High 66° Mon 57° 72° Tue 53° 60° Wed 54° 60° See complete forecast Walmart tests new delivery system in NJ Posted 11:50 AM, June 2, 2017, by Aliza Chasan Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Walmart plans to have employees deliver packages on their drives home from work. (Walmart) NEW JERSEY — Walmart employees from two locations in New Jersey can now deliver packages directly to customers’s front door. Participating employees can sign up to deliver packages while they’re on their way home from work. Walmart says it will get shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently. “It creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Walmart President and CEO Marc Lore said. Walmart employees will choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight of those packages and the days on which they’re able to make deliveries after work. There are 4,700 Walmart stores across the U.S. The chain has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the population. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Lore said. “It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.”   40.058324 -74.405661 Related stories Amazon lowers free shipping minimum … again Full list of 154 Wal-Mart stores to close across U.S. Walmart gives 500,000 employees a pay raise Filed in: New Jersey, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular Dying man with ‘numerous’ gunshot wounds found in car parked in Brooklyn Queens nanny arrested for allegedly assaulting 2-week-old baby Woman accused of throwing 2-year-old son strapped to stroller down subway stairs in the Bronx, cops say Baby dies after pregnant mom is seriously injured in crash with suspected drunken driver Latest News Megyn Kelly gets off to low-key start on ‘Sunday Night’ Queens woman wants her Russian-speaking parrot ‘Roma’ to return home safely Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US: ‘The bloodshed must end’ NYPD officer fighting for his life after being dragged by stolen car for several blocks in Brooklyn; 4 in custody News Grandmother viciously attacked while shopping at Georgia Walmart News Sears warns there’s ‘substantial doubt’ it can survive News ‘No justice, no pizza’: Workers hold strike at Manhattan Domino’s for fair work hours Long Island Clare Rose strikers cry foul as Long Island beer distributor moves to replace them News ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete News What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? News Panera to hire 10,000 as it expands delivery service News ‘World’s strongest’ coffee makers boast ‘dangerously high’ caffeine levels News Patrons at Astoria Starbucks say ‘accessible ramp’ is not accessible News 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears News Recall issued after bat reportedly found in packaged Fresh Express salad mix Local Stories News Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 News Mom of 4 who is expecting quadruplets gets Mother’s Day surprise Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success June 02, 2017 12:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Release Summary Walmart hosts 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Tech Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic PointCloud Walmart Is Looking to VR to Prep Workers for Black Friday Leena Rao Jun 02, 2017 The holiday shopping season is still months away, but Walmart is already preparing, now turning to virtual reality headsets and simulators to help new employees handle one of the busiest shopping days of the year: Black Friday. According to the retail giant, Walmart added virtual reality training into 30 of its training centers to help employees experience a real store environment, and teach them how to handle situations like massive crowds and long lines on Black Friday. All of this education can take place without having to disrupt an actual Walmart store and its customers. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. For example, a new Walmart store manager may have never experienced a Black Friday. The VR experience could show the employee how crowded a store will get and to which areas shoppers flock. Tech news site the Verge reported that Walmart's VR training is actually powered by startup Strivr. “We’re using computer vision to map scenes, so we literally know exactly where someone's looking,” Strivr CEO Derek Belch told the Verge. “If they don't look at [the right place] and press the button indicating that they have seen the stimuli that we're looking for, we know.” That simulation is particularly helpful in knowing if an employee understands the exact layout of a store and where merchandise is placed. One of the major challenges in this scenario is that the headsets Walmart are implementing, such as the Oculus Rift, can be costly, limiting how many headsets Walmart can have in a training center. But Walmart says the results from VR training are "promising," and will now be rolling VR training out to all of its 200 training facilities by the end of 2017. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
NJ.com Menu Home News open Politics open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Legal Notices Photos/Videos open Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate open Rentals Health Classifieds open Local Businesses open Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County open All Newspapers open Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports open Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Middlesex County Tracy Morgan reportedly ordered to testify over Walmart's huge crash payout Posted on June 2, 2017 at 10:52 AM 8 Gallery: Tracy Morgan returns to 'Saturday Night Live' By Spencer Kent skent@njadvancemedia.com, NJ Advance Media for NJ.com Tracy Morgan has been ordered to testify under oath by Walmart's insurance company, which is fighting the huge settlement the retail giant paid to the comedian in a deadly 2014 crash on the New Jersey Turnpike, according to a report by Pagesix.com. In September 2015, Morgan received a roughly $90-million payout from Walmart after he was seriously injured in the crash involving one of the company's trucks. Morgan's friend and fellow comedian, James McNair, was killed in the crash. The company's insurer, Ohio Casualty, which ordered the comedian to hand over financial documents earlier this year, is now demanding Morgan be deposed over the settlement. The insurance company has also accused Morgan of taking advantage of the system, alleging that his future earnings weren't compromised as much as he had claimed, according to a previous report. The July 7, 2014, crash on the Turnpike in Cranbury also injured Morgan's friend Ardley Fuqua. The three were riding in a limo bus after a show in Delaware. The insurance company filed court documents last week requesting deposition dates for both Morgan and Fuqua, who was also in the car with Morgan during the crash, according to Pagesix.com's report. The report also said the insurance company is asking Morgan to fork over his medical records, income statements and other financial records as well as the list of medicines prescribed to him after the crash. The company is asking that Morgan and Fuqua provide a date to testify between June 19 and Aug. 2, the report said. If they fail to provide a reason why they can't testify, they could be held in contempt of court, the report said. Morgan reached the settlement with Walmart in May 2015. That same year, he paid $13.9 million for a mansion in Alpine. Walmart paid out $10 million to McNair's two children. Kevin Roper, who was driving the Walmart truck during the crash, pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide and other charges last year, admitting that he continued to drive the truck while feeling fatigued and even after passing a Turnpike rest area in Cranbury. Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook. View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 57° F Overcast Hi: 67° F Lo: 56° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Police take part in tactical training exercise June 4, 2017 Police took part in a tactical training exercise in Milford on Sunday night. It had been planned for months and was not in response to the a… People come out to pedal for a cause in Oxford June 4, 2017 The annual “Ride for Children” was held Sunday morning. Trump may not block Comey testimony at key public hearing June 4, 2017 Quinnipiac University professor studying abroad in London talks about attack June 4, 2017 Analyst group: IS claims London attack June 4, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 57° F Overcast Feels Like: 57° F Wind: E 10 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 5:19 AM Sunset: 8:20 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 57° F Overcast Hi: 67° F Lo: 56° F Some Walmart workers now deliver packages on their way home By CNN Published: June 2, 2017, 10:47 am Updated: June 2, 2017, 12:31 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (CNN) — “Since it’s on your way, can you drop this off?” That’s essentially what Walmart is asking some store workers, if they’ve opted to participate in a new delivery program. More specifically, the retailer is testing out the concept of having employees deliver packages to customers’ homes on their commute home. In a blog post published Thursday, Walmart (WMT) touted the idea as a way to both speed up its delivery service and help employees make a little extra money. Two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas have been trying it out over the past month, and Walmart insists “the response from associates and customers has been great.” It’s not clear when or if the program will expand. The company says it’s developed an app that allows employees to sign up for the program, and that participation is optional. The app can alert an associate when there’s an order destined for a location that’s on his or her way home. The company says “many” orders delivered in the testing program wind up arriving the day after they’re placed. By comparison, Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) has rolled out same-day delivery services across much of the country. Walmart’s program is a sign that it’s looking to compete. “It just makes sense,” the company said in the blog post. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population.” The company declined to say how much employees are paid to take on the added responsibility — but Walmart did say that workers are “fully in control of their experience.” “Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages, and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work,” the blog post says. “It’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time.” Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Panera to hire 10,000 as it expands delivery service UPS unveils Saturday delivery — and 6,000 new jobs Connecticut mother goes into labor along highway, doctor meets family to help deliver baby Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Christy Gren , May 31, 2017 Former Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer Talks About Investment in Twitter Christy Gren , May 26, 2017 Samsung Will Set up a 500 Billion Fund to Support Small Businesses Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Christy Gren , May 8, 2017 Liquid Rich and Monetarily Poor Venezuela Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Subaru XV to Shield you from Dangerous Impact Home Featured Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Featured Logistics & Supply Chain NEWS Strategic Thinking SHARE Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 / 143 0 In the current scenario, home-delivery is the most viable option people tend to prefer. This system has ramped up the market of online shopping by leaps and bounds. Now, wouldn’t it be amazing if you get your packages from the supermarket also delivered to your home? Amazon, the e-commerce giant delivers orders at your doorstep in a very convenient and smooth way. This system is the biggest competition for U.S’s supermarket chain, Walmart. The supermarket is now testing a new initiative which can prove as a successful move to close the gap with its rival, Amazon. Walmart e-commerce is towards a move that is testing a program wherein its store workers deliver packages on their way home. According to the reports on Reuters, the store workers deliver the packages that are ordered on the Walmart website after finishing their shifts. In a blog post, the head of this supermarket’s e-commerce operations, Marc Lore said that this step will cut the shipping costs. He added that it will also speed up the delivery of packages and allow Walmart’s workers to earn additional compensation. Walmart E-commerce Testing Program The company said that its trucks deliver the packages for store pick-up to retail locations. These same trucks can bring additional orders that a worker can sign up to deliver. Moreover, this is not a compulsory but a voluntary program for Walmart store workers. So, for Walmart e-commerce, it does not even pressurize its workers to compulsory deliver packages on their way home. Only the ones, who voluntarily want to do it, can do it. But Walmart has not shared the details of the compensation it will provide to the workers who voluntarily sign up. Lore said that the stores are within 16km (10 miles) of 90 percent of the population of U.S. He said that imagining all the routes the workers drive to and fro from their work, and the houses they pass along in their way; it is easy to see that the test could be a game-changer. This testing program is currently limited to three Walmart stores in Arkansas and New Jersey. Walmart’s Competition with Amazon The supermarket chain is already seeing a big time competition with the leading e-commerce giant, Amazon. Walmart even acquired Jet and other retailers to boost its e-commerce game. Ahead of Walmart’s annual meeting, one thing we know is that the company’s first quarter (Q1) sales rose at 63 percent. The company says that this surge is not due to acquisitions but it is driven by the changes in the shipping strategy; also the discount offered to shoppers picking up their online orders. While Amazon offers thousands of millions of products, Walmart is still offering only around 50 million products. Amazon had 33 percent in the online sales of the U.S last year; Walmart seeing a second position with just 7.8 percent, followed by eBay. Moreover, Amazon has launched Amazon Prime for faster deliveries. So, is delivery-on-the-way-home by workers an apt strategy for Walmart? Well, as this move is a testing program for Walmart e-commerce, we will have to wait until we see the results of this move. Benefits of the New Program The Walmart e-commerce testing program is designed in a way that can cut out the costs of the last mile distribution. Lore said that this is different from the crowd-sourced delivery. This move pulls out a huge amount of time from the last mile. This in turn, pulls out a huge amount of cost. With the Walmart e-commerce strategy, the company hopes that it will be able to use its assets in narrowing the gap with Amazon. Walmart’s assets include 4,700 stores across the U.S., 6,100 trucks, and a clan of 1.5 million U.S employees. Even if half of the 1.5 million workers turn into delivery drivers, given the voluntary scheme of the program; Walmart will not have to spend any extra dollars on employing new delivery drivers. This scheme, if it works out in the favour of the supermarket chain, will turn out to be a bull’s eye move; providing delivery service to customers without investing in more workforce. Author Christy Gren Christy Gren is an Industry Specialist Reporter at Industry Leaders Magazine; she enjoys writing about Unicorns, Silicon Valley, Startups, and Business leaders and innovators. Her articles provide an insight about the Power Players in the field of Technology, Auto, Manufacturing, and F&B. Follow Christy Gren on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: supermarket chain, Walmart, walmart e-commerce, Walmart stores, walmart workers Next Article Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Previous Article Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Similar Articles Dhwani Shah, April 16, 2012 Yuan Band Move Indicates Improvements in the Economy Christy Gren, September 29, 2014 Emaar Raises $1.6 billion in IPO, Dubai’s Biggest IPO since 2007 Dhwani Shah, January 10, 2012 Asian Stocks Climb Up Before Eurozone Leaders Meet Related Posts Will the Spanish banking crisis be averted? Would the bail-out plan really help? Sharp plans to roll out the world's first 8K TV in October, for $133,000 How can Leaders Bridge the ‘Strategy to Execution Gap’ Google, Facebook, Microsoft And Others Collaborate For The Partnership On AI Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Sunday June 04 2017 9:13 pm       Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders June 02, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery.     Tags: walmart, delivery, would, jariwala, online, company, Other stories from today: Painting break results in town greeting visitors with ‘sex’ Experts: Lack of warning at California dam raises alarm Brown: Republican support needed on cap-and-trade renewal     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of legislation passed by the state Senate and heading to the Assembly that would create single-payer health care system in California? Love it Like the concept, but think it's too costly Think it needs more vetting Don't like that it will force people onto government insurance Think it's a good first step Don't like it at all Not sure                           Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County high school sports  
× News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives Grocery retailers offer convenience through online shopping News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives Food, Healthy Living, Life Grocery retailers offer convenience through online shopping June 2, 2017 by Kelsie Matheson 0 0 0 0 0 Editor’s note: this story pairs with another titled “Food delivery is changing Provo’s night scene” American shoppers made more than half of their purchases online in 2016, according to a study by UPS. Retailers are changing the way they run their businesses in response to the shift from personal to virtual shopping —including grocery retailers. The grocery industry is the second largest retail industry in the U.S. and brings in almost $6.5 billion a year, according to the Food Marketing Institute. Wal-Mart, the largest retail company in the world based on the 2017 Global Powers of Retailing report, has provided consumers more purchasing options. “As customers are looking for new and convenient ways to shop, we remain committed to testing innovative concepts by combining digital and physical assets that enable customers to shop when, where and how they want,” according to a press release from Wal-Mart about their newly implemented pickup feature. Wal-Mart introduced its grocery pickup option for online shoppers, called Wal-Mart Grocery, last year. It allows customers to purchase groceries online and pick them up at the store that same day for no additional fee. Kiffyn Dykstra started using Wal-Mart’s pickup service when she realized she and her husband needed groceries, but she was too tired to go shopping because she is pregnant. “It is super nice because with pregnancy brain I always forget what we already have or don’t have,” Dykstra said. She prefers to fill out her online order while looking in her fridge to make sure she orders what she needs. The Dykstras have also saved money by using the Wal-Mart pickup option. “There is no extra fee, so you are just paying for the actual food, and I don’t just walk up and down the aisles buying things we don’t need that just look good because I see them,” she said. Wal-Mart Grocery does not match prices from other stores or locations. The prices are based on where the items are picked up. Online products may differ from the products that are available at the pickup location. Shoppers may choose to allow substitutions for their orders and will be charged for the lower-priced item, according to Wal-Mart’s website. “They don’t always have every brand or variety as an online option, but I can get 98 percent of what I buy at Wal-Mart,” said shopper Laura Trumbo. The only issue Trumbo had was she couldn’t just order one jalapeño pepper; she had to order a whole pound. Trumbo said she didn’t worry about it much because the price was less than a dollar. Amazon.com Inc., the leader in all things cyber-shopping, has moved into the top 10 list of the world’s largest retail chains. The company has been working its way into the grocery industry since 2007, when it launched AmazonFresh. This feature allows Amazon Prime members in select cities to purchase groceries online and have them delivered later that day or the next morning. “AmazonFresh allows customers to combine grocery and other shopping into one seamless experience that easily fits into their routines and improves their busy lives,” according to the AmazonFresh website. Late last year, Amazon.com Inc. introduced Amazon Go, a brick-and-mortar store that allows customers to enter the store, grab what they need, and leave with “no checkout required.” Amazon calls this its Just Walk Out Technology. “Our checkout-free shopping experience is made possible by the same types of technologies used in self-driving cars: computer vision, sensor fusion and deep learning,” according to the Amazon Go website. Customers make purchases online, rather than at a cash register. This new shopping experience is still in the beta phase and is only available to Amazon employees in Seattle, Washington. The company is planning to open it to the public this year. Local grocers have also started to include grocery pickup services for their customers. Macey’s Food and Drug offers Macey’s Anywhere. It first launched in October 2015 at five Utah County Macey’s locations, according to Rachael M. Wabel, Macey’s marketing and communications specialist. “Over the summer of 2016 it was rolled out to other stores, and the service is now available at all 12 Macey’s locations from Logan to Spanish Fork,” she said in an email. The company partnered with the Rosie app, which allows customers to shop on any device for their groceries. The app gives shoppers the chance to personalize their orders, especially when it comes to meat and produce.  Paige Davis, a Macey’s Anywhere shopper, loves the pickup service. “They have a little section by each product to leave a note,” Davis said, “From my experience, they have always catered to the note and I’ve gotten exactly what I want.” Macey’s Anywhere customers must submit their orders by 1 p.m. and at least 4 hours ahead of time. The last pickup slot of the day is between 7 and 8 p.m. Shoppers also have to spend a minimum of $30 on groceries and are charged a $1.99 pickup fee. The Macey’s stores in Sandy and Pleasant Grove started testing home delivery on April 3, according to Wabel. Although the convenience of at-home delivery is still favored for 65 percent of online purchases, 35 percent of shoppers prefer an alternate delivery or pickup location, according to the 2016 UPS Pulse of the Online shopper report. Online shoppers would prefer having their purchases delivered to their door, but alternative pickup options that are more affordable and save the consumer time have become more popular, according to the 2016 Pulse of the the Online Shopper report. Kelsie Matheson Kelsie is a Media News major and minoring in digital humanities. She grew up in Aurora, Utah, but currently, resides in Orem with her husband and daughter. 0 0 0 0 0 June 2, 2017 Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies & Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (12) May 2017  (167) April 2017  (123) March 2017  (206) February 2017  (188) January 2017  (116) December 2016  (85) November 2016  (256) October 2016  (266) September 2016  (235) August 2016  (132) July 2016  (134) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (227) April 2016  (214) March 2016  (372) February 2016  (315) January 2016  (314) December 2015  (121) November 2015  (306) October 2015  (410) September 2015  (349) August 2015  (150) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (163) May 2015  (172) April 2015  (215) March 2015  (356) February 2015  (357) January 2015  (313) December 2014  (161) November 2014  (323) October 2014  (412) September 2014  (279) August 2014  (120) July 2014  (155) June 2014  (105) May 2014  (218) April 2014  (254) March 2014  (361) February 2014  (468) January 2014  (313) December 2013  (187) November 2013  (326) October 2013  (412) September 2013  (360) August 2013  (212) July 2013  (151) June 2013  (154) May 2013  (221) April 2013  (320) March 2013  (409) February 2013  (388) January 2013  (302) December 2012  (92) November 2012  (419) October 2012  (630) September 2012  (449) August 2012  (189) July 2012  (215) June 2012  (206) May 2012  (271) April 2012  (218) March 2012  (371) February 2012  (414) January 2012  (333) December 2011  (136) November 2011  (396) October 2011  (534) September 2011  (424) August 2011  (173) July 2011  (229) June 2011  (225) May 2011  (5) April 2011  (5) February 2011  (1) January 2011  (4) September 2010  (9) June 2010  (8) March 2009  (280) February 2009  (178) January 2009  (74) December 2008  (20) November 2008  (135) October 2008  (93) April 2008  (24) March 2008  (229) February 2008  (32) January 2008  (285) December 2007  (188) October 2007  (9) September 2007  (239) August 2007  (147) July 2007  (244) June 2007  (190) May 2007  (259) April 2007  (272) March 2007  (353) February 2007  (413) January 2007  (335) December 2006  (218) November 2006  (428) October 2006  (498) September 2006  (368) August 2006  (157) July 2006  (207) June 2006  (309) May 2006  (338) April 2006  (245) March 2006  (415) February 2006  (399) January 2006  (289) December 2005  (187) November 2005  (421) October 2005  (412) September 2005  (424) August 2005  (151) July 2005  (230) June 2005  (271) May 2005  (316) April 2005  (286) March 2005  (431) February 2005  (395) January 2005  (267) December 2004  (171) November 2004  (376) October 2004  (539) September 2004  (520) August 2004  (199) July 2004  (404) June 2004  (394) May 2004  (462) April 2004  (380) March 2004  (675) February 2004  (564) January 2004  (489) December 2003  (261) November 2003  (424) October 2003  (578) September 2003  (363) August 2003  (134) July 2003  (383) June 2003  (319) May 2003  (455) April 2003  (417) March 2003  (760) February 2003  (683) January 2003  (532) December 2002  (234) November 2002  (416) October 2002  (553) September 2002  (375) August 2002  (101) July 2002  (275) June 2002  (221) May 2002  (284) April 2002  (467) March 2002  (656) February 2002  (443) January 2002  (497) December 2001  (234) November 2001  (520) October 2001  (761) September 2001  (493) August 2001  (131) July 2001  (276) June 2001  (210) May 2001  (282) April 2001  (441) March 2001  (655) February 2001  (547) January 2001  (396) December 2000  (129) November 2000  (608) October 2000  (677) September 2000  (590) August 2000  (249) July 2000  (321) June 2000  (387) May 2000  (595) April 2000  (364) March 2000  (603) February 2000  (509) January 2000  (416) December 1999  (169) November 1999  (480) October 1999  (202) September 1999  (886) August 1999  (104) July 1999  (246) June 1999  (269) May 1999  (332) April 1999  (402) March 1999  (672) February 1999  (609) January 1999  (396) December 1998  (177) November 1998  (497) October 1998  (542) September 1998  (577) August 1998  (312) July 1998  (192) June 1998  (234) May 1998  (274) April 1998  (367) March 1998  (541) February 1998  (554) January 1998  (369) December 1997  (152) November 1997  (398) October 1997  (607) September 1997  (533) August 1997  (159) July 1997  (234) June 1997  (157) May 1997  (191) April 1997  (220) March 1997  (295) February 1997  (362) January 1997  (195) December 1996  (170) November 1996  (251) October 1996  (304) September 1996  (103) August 1996  (68) July 1996  (123) June 1996  (130) May 1996  (174) April 1996  (247) March 1996  (264) February 1996  (400) January 1996  (180) October 1994  (1) ABOUT US ADVERTISING BRIMHALL WEBCAM CONTACT US COPYRIGHT / PRIVACY SUBMIT NEWS TIPS UNIVERSE ARCHIVES (PDF) UNIVERSE JOBS Site Login © 2016 The Daily Universe - Brigham Young University

News Sports Business Real Estate 80° Full Menu 80° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business June 02, 2017 9:01 AM Wal-Mart's massive delivery hub rises from Alabama farmland By JOHN SHARP Al.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story MOBILE, Ala. The humble beginnings of what will blossom into a mega-distribution center are beginning to take shape on west Mobile County farmland. At the non-descript site off Interstate 10 are dozens of pickup trucks, makeshift trailers and construction machines. The only symbol that this rural tract will become home to one of Wal-Mart's biggest investments along the Gulf Coast is a simple sign that reads, "Coming Spring 2018. Walmart." "I drive out and look at the site periodically," said Troy Wayman, vice president of economic development with the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce. "It's kind of like your baby. You want to look as often as possible. It's phenomenal to see." The world's No. 1 retailer remains on schedule with the construction of a $135 million, 2.5-million-square-foot distribution center that is expected to bolster activity at the nearby Port of Mobile and substantially increase truck traffic on Interstate 10. The construction timeline remains unchanged, and the distribution center will be fully operational by this time next year, according to a spokeswoman for Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart will begin posting for senior-level positions, such as operations managers and area managers, starting this month or in early July. The hope, the company says, is to have a leadership team hired by the fall. Once the center is built, Wal-Mart plans to add 550 jobs to support the logistical hub that will serve 800 of Wal-Mart's 4,600 U.S. stores. Those 800 stores are scattered over a sweeping area of the nation's heartland, from Alabama to Mississippi northward to the Great Lakes region. The company broke ground on the project in March. City, county and state taxpayers are investing in the project by providing incentives totaling about $15.3 million in property and sales tax abatements and up to $6.5 million in land purchase and road improvements. "We're just excited about how the project is progressing," Wayman said. The ongoing work on the distribution center - which will rank in the top 10 percent of the company's U.S. facilities in scope and size, and will be the company's sixth import distribution center in the U.S. - comes as Wal-Mart is pushing forward on retail store and training expansions in Alabama. The company, in a news release last month, announced a multimillion-dollar capital campaign to remodel seven locations in the state: Mobile, Tuscaloosa, Brewton, Enterprise, Northport, Alexander City and Guntersville. In addition, the company is launching more of its Wal-Mart academies. Presently, there are three such academies in the state, at Wetumpka, Fairhope and Gadsden. Erica Jones, senior manager with Wal-Mart's communications team, said the new academies are part of a beefed-up training operation that began in 2015. Previous training was handled by the managers of each individual store, she said. "We'll be investing in training that our associates receive," said Jones. "The academy program is a result of that." The Alabama academies are part of 120 which have opened in the U.S. The goal, Jones said, is to open 200 of them by the end of 2017. The investments in Alabama are part of a $6.8 billion capital program nationwide, which includes the expansion and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers. In addition, Wal-Mart plans to expand its online grocery pickup services as the company positions itself to compete more aggressively against the online retail giant, Amazon. Wal-Mart, which last year reported $486 billion in annual revenue - more than three times that of Amazon - accounted for 7.8 percent in online U.S. sales last year, according to an article in the The Washington Post. Amazon, by comparison, accounted for 33 percent of online sales. In Mobile, the company is banking on utilizing the State Docks to transport Wal-Mart-bound containers to the distribution center, which is about a 15-minute drive along Interstate 10. The distribution center will be serviced by approximately 600 or more trucks that will be moving back and forth daily. To accommodate the activity, the Alabama Department of Transportation is moving forward on a $33.4 million widening of I-10 from Carol Plantation Road west toward McDonald Road, which is next to the distribution center. And as the company presses forward on its distribution center expansion, some coastal Alabama entities are hoping to see some benefits. Among them is Feeding the Gulf Coast, formerly the Bay Area Food Bank, which relies heavily on Wal-Mart contributions. The company provided $189,894 to Feeding the Gulf Coast last year, which was the largest contribution that Wal-Mart made to a food bank in Alabama. Feeding the Gulf Coast is part of the Feeding America community, which is heavily supported by the company. In fiscal year 2014, Wal-Mart accounted for 13 percent of total fundraising revenue for Feeding America, and 14.5 percent of the total pounds of food secured for food banks around the country. "We literally could not survive without the contributions of Wal-Mart and our other retail partners," said Cathy Pope, president & CEO of Feeding the Gulf Coast, calling Wal-Mart "a committed partner" in battling hunger relief. "They regularly donate time, food and funds to Feeding the Gulf Coast," Pope said. "We rely on their partnership and appreciate their efforts to end local hunger." LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 4 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 16 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 18 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business Program opens chances for success for students Planning a party? Created by a chef, this app lets you easily hire staff The Latest: Turnbull says up to 4 Australians were victims How schools, trains and concerts are building up Miami’s neighborhoods Correction: Plant Explosion-Wisconsin story Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home NEWS Business Education Ed Lab Local governments Courts and crime Emergency Services Obituaries Local columnists Northwest Nation World Health News Local weather Celebrations Sponsored stories OPINION Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion columns SPORTS High School Sports College Sports Pro Sports Sports columns Walla Walla Sweets Athletes of the week Coaches' Corner Diversions Outdoors Seattle Times sports THINGS TO DO Arts Outdoors Diversions Entertainment Fundraisers Wine & Dine Events Calendar Crosswords 4th of July in the Park CLASSIFIEDS Classified ads Place a classified ad Walla Walla Business Directory Jobs Autos LIFESTYLES VISITOR GUIDE Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home NEWS Business Education Ed Lab Local governments Courts and crime Emergency Services Obituaries Local columnists Northwest Nation World Health News Local weather Celebrations Sponsored stories OPINION Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion columns SPORTS High School Sports College Sports Pro Sports Sports columns Walla Walla Sweets Athletes of the week Coaches' Corner Diversions Outdoors Seattle Times sports THINGS TO DO Arts Outdoors Diversions Entertainment Fundraisers Wine & Dine Events Calendar Crosswords 4th of July in the Park CLASSIFIEDS Classified ads Place a classified ad Walla Walla Business Directory Jobs Autos LIFESTYLES VISITOR GUIDE Close Tony Gutierrez FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) AP Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer Jun 1, 2017 (…) Local News Feed Closure set to widen, restore Whitney Road Court report - 6/4/17 Emergency Services - 6/4/17 Teachers take to streets in Walla Walla, state over funding Plant sales make green for Lincoln High drama department More Local News Send Us Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on.Get started! Send a Letter to the Editor The Union-Bulletin strives to publish every letter we receive. To send a letter, click the button below.Get started! Tony Gutierrez FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. More from this section London police report 'incident' on London Bridge What was James Comey thinking when he met with Trump? 38:10 6/2/17: White House Press Briefing The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business General News Locations Arkansas United States North America Send a Letter to the Editor The Union-Bulletin strives to publish every letter we receive. To send a letter, click the button below.Get started! Featured Events Performing Arts Live Music Theater And Film Danza Classica 2017 Sunday, June 4th, 2017 @ 3:00 pm – 4:30 pm Cordiner Hall The Dance Center of Walla Walla View details Classes Lectures Workshops And Public Meetings China Preview Night Monday, June 5th, 2017 @ 5:30 pm – 7:00 pm Courtyard by Marriott Walla Walla The magic and history of China is at your fingertips! Join the Walla Walla Valley Chamber of… View details Calendar Malt that Matters and Peas on Earth Saturday, June 10th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community Parking Lot Wheat has been the agricultural king in the Blue Mountain country as long as the land has be… View details Calendar Food Trucks and Jamboree! Saturday, June 10th, 2017 @ 12:00 pm – 4:00 pm Milton Freewater Senior Center FOOD TRUCKS! Plus Country Music Jamboree. View details Calendar Arts Portal Gallery Artist's Reception for June Saturday, June 10th, 2017 @ 2:00 pm – 4:00 pm Arts Portal Gallery   View details Calendar Live Cinema: "Julius Caesar" - Royal Shakespeare Company Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 @ 6:00 pm – 9:00 pm Gesa Power House Theatre Gesa Power House Theatre will screen the current Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Ju… View details Calendar Jordan World Circus 2017 Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 @ 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm Walla Walla County Fairgrounds "EARLY BIRD DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE NOW" View details Calendar Hunks: The Show Friday, June 16th, 2017 @ 8:00 pm – 10:00 pm Gesa Power House Theatre The world’s foremost all male revue, “Hunks: The Show” will make a tour stop at Gesa Power H… View details Calendar Nature Kids: Childrens' Environmental Fair Tuesday, June 20th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 5:00 pm Walla Walla Public Library Hey kids! Hurry down to the City Library on Tuesday, June 20 for the start of a two-day natu… View details Calendar Nature Kids: Childrens' Environmental Fair Wednesday, June 21st, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 5:00 pm Walla Walla Public Library Hey kids! Hurry down to the City Library on Tuesday, June 20 for the start of a two-day natu… View details Calendar Botanical Painting with Jean Ann Mitchell Saturday, June 24th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 2:00 pm First Christian Church In this workshop, Jean Ann Mitchell will share her watercolor talents to teach painting of n… View details Calendar Sustainable Vineyards Saturday, June 24th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community College Parking Lot Vinea Vineyards is a network of winegrowers united by environmentally friendly and socially … View details Calendar What Lies Beneath? Saturday, July 1st, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 2:00 pm Walla Walla Community College Parking Lot Flowing right beneath our feet in the downtown Walla Walla, Mill Creek runs quietly through … View details Fundraisers Business Classic Golf Tournament Thursday, July 13th, 2017 — all day Wine Valley Golf Club It's that time again to tee up for the 2017 Business Classic Golf Tournament presented by Co… View details Calendar Into the Watershed Saturday, July 29th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community College Parking Lot Walla Walla draws its water from Mill Creek through a diversion dam, high in the Blue Mounta… View details Click here to post or promote your event Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Breaking News Updates Sign up to this list to receive updates on breaking stories such as emergency road closures, major local news, local weather alerts and the like. Today's headlines from the Union-Bulletin Sign up for this list to receive our top news, sports, opinions and features headlines by email. Emails arrive around 1 p.m. Monday through Friday and early Sunday. Sign up Manage your lists View all jobs Local social feed Local social feed Sections Home News Opinion Sports Things to do Photos/Video Obituaries Lifestyles Family Forum Services Help Search Subscription services Carrier services District Manager services Subscriber change of address Mail subscriptions Email newsletters Send us your news Historical archives Purchase a full-page .pdf Contact Us Contact Information Union-Bulletin.com 112 S. First Ave Walla Walla, WA 99362 Phone: 509-525-3301 Email: websupport@wwub.com © Copyright 2017 Union Bulletin, 112 S. First Ave Walla Walla, WA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free doughnuts for National Donut Day; free movies; storm supply savings during tax holiday Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Krisy Kreme Dunkin' Donuts and others. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! It's National Donut Day and you can celebrate the holey holiday with free doughnuts at Dunkin' Donuts, Krispy Kreme and other spots. Also, we've entered hurricane season, and it's predicted to be a busy one with five to nine named storms. Prepare and save on storm supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday through Sunday. Also, school's out and summer fun's in. Check my list of 50 free and cheap things to do, from free movies to spa treatments to museum visits. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Free doughnuts for National Donut Day on Friday Free $10 movie tickets with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free tax on eligible hurricane supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday, expires Sunday Free and cheap summer fun for everyone Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65+ attractions, restaurants Free $5 gift card with Target food purchase by texting MEAT to 827438 Free movie rental on Google Play from Orville Redenbacher Free entry at Flagler Museum on Monday Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers Free swim lessons for children in Broward and Palm Beach counties Free saltwater and freshwater fishing days in June Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free and discounted movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Doreen Christensen Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... (Doreen Christensen) Free custom Disney Family cling decal Free 90-day membership at BJ's Wholesale Club Free appetizer at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse; expires June 17 Free book for kids with Barnes & Noble summer reading program Free sub with purchase at Jersey Mike's; expires June 15 Free $10 gift cards with $20 purchase at Publix; expires July 31 Free 8-by-10 portrait sheet for military at JC Penney; expires July 11 Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Beauty goodies for men and women include free waxing services at European Wax Center, free Burberry fragrance samples, gifts for your birthday, beauty boxes and Sephora makeup classes.  (Doreen Christensen) Free entry for four at Frost Science Museum, Vizcaya, with library card Free waxing at European Wax Center Free $5 gift card instantly with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free samples of Breathe Right Nasal Strips Free Sawgrass Mills coupon books with hundreds in savings Free kids' meals at Chili's; expires Sunday Free ropes course for graduates with tassel at Xtreme Action Park Free month of DirecTV Now with code ROKU1MONTH; expires Aug. 31 Free samples of Starbucks K-Cups Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free samples of Nexcare bandages Free bottle of Nestea Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Free extra 3 months of Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free DC Super Hero Girls Wonder Woman Day Special Edition #1 comic book Free Atkins Quick-Start Kit and $5 off coupon Free Kind Bar for your friends Free $10 Nordstrom gift card with rewards signup; expires July 9 Free sample of TRESemme shampoo Free drinks, side items at Steak 'n Shake; expires June 11 Free movie tickets from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal The votes are in as fans of Trader Joe's picked the top products in the chain's 8th Annual Customer Choice Awards. The California-based grocery chain stocks more than 3,000 private-label brands and enjoys a cultlike following. (Doreen Christensen) Free sunglasses with Skittles purchase; expires June 27 Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers Free summer Walmart Beauty Box stuffed with products and samples Free movie ticket from General Mills cereal; expires Oct. 31 Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Schwarzkopf hair color product; expires Dec. 31 Free sample of Albolene Eye Makeup Remover Free Salonpas pain relief patches Free sample of LivRelief Pain Cream Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free Oxy On-The-Go Acne Stick rebate; expires Oct. 31 Free Red Bull Energy Drink at Walgreens; expires June 14 Free Right-Guard antiperspirant rebate; expires June 15 Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Wal-Mart Vision Centers Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Doreen Christensen We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday 20 percent off at Macy's; expires Wednesday 20 percent off at JC Penney; expires Saturday 20 percent off at  Lord & Taylor; expires Wednesday June Target Beauty Boxes for men and women for $7 20 percent off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 50 percent off at A.C. Moore; expires Saturday 40 percent off at Michaels $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Ulta Beauty; expires Saturday $20 off at HSN using Visa Checkout 40 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires Saturday Earn 125 Starbucks stars with purchase of K-Cups and bottled drinks 50 percent off two Uber rides from Chase $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires July 31 25 cents off per gallon of gas with product purchase at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires July 5 $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires June 30 $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen Christensen Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS May restaurant and retail roundup How to stop annoying robocalls 7 hacks to get free flights and avoid fees on Spirit Airlines Amazon offers free shipping with $25 purchase Target raises free shipping rate by $10 Groupon trade-in offer for Groupon Bucks Trader Joe's tops Publix in Consumer Reports grocery store survey Bust dirt and grime with DIY green cleaning products Wal-Mart offers pickup discounts with online orders How to easily save energy to lower FPL power bills Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers unlimited data plan Earn gift cards galore with Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 with the 52-Week Money Challenge Sip craft brews and wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Buca di Beppo: $15 off $30 purchase; expires June 11 Checkers: Free burger with text signup Chili's: Free kids' meals; expires Sunday Cumberland Farms: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Jersey Mike's: Free sub with purchase; expires June 15 Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: Free doughnut on Friday Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for military families; expires July 4 Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase, with email signup Quiznos: Free sub with download of Toasty Points loyalty app Red Robin: 35 percent off online orders with code YUMMM35 Steak 'n Shake: Free drinks, side items and coupons; expires June 11 T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers School's out and summer fun's in so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s omre than 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO 50 free and cheap ways to have summer sun Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Free National Parks Military Pass for military and families with ID Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami and half-off for up to 6 family members, through Friday Free entry for 4 at Frost Science Museum with Miami-Dade library card $8 films in June during Miami Film Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65 attractions, restaurants Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Unlimited trips to 4 attractions with Summer Savings Pass Unlimited visits to 5 attractions with South Florida Adventure Pass Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays-Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Doreen Christensen Step back in time to the Gilded Age and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial Palm Beach estate, for free on Monday. From noon to 5 p.m., entry fees will be waived on Founder Day, which is celebrated each year on June 5 to honor Flagler's granddaughter, Jean Flagler Matthews, who established... Step back in time to the Gilded Age and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial Palm Beach estate, for free on Monday. From noon to 5 p.m., entry fees will be waived on Founder Day, which is celebrated each year on June 5 to honor Flagler's granddaughter, Jean Flagler Matthews, who established... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Just for teachers: Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals Summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Florida resident deal: 3 days for $139 at Disney World; expires June 9 Hotel, travel discounts in 100 cities from Convention & Visitor Bureaus Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Summer savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Dunin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 81°
NJ.com Menu Home News open Politics open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Legal Notices Photos/Videos open Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate open Rentals Health Classifieds open Local Businesses open Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County open All Newspapers open Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports open Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat New Jersey Real-Time News Walmart asks employees to deliver packages on way home from work Updated on June 2, 2017 at 5:07 PM Posted on June 2, 2017 at 8:36 AM By Spencer Kent skent@njadvancemedia.com, NJ Advance Media for NJ.com Walmart is offering its employees homework in its ongoing battle with online retailers like Amazon. The nation's largest retailer announced it will begin asking employees to deliver packages on their way home after work. The company is testing the employee deliveries at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. "The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home," Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce wrote in a blog post on the company's website. It was not clear whether associates would be compensated for gas or if insurance would be covered. The company said since it already has trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup, "those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." Walmart, which has 4,700 stores across the country and more than 1 million associates, said the program is voluntary. If workers choose to sign up, however, the company said it has built in technology that would allow associates to set various preferences, like choosing how many packages they deliver and which days they're able to make deliveries after their shifts. "It's completely up to them," Lore wrote, "and they can update those preferences at any time." Walmart noted that it has a location every 10 miles for 90 percent of the U.S. population. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Lore wrote. "It's easy to see why this test could be a game-changer." Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook.   View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
147686468041 You are viewing the current article design. GO TO NEW DESIGN Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 58° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Circus Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Father's Day Beaches Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Walmart workers make deliveries on their way home in pilot program Updated June 2, 2017 7:43 AM By The Associated Press Reprints + - People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas on Aug. 26, 2016. Photo Credit: AP advertisement | advertise on newsday BENTONVILLE, Ark. - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. Most Popular Toyota trying to create 'flying car' for 2020 Olympics Fix to LI firm’s packaging issue was in the bag Iconic LI companies live on in their descendants Tax refunds averaged $994: NY Tax Department Don’t be tempted by credit card cash advances The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. advertisement | advertise on newsday "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. Tweets from https://twitter.com/NewsdayBiz/lists/newsday-biz-staff The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. advertisement | advertise on newsday Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Dara Goodman promoted at Russell Friedman Law Group The most beautiful views from outer space Fix to LI firm’s packaging issue was in the bag Like it? Share it! By using this site, you agree to our Privacy policy. OK Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Circus Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Father's Day Beaches Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
MON, JUN 05, 2017 | 13 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago Twelve arrested in London’s night of terror; Islamic State claims attack that killed 7 British police arrested a dozen people Sunday in a widening terrorism... Latest News SEE MORE Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Christie nearing settlement in nurse’s Ebola quarantine Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown Jun 02, 2017 Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday United Steelworkers Local 1005 members weigh in on restructuring plan for... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Panelists announced for LRT seminar LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 45 minutes ago Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Louisville holds off Xavier 8-7 to win regional championship Baseball Capsules Davidson ousts UNC, wins regional in 1st NCAA Tournament Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Art Gallery of Burlington features mid-century Canadian kitchen pottery Exhibition focuses on an especially creative period in Canadian functional... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Wonder Woman conquers milestone with $100.5-million debut Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on ‘Real Time’ Harry Styles asked to be brand ambassador for SheWee Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment Jun 02, 2017 2017 Kia Optima earns highest safety marks from IIHS The 2017 Kia Optima has earned an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ award. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Burlington CNC manufacturer celebrates 6,000th router table sale 'Ribbon of Asphalt' irresistible for drivers, cyclists, runners Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 4 hours ago The Big Dig at the Gage Park Tropical Greenhouse They started lining up at 7 a.m. with their tubs, pots, blue boxes and... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE A baby girl. A baffling disease. And the only way to help her is to hurt her Teach your kids about Ramadan with these books At 75, Dale Chihuly discusses struggles with mental health Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Bennett Signs Inc. Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition Home News Business Walmart expects ‘Flashlight Sneakers' to run off... | Jun 02, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart expects ‘Flashlight Sneakers' to run off shelves Summer selling frenzy includes bacon-shaped pool floats, instant tent Walmart shoes Courtesy of Walmart Walmart plans to sell $25 million worth of Flashlights sneakers this year. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Abha Bhattarai   FAYETTEVILLE, ARK. — These, say Walmart executives, could be the year's biggest sensation: high-top sneakers with light-up soles. Yes, says Steve Bratspies, Walmart's chief merchandizing officer, stomping on stage in his black Flashlight Sneakers, you heard right: the world's largest retailer is expecting to sell $25 million worth of the sneakers this year. At $19.97 US a pop, that's 1.25 million pairs of shoes. "Like these sneakers?" he asks a crowd of thousands of screaming Walmart employees, two days before the company's annual shareholder meeting. "Flashlight Sneakers. These are a huge trend we're betting on this year." It's worth noting that $25 million (all figures US) in flashing-shoe sales would be a drop in the bucket for Walmart, making up less than 0.01 per cent of the $298.4 billion in U.S. sales it reported last year.   Similar shoes at "the biggest national brands," he said, will sell for about $60 a pair. At Walmart, they'll cost about one-third of that. "We beat on price, don't we?" he said. "Every day, we beat on price." Then he rattled off more of the company's biggest selling points: "Sales are up. Traffic is up. Momentum is ours." Turning to the employees, he said: "Your job is to create energy and excitement behind every apple, every bicycle, every pair of pyjamas, every light bulb, every single thing you sell in our stores." Other offerings include an "instant-cabin tent" that can be set up in about one minute. It comes with LED lights and a screen porch. And pool floats shaped like bacon.   But when employees tried to set the tent up, it took well over a minute, before Bratspies said, "I think it's broken, actually. We've got a problem. Trust me, it's really good."       Another highlight is a cooler that holds ice up to five days, gallons of glue that sell for $12.88 (of which Walmart plans to sell seven million units), cupcakes and emoji smileys. "These things are fun and already flying off shelves," Bratspies said as the crowd cheered. "We've got ducks, swans. All at a really great Walmart price." Washington Post | Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Two Hamilton residents among three charged in Peace Bridge drug bust Hamilton firefighters battle two blazes, including one at former Embassy nightclub ‘I think I dated a serial killer!’ says Saskatchewan woman who knew Elizabeth Wettlaufer Police seek missing Burlington man who made alarming text messages In Your Neighbourhood Today Saving Matters: For the Budding Professional University graduation seems like it was just yesterday, but your first day at your new job is... Preventing the problems of wet basement season While most people welcome the arrival of spring, the experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton know... Who can heal your dishwasher? The Appliance Doctor can Before you junk your broken dishwasher, talk to the experts at The Appliance Doctor in Hamilton to... Destinations to enjoy and lodge at during Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations It's not every year that a country celebrates a huge milestone like turning 150 years old. To mark... Saving Matters: For the Full-Time Family Getting the kids ready for school in the morning is a full-time job, while you get ready to head to... Legal Matter: What to do if you’re hit by an uninsured driver Question: I was hit by an uninsured driver. Can I still sue the driver for compensation and my... Legal Matters: Accessibility in the workplace is a human right Employees with disabilities are protected from discrimination and harassment in Ontario. Despite... Natural healing through salt chamber halotherapy and far infrared sauna Two age-old yet innovative treatments to boost and reinvigorate health and energy are available to... Legal Matters: In family law, everyone can benefit from positive communication Question: My divorce lawyer was joking and friendly with my ex’s lawyer at family court. Should I... Stock up on groceries for less without ever leaving your car Finding healthy and affordable food on the fly is becoming a big challenge for families these days.... How much of your investment returns do you really keep? How much of your investment returns do you really keep? Here's why every investor needs to know... Legal Matters: Backyard pool safety Question: I am planning on installing a pool in my fenced backyard. What steps can I take to... Say hello to our ‘bowel buddies’: The friendly bacteria in our digestive tracts Elemental Therapies in the Stoney Creek region of Hamilton specializes in helping people attain... OBSS Ortho-Shape Back: Jack's success story For an individual who relies entirely on a wheelchair for mobility, anything that increases comfort... Real estate agents help manage your expectations Judy Marsales Realty is a preferred choice for buying or selling real estate across... Top 6 Things Clients Ask About Our ETFs It’s been shown that the smartest way to maximize wealth in the long term is to invest in a... Trendy Burlington gets trendy new address Burlington has been ranked as Canada’s Best Mid-Sized City, and it’s no wonder why. Residents can... Tips to create the perfect orange citrus planter With the official first day of spring behind us, gardeners and DIY enthusiasts are gearing up for a... Burlington - Moving ahead of the curve In 2016 the Ontario government released the Planning for Health, Prosperity and Growth in the... Health of the colon and colon hydrotherapy A healthy colon is so important to our health, explains health and wellness clinic Elemental... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Five things to watch for in Canadian business Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Morneau to meet with US counterpart next week Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies. Continued browsing of this site implies consent for the use of these cookies. Find out more here >> Post & Parcel powered by Triangle. Home In Depth Events Directory About Companies E-commerce Environment Human Resources Innovation Regulation Retail Technology RSS Post & Parcel > News > Companies > Walmart trialing “Associate Delivery” service Log-in Register News Walmart trialing “Associate Delivery” service Friday, June 2nd, 2017 Walmart has come up with a new idea for getting online orders delivered to customers’ doors. The US retail giant is trialing a new service that uses its “greatest assets” – its associates (or workers) – to drop off parcels and goods on their drive back home. In a notice posted on the company blog yesterday (1 June), Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart US eCommerce, said: “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home.” Lore was quick to offer reassurances that it is voluntary scheme. “Associates are fully in control of their experience,” said Lore. “If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences. “Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time. “We also allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery.” Walmart is “starting small” with two test stores in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas and Lore said that the “response from associates and customers has been great”. Lore added: “Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages. Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home.” While the trial may be small-scale at the moment, Lore argued that the scheme could make a real impact if were extended nationally. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates,” said Lore. “Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.” Source: Walmart Tags: Americas, infrastructure, Innovation, Parcel Print Send to friend Bookmark Save Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Related Articles SF Express and Cainiao clash Fast planes to China New DHL Parcel sorting centre in Amsterdam UPS announces plans for new Arizona hub DHL Express partnering with Golden Globe Race sailor Most popular Latest comments what3words helps Quiqees.go.quicker McDonald’s expanding delivery coverage in US Walmart files patent for a delivery system that uses drones, lockers and blockchain Pos Malaysia promoting EziBox service FedEx launches self-service lockers in Hong Kong Retailers losing out by calling time too early on Christmas deliveries UPS UK to hire 1,300 for holiday season Zyllem reportedly set to discontinue Singapore delivery operations Parcels delivered by taxi USPS set to trial experimental e-commerce product New Directory Members Direct Link Worldwide Ltd Direct Link specialises in international cross border distribution and returns of e-commerce packages worldwide. Parent company PostNord (the merged Swedish and Danish Post Offices) supports Direct Link with IT expertise, postal connections and international logistics solutions, across the Nordic countries and intercontinentally. Sign-up Post & Parcel Newsletters (Help)  Daily newsletter  Weekly newsletter Subscribe free Latest Issue Subscribe now About Post & Parcel Post & Parcel is your key to the global mail and express industry. Every week Post & Parcel features the latest news, analysis of trends, insightful viewpoints, and exclusive interviews with leading industry experts. Find out more Advertise with us We provide brands with an exciting range of advertising opportunities to reach the influential Post & Parcel audience. With campaigns suitable for every budget you can achieve your marketing objectives with Post & Parcel. Find out more powered by Triangle. Copyright © 2017 Contact Us | Feedback | Submit press release | Terms & conditions | Privacy | Q&A
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Newsletter Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos × Search News Walmart employees will now deliver online orders to customers’ homes By Yvette Caslin  |  June 2, 2017 4:48 AM EST  |  1 Orlando, Florida – December 18, 2016: Signage of Walmart in front of the store. (Photo Credit: Lester Balajadia) Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, with 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees, is testing an “associate delivery” program for its ship-to-home orders. It’s a move to make them more competitive, especially with its biggest online competitor: Amazon. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website, “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way.” It’s up to the employees if they wish to participate and they will be compensated for the additional work. Walmart offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman says participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records. They will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are open to deliver. The software is so intuitive, it factors in the collective distance workers need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Lore commented that employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine.” The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Woman locks kids in the trunk to go shopping, police say Why you should call the manager if you see this racist woman at Walmart   Director Antoine Fuqua to shine Oscar night with Walmart ‘receipt’ short film Backpage reluctantly takes action after being tied to sex trafficking Yvette Caslin I'm a writer, image architect & significance marketer. Love photojournalism, creative expression & originality. Follow @sistarazzi AND THEN THERE WAS ONE!!🔥 That’s a really good idea 💡. Wal-Mart trying to cover all angles!!! Most Talked About Woman charged in beating death of alleged front lawn masturbator 13 Why rape in Atlanta doubled after change in definition of the crime 11 Featured Video Major sings his hit song in Chicago 2 days ago Featured Photos Best images from the 10th annual Roots Picnic in Philly 19 hours ago   Toledo pastor’s bloody death recorded on Facebook Live 2 Walmart employees will now deliver online orders to customers’ homes 1 Trump abandons yet another Obama-era agreement 1 NYC cop who shot mentally ill Black woman charged with murder 2 Family of mentally ill Milwaukee man gunned down by police is awarded $2.3M 2 City stops Airbnb rental for Black man living in Atlanta mansion 6 Accused Portland killer shows no remorse in court Why rape in Atlanta doubled after change in definition of the crime 11 Cleveland cop who shot Tamir Rice has been fired 9 Infant’s casket found floating in dirty puddle in Memphis 9 days after funeral 5 Trial starts for scared Minnesota cop who killed Philando Castile 2 Life sentence of DC Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo overturned 3 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National How Walmart Is Speeding Up Its Delivery Processes To Compete With Amazon By Ishani Roy @royishani_roy On 06/02/17 AT 6:39 AM Close In a move to match up to the Amazon's convenient options for web purchases, Walmart announced Thursday it will allow store employees to opt for a delivery service program in which they would drop packages at customers' homes while going back home, reports said. Walmart executives pointed out the idea behind this move was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries. When the multinational retail giant's employees drive to customers' homes, the most expensive part of the fulfillment process would be taken care of, the Washington Post reported. Read: How Is Amazon Making A Strong Move Toward FMCG Sector?  Both Walmart and Amazon are competing for speeding up their delivery systems for online orders in the country. Walmart's announcement comes amid the retailer doubling down on online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter this year. The largest retailer in the U.S. has worked towards increasing its online share in the country in 2016.  According to the Walmart website, it inked a $3.3 billion to acquire Jet.com — an e-commerce company headquartered in Hoboken, New Jersey — last year. The company took this aggressive step to compete with Amazon, which accounts for about 33 percent of U.S. online sales, the Post reported. Around 90 percent of the U.S. population reside within 10 miles of a Walmart and the retail giant is probably using these locations as shipping hubs to challenge Amazon's online delivery services. By utilizing their own workforce and their vehicles, Walmart could create a vast network with lesser upfront cost, similar to how Uber created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars last year, Bloomberg reported. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," said Marc Lore, who took over Walmart's e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com. Lore added: "This test could be a game-changer." He also said the move could curtail delivery times as many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees. Apart from speeding up delivery procedures, the new program is also reportedly seen as a way for employees to earn extra income, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Reports said citing Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala that Walmart employees can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. The employees can also set size and weight limits on delivery packages. However, if there are not enough employees to make a delivery, carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. Meanwhile, the Seattle-based Amazon has also taken steps in recent months to speed up delivery. Last year, it reportedly unveiled its first branded cargo plane that would take more control of its delivery process. It was one of 40 aircrafts the company planned to lease. It has also created an on-demand network of drivers — Amazon Flex — similar to Uber  or Lyft. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories eBay Takes on Amazon And Walmart With Three-Day Guaranteed Delivery Walmart Gets Rid of Amazon Prime Rival ShippingPass, Offers Two-Day Shipping Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology How Can We Stop Cancer Cells From Spreading? Researchers studying events that promote metastasis found it may be attributed to a new biochemical signaling process. World Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral The tornado in Alberta, Canada, resulted in damage to property but caused no causalities. Alberta generally experiences about 15 tornadoes every year, typically between the months of April and September. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Walmart Is Training Its Employees Using VR By Tyler Lee on 06/02/2017 01:50 PDT Virtual reality technology is great for playing games, watching movies, and exploring places that would otherwise be hard to explore in person. Now it seems like VR can also be used as an employee training tool, or at least that’s what the folks at Walmart are doing in using VR to help train their employees. When it comes to employee training, there’s only so much theoretical knowledge that a company can pass down to its employees, and the rest will boil down to real practical experience. By using VR to train their employees, what Walmart is doing is simulating certain situations and then ask employees to make choices based on that. The VR curriculum is produced by Strivr and will be deployed at Walmart’s 200 “Walmart Academy” training centers across the country, with plans to fully deploy them by the end of the year. There is also hope that if successful, it could be expanded to stores and not just the academies. Some example situations that employees will face include dealing with spills or the Black Friday rush. According to Strivr CEO Derek Belch, “We’re using computer vision to map scenes, so we literally know exactly where someone’s looking. If they don’t look at [the right place] and press the button indicating that they have seen the stimuli that we’re looking for, we know.” Filed in General. Read more about Virtual Reality (VR). Related Articles 2017-06-01 Samsung's New VR Display Has 3.5x More Pixels Than Oculus Rift 2017-05-29 Samsung’s Gear VR Gains New Partners In UFC, X-Games, Live Nation 2017-05-29 Garmin Virb 360 Camera Announced 2017-05-25 Oculus Rift-Exclusive Superhot VR Released For HTC Vive 2017-05-25 New HTC VR Headset For U11 Launched Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Sunday, June 4, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Sports Pole Pedal Paddle High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Business Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Church Directory Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Erik Lukens columns Janet Stevens columns Submission Policies Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Slideshows Obits MORE Jobs Nation Science/Tech Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Submit a photo Offers & Promotions Home Local/State Sports Business Lifestyle Entertainment Slideshows Obits Jobs Science/Tech Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Submit a photo Pole Pedal Paddle Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Executive File Breweries Marijuana Home Business Wal-Mart workers powering deliveries on their drive home print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 3091634 false Employees process outgoing packages at a Jet.com warehouse in Swedesboro, N.J., Dec. 3, 2015. Walmart, which just reported a 63 percent increase in online sales in the first quarter of 2017, bought the bulk e-commerce retailer Jet.com in 2016 as part of a plan to offer more products through the web. (Cole Wilson/The New York Times) Click here to enlarge image Wal-Mart workers powering deliveries on their drive home By Abha Bhattarai / The Washington Post Published Jun 2, 2017 at 12:02AM BENTONVILLE, ARK. — Wal-Mart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Wal-Mart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most-expensive part of the fulfillment process. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Wal-Mart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details about how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Labor experts say the arrangement, a mash-up of sorts between an Uber-style gig economy and traditional employment arrangements, raises a number of questions related to employees having to shoulder much of the risk, cost and liability associated with deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” said Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Earlier this year, Wal-Mart — which last year reported $485.9 billion in revenue — said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers, but activist groups say many employees are struggling to make ends meet. “Instead of Wal-Mart paying its workers what they deserve for their work, Wal-Mart is merely offering to pay more — for more work,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Wal-Mart, a campaign run by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union. “To say this is a voluntary program is like throwing a life preserver to someone drowning in a lake,” he added. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more.” 17387936 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business Boneyard at work on new pub 06/01/2017 A new pub for Boneyard Beer is inching closer to reality at ... more Bend businessman sentenced to jail 02/11/2016 A Deschutes County Circuit Court judge Thursday sentenced a Bend businessman to ... more Business blossomed for Bend pot entrepreneur 05/26/2017 Of the 20 retail marijuana shops licensed in Bend, two belong to ... more Montana bank acquires Bank of the Cascades 05/30/2017 It’s official: Bend-based Bank of the Cascades is owned by First Interstate ... more Bend developers opting for smaller subdivisions 06/04/2017 The forthcoming Eastridge subdivision in Bend seems like a safe bet to ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact us Staff directory Advertise with us Frequently asked questions Privacy policy Terms of use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New subscription Vacation hold Back copies Subscription rates General account help Share because you care Newspapers in Education Our partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick links Digital newsstand Special publications and event guides Restaurant guide Obituaries Milestones Movie listings ODOT web cams Comments Submit a news tip Submit an event Submit a worship service Oregon lottery TV listings Parade Magazine Photos Submit photos View slideshows Purchase photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Walmart Is Accused of Punishing Workers for Sick Days The New York Times By RACHEL ABRAMS 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How an American retail icon got close to the edge of collapse Diners are finding $13 burgers hard to swallow © Kristian Thacker for The New York Times Katie Orzehowski said Walmart did not accept doctors’ notes and hospitalization records to excuse her missed shifts during a pregnancy that ended in a miscarriage. A report expected to be released Thursday by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalizes workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 79.62 -0.19 -0.24% New York Times Co NYT ▼ 17.60 -0.05 -0.28% The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. Sign Up for the Morning Briefing Newsletter.  “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that prepared the report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.”© Joe Raedle/Getty Images A workers’ group said Walmart routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalizes workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. Katie Orzehowski says her miscarriage last fall almost cost her a job. A cashier at the Walmart in North Huntingdon, Pa., Ms. Orzehowski said she tried to use doctors’ notes and hospitalization records to excuse her missed shifts, to no avail. Worried that another absence would get her fired, she went back to work. Load Error “I still had a lot of bleeding going on, and that’s embarrassing,” Ms. Orzehowski, 26, said. Her account is one of dozens included in the report, which clashes with the company’s recent efforts to project a more worker-friendly image. Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organized labor. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed skepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees. Around the same time that Walmart lifted wages, it cut merit raises and introduced a training program that could keep hourly pay at $9 an hour for up to 18 months. In November, A Better Balance filed a complaint with the employment commission on behalf of Arleja Stevens, a Walmart employee who said she was fired after missing too many shifts because of complications from her pregnancy. In that filing, the group accused Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act. The employment commission is investigating the accusation, Ms. Bakst said. Mr. Hargrove said the company disagreed with Ms. Stevens’s claims. A Better Balance also participated in a separate lawsuit last month alleging that Walmart discriminated against pregnant employees The company has disputed the claims of the two women at the center of the suit. A Better Balance wrote the survey questions used for Thursday’s report. The questions asked employees whether they believed that Walmart had a problem of regularly punishing people for absences relating to an illness or disability, and about how the company treated absences. The group worked with the labor group OUR Walmart, which promoted the survey to workers who listed Walmart as their employer on Facebook, according to Andrea Dehlendorf, a director of OUR Walmart. “Although this system is supposed to be ‘neutral’ and punish all absences equally, along the lines of a ‘three-strikes-and-you’re-out’ policy, in reality, such a system is brutally unfair,” the report says of Walmart’s absence-control policy. “It punishes workers for things they cannot control and disproportionately harms the most vulnerable workers.” Walmart assigns disciplinary points for unexcused absences and other infractions. Nine points in a six-month period can result in an employee’s being fired, according to a copy of the company’s absence policy reviewed by The New York Times. New employees may be fired for accruing four points in their first six months. While Walmart has written guidelines for how managers and supervisors should respond to employees who need help because of medical issues, those policies are not always followed, according to the report. “They just straight up tell you, ‘We don’t accept excuses,’” said Ms. Orzehowski, who still works for the company. In a follow-up email, Mr. Hargrove said that the company did “not have any information that would support that Ms. Orzehowski advised us of a medical reason for her absences.” “If that were the case, she could have used those medical records to apply for a leave or accommodation,” he said. The Americans with Disabilities Act requires businesses with 15 or more employees to make reasonable accommodations for disabled workers. In 2008, the definition of a disabled worker was expanded, to include temporary medical conditions like complications relating to a pregnancy. The Family and Medical Leave Act protects eligible workers — those who have been employed for 12 months at a company with 50 or more employees — who need to take time off to care for themselves or a family member. Under the A.D.A., employers must work with employees to determine if workers are eligible for such accommodations. Dismissing doctors’ notes or otherwise refusing to consider the reason for a worker’s absence could potentially be “skirting the analysis” in which employers are required to engage, according to Michelle Caiola, the director of litigation for Disability Rights Advocates, a nonprofit group, and a former senior trial lawyer for the E.E.O.C., which enforces federal worker protections. “A company as big as Walmart, it’s surprising that they don’t have the appropriate training for the personnel that would be overseeing these sorts of leaves,” Ms. Caiola said. Mr. Hargrove said that the company had worked with “countless” employees to successfully authorize their absences from work. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The New York Times Gaza Dating Site Matches Widows to Men Seeking 2nd (or 3rd) Wife The New York Times ‘Soft Power’ of a Russian Bank Comes to Light in U.S. Inquiry The New York Times Trump, Who Pledged to Overhaul Nuclear Arsenal, Now Faces Increased Costs The New York Times The New York Times View the Full Site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Westpac Banking Corp (WBK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research PolyOne Co. (POL) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.66 Per Share Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wells Fargo & Co restated their neutral rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) in a research report sent to investors on Monday. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Cowen and Company reiterated an outperform rating and set a $83.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a sell rating and set a $67.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores from $86.00 to $88.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They set a positive rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $78.41. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 79.81 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $76.23 and its 200 day moving average is $71.38. The stock has a market cap of $242.22 billion, a PE ratio of 18.12 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.81. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-rating-reiterated-by-wells-fargo-co.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, insider Jacqueline P. Canney sold 1,322 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.75, for a total transaction of $104,107.50. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 23,854 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,878,502.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider David Chojnowski sold 5,142 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.36, for a total transaction of $408,069.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock worth $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares in the last quarter. Dodge & Cox purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,503,922,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at about $274,739,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $262,122,000. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $237,230,000. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:13 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orders on their way home By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published June 2, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. PHOTO BY BEN GOFF Wal-Mart’s pilot program using its own employees to deliver packages to customers was discussed Thursday by Wal-Mart U.S. President and CEO Greg Foran (from left), Jane Ewing, senior vice president for digital acceleration, and Marc Lore, president and CEO of e-commerce. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is testing a new delivery service that uses its own employees to drop off packages to customers for extra pay at the end of their store shifts. The pilot program, which was introduced Thursday as part of the retailer's shareholders week, continues Wal-Mart's efforts to take advantage of its size and scale to gain an edge against retail competitors such as Amazon.com. Company officials said the delivery service, which began a month ago and is voluntary for employees, is being tested at one unspecified Northwest Arkansas store and two New Jersey locations. Employees who have volunteered to participate in the program are armed with a mobile application, which was built by the company and designates where they're heading after their work shifts end. The app then identifies Walmart.com and Jet.com packages that can be delivered along the route. Wal-Mart said employees can choose which days they want to deliver items, the number of packages they want to drop off and the size of the items they'll take with them. "You can imagine hundreds of associates who live all around in different neighborhoods around the Wal-Mart," said Marc Lore, who is the company's U.S. e-commerce chief. "We take the packages and say, 'OK, this associate lives over here and they're going to drive this way all along the route.' So the distance is pretty short that they need to go off their commute." Wal-Mart declined to specify how much employees will be compensated for delivering packages, but a spokesman said the company is complying with minimum wage and overtime laws. [EMAIL UPDATES: Get free breaking news alerts, daily newsletters with top headlines delivered to your inbox] Officials believe the service will speed up the delivery time on items and help cut costs by utilizing its 4,700 stores and 1.5 million employees. The company said 90 percent of the country's population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. So far, the retailer said it has delivered hundreds of items as part of the three-store test the past month, and many of those have been dropped off at doorsteps within a day of being ordered. "You can imagine the future possibilities once this network is built out," Lore said, projecting that a successful pilot program could lead to an expansion of services to areas like fresh groceries or same-day delivery. The e-commerce initiative is the latest to be introduced since Lore joined the company as part of Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com last August. Wal-Mart previously announced plans to offer free two-day shipping on orders of at least $35 earlier this year. The company has recently started offering discounts to customers on products they order online and pick up in stores. The initiatives helped Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales increase 63 percent in the first quarter of the fiscal year. Annibal Sodero, an associate professor at the University of Arkansas' Sam M. Walton College of Business, said searching for solutions to curb last-mile delivery costs aren't new for the company. Wal-Mart has experimented with different options the past few years, according to Sodero. Wal-Mart announced during last year's shareholders meeting that it was partnering with ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft on grocery deliveries as part of a pilot program. The grocery delivery tests are ongoing, according to a Wal-Mart spokesman. "The key here is the final mile delivery cost," Sodero said. "Final mile delivery in e-commerce may account to up to 30 percent of the total logistics costs, being by far the largest component of the total logistics costs. This is just another attempt of Wal-Mart at lowering those costs." Wal-Mart also said it is taking precautionary actions to ensure its employees are vetted before delivering packages to customers. Those who volunteer for the program must submit to a background check and must have a clean driving record. Customers won't know when they order an item whether an employee will be delivering the product or one of the retailer's other last-mile partners like UPS or FedEx. Employees will wear their Wal-Mart vests when delivering to a home and will ask for a signature if the customer answers the door. If not, the package will be left on the doorstep. Carol Spieckerman, a retail consultant and president of Spieckerman Retail, said training will be important for those employees because they'll serve as the "face" of the company with customers who may not regularly shop at Wal-Mart stores. "This marks yet another way that Wal-Mart is creatively leveraging its physical scale, both in terms of store locations and their proximity to consumers, and Wal-Mart's army of associates," Spieckerman said. "It makes nothing but sense as Wal-Mart will be using existing associates already on its payroll, providing an incremental income for associates who opt into the program and a bit of an insurance policy for Wal-Mart in terms of security. Existing employees will have an incentive to keep things on the up and up and to work efficiently in order to stay in good standing." Business on 06/02/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart workers go extra mile; In test, employees deliver online orders on their way home Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Wal-Mart pilot programs tracks food PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Ma... U.S. employers add 138,000 jobs; rate dips to... Survey: Jobs up 253,000 in May In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orde... Auto sales fall for 5th straight month For lumber firms hit by U.S. tax, Canada offe... Cuban entrepreneurs form group Buyers of funds seeing fees fall More Business stories > Comments on: In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orders on their way home To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 NRG Yield, Inc. Class C (NYLD) Receives $20.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives $171.70 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) PT at $20.25 BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC Has $456,000 Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Greenwoods Asset Management Ltd Invests $4.06 Million in ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Yanzhou Coal Mining Co Ltd (YZC) Position Maintained by Segantii Capital Management Ltd Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Shares Bought by Symphony Asset Management LLC Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Sells 17,728 Shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) Stake Held by Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd Has $204,000 Position in Xylem Inc (XYL) Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA Boosts Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Alleghany Co. (Y) Stake Boosted by State of Wisconsin Investment Board Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JFS Wealth Advisors LLC continued to hold its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 12,502 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $864,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of WMT. Fred Alger Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the period. Payden & Rygel boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the period. Sigma Planning Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,251,918 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $224,773,000 after buying an additional 35,845 shares during the period. Finally, Cohen Lawrence B boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cohen Lawrence B now owns 6,050 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $436,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) traded up 1.54% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $79.81. 8,153,099 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $242.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.12 and a beta of 0.09. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $76.23 and a 200-day moving average of $71.38. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.81. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. Analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stake-held-by-jfs-wealth-advisors-llc.html. WMT has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, March 27th. KeyCorp reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sell” rating and set a $67.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.31. In related news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 2,576,324 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.65, for a total transaction of $202,627,882.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $530,775,817. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock valued at $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
71.0° Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Photos and Lists Today's Ads Video News Video Live Video Photo Store Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Nation & World Walmart testing delivery of online orders by store employees By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics WriterJune 1, 2017 BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) – In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Related Links Rock Falls Rotary Club news More than 200 attend survivor dinner Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire Taking a page from their ‘Wish Book’ Walmart testing delivery of online orders by store employees Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Donald Trump has been president for about 100 days. How would you rate his performance so far? Excellent Good Average Fair Poor Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 9:00 am Thompson, McCorory, Francis out of Racers' Grand Prix 7:15 pm Analyst group: IS claims London attack 6:00 pm $35m for road repairs in St Thomas 6:00 pm Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears 4:45 pm Prolific Chase gets one-day call to face Afghans 4:30 pm New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries Thursday, June 01, 2017 Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Want something from Wal-Mart? Employees may soon bring it right to your doorstep.The company said Thursday it was testing a program under which store employees will deliver goods to consumers on their way home, as it competes for business with Amazon and other online retailers. Wal-Mart said the program, launched in three test stores in the United States with an eye towards broader use, would be voluntary for employees, who would earn extra money for packages delivered. "Associates are fully in control of their experience," said Wal-Mart US eCommerce chief executive Marc Lore in a blog post. "If they don't want to participate, they don't have to." "Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they're able to make deliveries after work – it's completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time." Lore described the initiative as a potential "game-changer" because the chain's vast scale could enable it to make deliveries more quickly to consumers. Wal-Mart, the world's biggest retailer, has 4,700 stores across the country, with its stores within 10 miles (16 kilometres) of 90 per cent of the US population. The initiative will begin at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. The programs comes as Wal-Mart continues to beef up its e-commerce business, which is still small compared with market leader Amazon, which accounts for about 43 per cent of US online sales, according to consultancy Slice Intelligence. But Wal-Mart has invested heavily in e-commerce in recent years. E-commerce sales surged 63 per cent and merchandise volume saw a 69 per cent jump in the first quarter. However, company officials say e-commerce is still a relatively small part of overall sales. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Thompson, McCorory, Francis out of Racers' Grand Prix Analyst group: IS claims London attack $35m for road repairs in St Thomas Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears Prolific Chase gets one-day call to face Afghans $2-m ganja bust in St Thomas, St Elizabeth US Coast Guard makes multi-million dollar drug haul, nabs three Dom Rep nationals East Kingston police list three men as wanted Health coalition endorses WHO declaration against tobacco use Outrage as Trump targets London mayor over attacks Gov't senator proposes review of implementation procedures for int'l standards Trinidad Central Bank to eliminate one cent coin Gun with Haitian police insignia seized after men shoot at cops in Rockfort Venus out, French Open to have first-time Slam champ Statistics show INDECOM enhancing police work – Montague Jamaica stands with United Kingdom, says Holness 165lbs of cocaine found in shipments from Guyana, Suriname PNP condemns London Bridge attack Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 12 arrested after 'evil' London terror attack ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Prescott eNews  |   Chino Valley eNews  |    Prescott Valley eNews    |   eNewsAZ |   QUAD POD Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Celebration Friday: It's National Donut Day! Featured font size + – 02 June 2017   Lynne LaMaster It’s the one day of the year we all can – and should! – celebrate together: National Donut Day! Donut Day - aka, Doughnut Day - has a fascinating story behind it, which you can read below. But, first, let’s share the celebration opportunities around town. Fry’s Food Stores is starting the celebration early, offering one dozen donuts for just $2.99 on both Thursday and Friday.  Prescott Donut Factory Want to support a Mom’n’Pop store? Check out the Prescott Donut Factory on Iron Springs Road.  They are offering their delicious, homemade donuts for just $.99 each or a dozen for $9.95. In addition, if kids come in, they can enter a free drawing to win some awesome donut-y swag, including t-shirts, a mug, a backpack, socks and more.  WalMart is offering one free donut per customer on Friday, but the recommendation is to go early to get it. “We run out really quick,” the WalMart bakery lady said.  Safeway? Bah! They have no special offers, although they do have the standard donut holes for $5 per container.  Mortimer’s Donuts One more local offer to tell you about: Mortimer’s Farms.  I ate so many of these, I lost count. Now, I’ll be honest. I like donuts, but they’re not my very favorite thing ever. If I had to choose between a donut and chocolate cake, well, the cake would probably win. I’d never say I was addicted to donuts or anything like that, except…  Mortimer’s Donuts. Are. Amazing. My husband and I attended the Adult Easter Egg Hunt in April at Mortimer’s. They had a long table laid out with appetizer-type food like chips and dip, deviled eggs and more. I remember it was quite delicious, and my husband and I enjoyed ourselves immensely.  But, at the end of the table were piles of donuts. Fresh, wonderful, homemade donuts. Everything else they served was obscured by those stupendous donuts. I don’t know how many I ate, I lost count. If they had served medium rare ribeye steak and lobster next to the donuts, it wouldn’t have mattered, I would have been blinded by the sight of those round little delicacies.  Okay, so I know it takes a bit of a scenic drive to get to Mortimer’s Farm. It’s all the way out in Dewey. But, it’s so worth it. Trust me. It’s worth every mile, yes, every single mile. And no, Mortimer’s is not paying me to write this. If they did, I’d insist on being paid in donuts, just for the record. I am simply telling you the truth, these babies are addictive.  I called Mortimer’s and asked if they were celebrating Donut Day. You’re in luck, because the answer was, “Yes!”  Here’s the deal they’re offering - buy 6 donuts, get 6 free.  To be honest with you, twelve might not be enough. You should plan to purchase two dozen, especially if you have to share. But, take the drive. You’ll be glad you did.  Phoenix Metro Area Doughnut Deals If you happen to be in the Phoenix metro area, you’ve got lots of options. Dunkin’ Donuts is offering a free donut with the purchase of any beverage. Fractured Prune Doughnuts will give you a free OC Sand doughnut just for coming in, no purchase required. Krispy Kreme Doughnuts is also offering a freebie donut with no purchase required. The story behind National Doughnut Day You might be surprised to learn that National Donut Day started way back in 1938 as a fund raiser for The Salvation Army in Chicago. The idea was to help those in need during the Great Depression and also to honor the Salvation Army ‘Lassies’ in WWI who served donuts to soldiers. After sending a fact-finding team to France, the Salvation Army realized that US enlisted men could be supported by canteens/social centers called “huts”. These huts would serve baked goods, provide writing supplies and stamps and help with mending clothes. Each hut had about six staff volunteers, including women who could “mother” the boys who were so far away from home.  Unfortunately, the huts encountered difficulties in delivering the fresh baked goods, and two Salvation Army volunteers, Ensign Margaret Sheldon and Adjutant Helen Purviance came up with the idea of offering doughnuts instead, which were an instant hit. As a matter of fact, Sheldon described one of her typical days, “Today I made 22 pies, 300 doughnuts, 700 cups of coffee.”  The hut volunteers became known as “Doughnut Girls,” or “Doughnut Dollies”. Can’t get enough donuts on Donut Day? Well, no worries. This is just the beginning. June 8: International Jelly-Filled Doughnut Day September 14: National Cream-Filled Doughnut Day October 30: Buy a Doughnut Day Why the Marines Celebrate their very own Donut Day We’ll end on a humorous note. Some Marines celebrate their own National Donut Day on the same day as the Marine Corps’ Birthday. The US Naval Institute relays this story from the wife of a Vietnam POW: "In September 1969, after Orson had been a prisoner three very hard years (the early years were by far the worst) Ho Chi Minh died. Orson was at Son Tay with about 55 other men. One day in October he was called in for an interrogation… which he said was more of an “English lesson” for the interrogator as opposed to one of the beatings they received when Ho Chi Minh was calling the shots. The interrogator began by bragging about his country and its 4,000 year history and belittling the USA… saying, “Your country is very young, it doesn’t even have very many heroes or holidays.” Knowing that the Marine Corps birthday was coming up on November the 10, Orson began to spin a story……. "He pretended to take umbrage, saying… “No, no, no…. you are quite wrong… we have many holidays in our country, as a matter of fact, one is coming up very soon. There will be festivals and children will dress up in costumes and it’s very important to us.” The interrogator became interested so Orson proceeded that it was called, “National Donut Day”…. "Before you can really appreciate this you need a bit of background. Before Ho Chi Minh’s death, the prisoners were practically starved to death. They were eating nothing but rice and swamp grass soup (as they call it) and sometimes pumpkin soup. Orson says they estimated that he went down to a little as 120 pounds… At shoot down he was something like 175 and 6’2”. So this is unbelievably thin. The men were hungry all the time. Very hungry. About twice a year they would get what they considered an incredible treat… it was noting more than old French bread.. that had become hard and moldy, but the cooks would deep fry it and roll it in sugar and the prisoners called the result “sticky buns” and to them it was mana from heaven…. "So when explaining National Donut Day, Orson told his interrogator that “Donuts are a lot like your sticky buns… they are sweet bread, and on National Donut Day everyone has one…. or more of them.” Not sure what the outcome might be, Orson was sent back to his cell, where he immediately started tapping through the wall to all the other POWs saying…”Hey guys, you gotta back me up. I just invented a new holiday and if they find out I was pulling their leg, there will be hell to pay — tell all the guards that National Donut Day is on November 10 — don’t let me down! Pass it on!” A few weeks went by, and to everyone’s great surprise, on November 10 the prisoners at Son Tay prison — known for being one of the worst —and also for the failed rescue attempt — were served sticky buns and — Orson was the hero of the day!" Tweet K2_TAGGED Doughnuts donuts National Donut Day Prescott Donut Factory Mortimer's Family Farm Lynne LaMaster Latest from Lynne LaMaster Cancer Death Rates Continue Overall Decline Speaker Mesnard Announces Article V Planning Committee Grand Jury Returns Indictment of 1st Degree Murder Arizona Wildfires Continue to Burn Moisture Creeps Across Northern Arizona Related items A-Mazing Corn Maze and Pumpkin Fest at Mortimers Join the 10,000+ others and subscribe to the newsletter. Get all latest news Newsletter Sign-Up! For Email Newsletters you can trust. ADVERTISING Contact Advertising What Makes US Different SUBMIT Contact Editor Submit Press Release Letter to Editor Editorial Guidelines Submit Article DIGITAL SERVICE Marketing Consulting Contact Digital Services Online Advertising Social Media Marketing Website Development Search Engine Optimization ABOUT Privacy Policy Careers & Jobs Leadership & Staff About Us All content copyright © 2007-2017 by PrescotteNews & may not be republished or reproduced without written permission. All Rights Reserved.
Share 23 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Alaska Volcano Eruption 2017: Expert Explains Why Predicting When Bogoslof Volcano Will Erupt Is Tricky News 2017-06-04 Man Dies Of Flesh-Eating Vibrio Vulnificus Bacteria After Tattoo Session News 2017-06-04 Al Gore Disappointed Over Trump’s Decision To Leave Paris Accord – ‘Thought That He Would Come To His Senses’ News 2017-06-04 Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Football 2017-06-04 Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Top ‘Overwatch’ Player Hacks To Rank: DDOS Attacks Abound Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Oregon Father’s ‘No Shame’ Toddler Leash Picture Goes Viral SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day BuzzWorthy 23 0 0 June 1, 2017 Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day Kathryn Cook The best day of the year is almost upon us and companies around the country are doing everything they can to prepare the first Friday in June, which just so happens to be known as National Donut Day. It’s by far the the sweetest holiday in existence. And while many donut giants like Krispy Kreme and Dunkin’ Donuts are giving away freebies to customers, Oreo is taking somewhat of a different approach. Since the popular cookie retailer doesn’t include a traditional donut in their lineup of sweet goodies, they decided to give consumers the best of both worlds by unveiling one of their most innovative creations to date — the Jelly Donut Oreo. That’s right, it’s like an Oreo and donut had a love child. The unique creation is comprised of two golden Oreo cookies on the outside with a custard ring and raspberry filled center on the inside, resembling the ever so popular, yet classic jelly-filled donut. But there’s one catch — according to People Magazine, you can only purchase the Jelly Oreo Donut exclusively at Walmart stores starting this weekend. And even though Walmart isn’t giving away the cookies for free, they’re pretty reasonable at just $2.98 for a pack of 36. That’s just enough Oreos to tide you over while binging on your favorite Netflix show this weekend. A post shared by OREO (@oreo) on Sep 8, 2014 at 7:35am PDT Just last year, Walmart customers were asked to take a poll to help the retailer choose which Oreo the store would carry in 2017. The three choices included Cookies & Cream, Caramel Apple, and of course, the Jelly Donut Oreo. Believe it or not, the Cookies & Cream Oreo won the competition but Walmart decided to release the second place Jelly Donut Oreo to the public anyways. Thank goodness for us. Not surprisingly, Oreo enthusiasts took to Twitter to express their excitement over Oreo’s newest release. One user referred to the newest Oreo as “lit”. “Omg check this…a jelly donut Oreo… cookies that taste like donuts…its lit now.” Another user called Oreo’s latest cookie a great pairing with milk. “How do you make Oreos an even better match with milk? Jelly Donut flavored Oreos! #OhYeah” A post shared by OREO (@oreo) on Mar 25, 2016 at 7:12am PDT Oreo is no stranger to creating out-of-the-box cookies. Some of their past and present flavors include Red Velvet, Mint Creme, Lemon, Birthday Cake, Peanut Butter Cup, and Strawberry Shortcake just to name a few. And of course this Easter, the U.S. was blessed with Peep Oreos, which created a buzz for unique reasons. Many people claimed on social media that the bright pink filling in the Peep Oreos was turning their stools pink. That’s right, it goes in like an Oreo and comes out like a dyed pastel egg. Needless to say, the jokes on Twitter were highly entertaining. “My roommate ate a whole pack of oreo Peeps and left a pink stain in the toilet.” Other users claimed that the Oreo also dyed their tongues pink, making it very hard to remove the stain while brushing. “I tried Peep flavored Oreos yesterday. I’ve now brushed my teeth and tongue 6 times and they’re still pink. Is this just my life now?” But if Oreos aren’t your thing and you still want to celebrate National Donut Day, you can check our your local donut shop for sweet deals. As the Inquisitr reported before, tons of donut retailers are participating in National Donut Day including Krispy Kreme, who plans to give customers a free donut, with no other purchase required. Should you choose to go to Dunkin’ Donuts instead, they’re offering a free classic donut with the purchase of any beverage. How sweet it is to be alive at a time like this! [Featured Image by Nick Lundgren/Shutterstock] Share 23 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Kathryn Cook Tags: jelly donut oreo, nabisco, oreo, national donut day December 20, 2014 Congress Again Spends $120 Million On Abrams Tanks The Army Said It Doesn’t Want December 20, 2014 Politician Who Follows Duke University Porn Star Belle Knox Says His Twitter Was Hacked Comments LATEST HEADLINES Despite Trump, People Are Still Working Towards Saving The Planet [Opinion] Cash Freeman: Oklahoma Man Shoots And Kills Neighbor Who Was Trying To Drown Infant Twins Son Gets Life In Prison For Murdering Father, Stabbing Him 60 Times Followed By A Hammer Attack Megyn Kelly Asks Russian President Vladimir Putin, ‘Do You Have Something Damaging On Donald Trump?’ Joseline Hernandez To Launch Movie Career, Talk Show After ‘LHHATL’ Departure Blake Shelton Calls Gwen Stefani ‘The Worst Co-Host Of All Time’ WWE Extreme Rules 2017 Results Rob Kardashian: Blac Chyna Furious Over Meghan James Romance, Demands Full Custody Of Dream? Gloria Govan: Derek Fisher’s Girlfriend Had Sex With Laura Govan’s Ex-Husband, Says Basketball Wives LA Sister Misleading Media: Trump’s Approval Rating Declined Much Less Compared To Past Presidents Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.3k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.3k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6.3k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Store-to-door deliveries by Wal-Mart employees raises insurance liability question BusinessLatest News by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 3 days ago 260 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart execs were unclear on how they will – or have – resolve potential insurance liability problems in their plan to use store employees to deliver online orders from stores to a customer’s door. The Bentonville-based retailer announced Thursday (June 1) it has piloted a program in three stores – one in Northwest Arkansas and two in New Jersey – for about four weeks in which online orders at Jet.com and Walmart.com are delivered from a store to a home or business. Employees may choose the days they want to deliver, the size and weight of the packages and how many deliveries they want to make. Wal-Mart has created an algorithm that overlaps employee addresses with delivery destinations on customer orders. The company said an employee will not be asked to drive out of their way to deliver a package. Wal-Mart said it will pay employees extra for the work, and also said it will work within overtime rules. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer,” Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore noted in a statement. If the program is expanded, it could put thousands of Wal-Mart employees on the road each day making deliveries for Wal-Mart. An accident in which the employee is at fault would be just a matter of time. Marty Clark, president of BHC Insurance which has offices in Northwest Arkansas and is based in Fort Smith, said personal auto insurance policies typically have a “business use exclusion” which would force Walmart U.S. employees who participate in the program to obtain a commercial auto policy. “And that’s more expensive” for the employee, Clark noted. The issue of auto liability as it relates to performing a service is not new, Clark said, adding that Wal-Mart lawyers and execs have plenty of examples of what can go wrong. “There are a lot of problems with services like Uber that the insurance industry has struggled with. … Those problems have been very publicly documented, so I would think they (Wal-Mart) would be aware of all the pitfalls,” Clark said. He also said Wal-Mart is “very sophisticated … and may have figured out how to deal with that (liability) question, but in my view of what I know about this is that it could place a lot of liability on the driver, on that employee.” Talk Business & Politics asked Wal-Mart for details as to how liability might be handled. Following was the only response: “Eligible associates must be 18 or older, have a valid driver’s license and proof of insurance. They must also pass a background check which includes a Motor Vehicle Records (MVR) check.” In addition to potential costly liability exposure to the employee and Wal-Mart, Clark also said the retailer will need a process to ensure the employee maintains the insurance. “How do you know when that 25-year old driver forgets to pay his premiums … and doesn’t tell Wal-Mart about it, and it just cancels out in the middle of the year?” Clark explained. Clark, whose company insures pharmacies and other businesses that operate a fleet for home deliveries, suggested a better way for Wal-Mart to handle store-to-door deliveries. “It would be a much cleaner way … from an insurance angle, if Wal-Mart not only employed the driver, but with a Wal-Mart vehicle and assumed all the liability.” Comments comments Previous post Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty Next post Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget 3 hours ago Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation 8 hours ago Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 13 hours ago Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission 13 hours ago Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate 13 hours ago Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 2,129 views Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,123 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,955 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,602 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,437 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 77° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone NebHSRecruiting.com The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials Bellevue Leader Gretna Breeze Papillion Times Ralston Recorder In The Game World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join the BH Media Team Inside Business Legal & Public Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 77° Few Clouds Omaha, NE (68102) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low around 60F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 9:52 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join the BH Media Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe Home ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart is testing program that uses employees to deliver online orders as they drive home Jun 1, 2017 Updated Jun 2, 2017 (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company said. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers labor union. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional bricks-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More information Walmart's strategy to compete with Amazon: Acquiring established online retailers  like Omaha’s Hayneedle Acquiring online retailers like Omaha’s Hayneedle is part of Walmart’s strategy to compete with Amazon Amazon hits $1,000 a share for the first time, giving it a market value double that of Walmart Online sales up, but in-store struggles continue for Target Walmart touts online progress at annual shareholder meeting Tags Walmart Commerce Economics Employee Delivery Company Store Worker Ravi Jariwala Package Amazon Featured Businesses Allens Home 7808 L Street, Omaha, NE 68127 Caterpillar Vapes 4967 Dodge St, Omaha, NE 68132 402-934-9999 Brain Balance Elkhorn/Millard 17837 Pierce Plaza, Omaha, NE 68130 402-933-3541 afloat: mind + body wellness 4131 S 84th St, Omaha, NE 68127 402-991-9908 Katina's - Women's Fashion Boutique Omaha, NE Shops at Legacy 17010 Wright Plz, Omaha, NE 68130 402-334-0211 Crescent Moon Ale House | Best Beer Bar | Restaurant | Omaha 3578 Farnam St, Omaha, NE 68131 402-345-1708 In case you missed it Gordmans will face plenty of competition as it converts into an off-price retailer Millard's Lumberyard District sees dramatic transformation into space for offices, retail and apartments Omaha-based Gavilon still faces an oversupply of grain from record 2016 harvest Cabela's quietly sought sale before investor push; Jim Cabela tried to keep HQ in Sidney Future of shopping malls is more promising than you might think, industry executives say Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Annual charity auction to win lunch with Warren Buffett starts tonight — with a twist Warren Buffett's cigar butt lesson: seeing value that others miss Thousands attend tour of bright, colorful Buffett Cancer Center Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper TV Listings Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join the BH Media Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · ClimateChange · Republicans · Environment · Democrats · Resistance · GOP · Community · Russia · ParisAgreement · election · Progressives · Vote · 2018 · GOTV · Paris · Politics · TeaParty · Election2018 · HealthCare · Populists · GlobalWarming · 2018Election · Climate · VladimirPutin · 2018midterms · ParisClimateAgreement · vote2018 · Media Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign if you are outraged Trump pulled us out of the Paris climate agreement The Paris Climate deal was the most comprehensive international accord to fight climate change yet. It was signed by all but... Sign if you agree: Suspend Jared Kushner's security clearance Jared Kushner, Donald Trump's son-in-law and one of his senior advisers, is now considered a “subject of interest” by the FBI... Sign the petition: Elect the president by national popular vote Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes. But... See All 10 Campaigns » Daily Kos Labor Queue Stream Members Following Profile Walmart's new package delivery plan: Its workers can drop your order off on their way home By Laura Clawson   Thursday Jun 01, 2017 · 12:22 PM PDT 2017/06/01 · 12:22 266 Comments Share this article 135 135 135 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS Labor Recommended Walmart Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 266 Comments Share this article 135 135 135 Walmart has a totally great, in no way open to abuse, new way to compete with Amazon: it’ll just have its in-store workers deliver packages on their way home from work. “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” Management claims this is a great new thing for workers: The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. [...] The program is voluntary for Walmart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said. “This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift.” And no manager ever retaliated against a worker for not participating in a supposedly voluntary program. And we can completely believe that Walmart will make the additional pay for deliveries fair to workers. Walmart has earned our trust like that with its stellar treatment of workers in its stores, right? Yeah, right. Right now this is a pilot program in three stores, but wait until it becomes a widespread practice—smart money says the abuse stories will start rolling in pretty quickly. 266 Comments Share this article 135 135 135 266 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings Plan Your Evening News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 2017-06-02T04:24:12Z2017-06-02T04:24:12Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the "last mile" - "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:16 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:16 GMT As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:13 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:13 GMT Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:12 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:12 GMT An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:10 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:10 GMT A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a balancing act In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a balancing act Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:11 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:11:48 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:11 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:11:48 GMT Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is in the middle of a balancing act as he tries to win a nationally watched special election in a traditionally conservative Georgia House district.More >> Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is in the middle of a balancing act as he tries to win a nationally watched special election in a traditionally conservative Georgia House district.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Retail June 2 2017 Save Print Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home Abha Bhattarai facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Business Day: Sign up for our newsletter Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:37 Why investors are excited about Amazon Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Australia's economic growth conundrum Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Australia's economic growth conundrum Australia's economic growth conundrum Recent retail and capex numbers have shown positive signs of growth but some forecasters are predicting that the March quarter's GDP figures will be heading in the opposite direction. (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. More videos Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. The idea, Walmart executives said on Thursday, was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfilment process. "It just makes sense. We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centres to stores for pick-up," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's e-commerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post on Thursday afternoon. Related Content 'Most exposed': Wesfarmers tipped to lose $400m to Amazon Amazon 'hype' over the top "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores – two in New Jersey, one in north-west Arkansas – but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Advertisement Employees would be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 per cent of Americans lived within 16 kilometres of a Walmart store. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The idea is to cut costs on the expensive 'last-mile of deliveries', when packages are driven to customers' homes. Photo: Bloomberg "There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Mr Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Mr Jariwala said Walmart employees had delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. The announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 per cent in the first quarter of this year. The company - long the country's largest retailer - has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $US3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 per cent of the country's online sales. (Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pick-up program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Walmart announced it would partner with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts were ongoing, Mr Jariwala said. Walmart's move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program was voluntary for Walmart employees, Mr Jariwala said, adding that they could sign up for up to 10 deliveries a day using a company app. They could also set size and weight limits on packages. If there were not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." The Washington Post Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home. Related Content Australians targeted by Amazon spam scam 'Dark days' for retailers as Cyclone Amazon approaches Amazon to slash JB Hi-Fi, Harvey Norman earnings: Citi Advertisement HuffPost Australia The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Aussies Are Warming To The Use Of Bots ... Contains: External link Most Popular When profits eat wages we all pay the price RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate Optus admits slashing prepaid data without telling 45,000 customers Sydney, Melbourne home price falls pause Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business When profits eat wages we all pay the price Bunnings finds it can afford to shun online Therese Rein takes lion's share of $160m from business sale Clock ticking for big builders as blacklist looms RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate WA Today Cheesed-off customer slams Perth restaurant's 'European nachos' Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Perth pizza robber said family was hungry Ben Cousins' ex says she committed him to psych ward John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore The Sydney Morning Herald London attack: What we know so far John McEnroe makes light of Margaret Court furore Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck The Age Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Margaret Court the guest speaker at Liberal Party fundraiser in Melbourne Knife-wielding terrorists kill seven in bloody rampage US cities, states and companies commit to Paris Accord Brisbane Times Woman's leg degloved in horror yacht accident The picture Rebel Wilson does not want you to see 'Non-viable' twins cling to life amid anger at hospital Cornell had taken anxiety drugs, sedatives London attack: Australian woman Candice Hedge stabbed in neck Canberra Times Secret ASIO raid uncovered classified documents in power couple's Canberra apartment Man arrested after double hit-and-run in Yarralumla Lara Worthington's very nice payday for 30 minutes of work 'Betrayed': Couple's hopes dashed after forking out $10,000 We sent a plus-size mum to the Fashfest model casting WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Tony Gutierrez / Associated Press People walk in and out of a Walmart store in Dallas in 2016. Walmart workers to deliver packages on their way home Thu Jun 1st, 2017 4:02pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Associated Press BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer said workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company said. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery.     Most Read Neighbors worried about development next to former Everett dump EVERETT — Two groups of homeowners are asking the Snohomish County hearing… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Noah Haglund 2 charged after scuffle over stolen meat and a stab in the eye MARYSVILLE — A Snohomish woman was indignant that a grocery store manager… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Diana Hefley Anchor Pub hosts nontraditional church services once a month EVERETT — Their beliefs are traditional, but not much else. Judson and… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Rikki King Snohomish family’s roses have adorned Sorticulture for 16 years Make sure you stop to smell the roses at Sorticulture. Literally. Antique… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Woman with apparent mental illness charged with harassment LYNNWOOD — She came out of her apartment with a 9-inch kitchen… Jun 3rd, 2017 by Scott North © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Business Business Home Business Breakfast People on the Move Lifestyle Lifestyle home Arts & Entertainment Food Sustainable Living Things to do in Maine Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate Auto Jobs Public Notices Puzzles Crossword Sudoku Podcasts Events CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com e-Edition Newsletters and Alerts Support Reader Services Home Delivery Help FAQs Contact Subscribe Contact Advertising Open Pressherald Home Menu News News Boating safety gets more emphasis as Maine deaths reach 6 early in season More Headlines Trump denounces ‘a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life … too long’ Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Community News Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Business Business World Bank predicts 2.7% global growth in 2017 More Headlines Map: See where Maine’s electric cars plug in Week in review: Tourism buoyed by cruise ships, hampered by worker shortage More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job People on the Move Opinion Opinion Maine Voices: Protecting the vulnerable remains a priority More Headlines Another View: Columnist Dill ignores dangers of consuming processed foods Our View: House Republicans snared in trap of their own making More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Sports Sports Warriors rout Cavs, take 2-0 lead in finals More Headlines Pujols joins 600-HR club Former Red Sox outfielder Piersall dies at 87 More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Lifestyle Lifestyle Maine woman’s reach for relief from ‘crazy life’ unites others on journey to better health More Headlines ‘Wonder Woman’ powers its way to $100 million debut Suggestions on what to eat to curb morning sickness More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Restaurant reviews Arts & Entertainment Books Things to do in Maine Religion and Values Sudoku Crossword Obituaries Real Estate Real Estate 28 Brookside Drive, Falmouth More Headlines 12 Foxtail Drive, York ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More in Real Estate Home of the Week Featured Home Public Notices Jobs Auto Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe>   Business Posted June 1 Updated June 1 increase font size Wal-Mart asks employees to make deliveries on their way home The company began testing the program a month ago in New Jersey and Arkansas. By Abha BhattaraiThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article Wal-Mart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Wal-Mart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. Wal-Mart is testing out a new program in two states with the idea of trying to cut costs on the last mile of deliveries. David Leaming /Morning Sentinel Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores – two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas – but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Wal-Mart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Jariwala said Wal-Mart employees have delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Wal-Mart acquired last year, as well as Wal-Mart’s own website. The announcement comes as Wal-Mart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company – long the country’s largest retailer – has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 percent of the country’s online sales. Wal-Mart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. Wal-Mart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Wal-Mart announced that it would partner with ride-sharing services such as Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts are ongoing, Jariwala said. Wal-Mart’s move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program is voluntary for Wal-Mart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said. “This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift.” Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered each morning. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News Business Headlines High School Sports Real Estate * I understand the Terms of Service. Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Walmart’s insurer wants Tracy Morgan to testify under oath By Chris Perez View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 1, 2017 | 6:47pm Modal Trigger Tracy Morgan Getty Images More On: tracy morgan Tracy Morgan ready to recount accident with Netflix special How Tracy Morgan's near-fatal accident made him work harder Tracy Morgan gushes about his kids to random strangers Tracy Morgan makes light of car accident in stand-up Tracy Morgan has been ordered to testify under oath by Walmart’s insurance company about the multimillion-dollar crash settlement he got from the retail giant — which according to them, was way too generous. The store’s insurer, Ohio Casualty, is demanding that the comic be deposed over the estimated $90 million payout that he received following the deadly 2014 crash that involved him and one of Walmart’s trucks. They are also asking that he turn over his medical records, income statements, information related to his future earning potential — and even documents pertaining to appearances he made on “Saturday Night Live” and the Emmys. Court documents filed last week by Ohio Casualty and Liberty Insurance Underwriters outline the requests for deposition dates for both Morgan and his friend Ardley Fuqua, who was a passenger in the car on the night of the crash. Some of the financial records that they’ve demanded to see include Morgan’s federal and state tax returns from 2009-2014, and documents related to his settlement and prior earnings. In addition, the insurance company has requested to see a list of medicines that he was prescribed after the crash — as well as any records of doctor visits, the Mail reports. To add insult to injury, they’ve asked Morgan to include information pertaining to photos taken of him riding around in a $440,000 Lamborghini just months after the settlement with Walmart. The 48-year-old was said to have suffered a severe brain injury in the July 7, 2014 crash on the New Jersey Turnpike. The incident left his good friend and fellow comic, James McNair, dead and several others seriously injured. Morgan reached his settlement with Walmart in May 2015. He wound up buying a $13.9 million mansion in Alpine, NJ, later that year. Ohio Casualty blasted the deal with Morgan at the time, saying Walmart should have never paid the comedian without putting him or anyone else on the stand. The decision to depose the Bronx native comes a little over a year after he and Fuqua were slapped with subpoenas, ordering them to cough up info about the crash — but they reportedly refused and failed to provide an “adequate excuse” as to why. “The depositions of Morgan and Fuqua are relevant and necessary, because they collectively received 92% of the huge settlement of the Morgan action,” the court documents state. “Their depositions were never taken nor were they served with any formal discovery in the Morgan action, and Wal-Mart [sic] has relied on the claims of Morgan and Fuqua as the principal reason in contending that the settlement of the Morgan action was reasonable.” Walmart’s insurers claim that the rest of the money that the company paid out in crash-related settlements went to McNair’s children. They ultimately believe that Morgan’s potential earnings and financial status weren’t as comprised as he made them out to be, and that he took advantage of the system. The company’s motion to compel depositions of Morgan and Fuqua was filed on May 25 in Trenton, NJ. It asks that they provide a date between June 19 and August 2. The pair could be held in contempt of court if they once again fail to provide a reason for why they can’t testify. “The sole reason Morgan and Fuqua have refused to provide deposition dates is their insistence that Plaintiffs provide information that is not required under the federal rules and accept their unconditional reservation of all rights, including their reservation not to appear for a deposition at all,” Ohio Casualty writes in the court documents. “This is a baseless position designed to avoid giving dates for their depositions,” they said. “For these reasons, Plaintiffs ask that Tracy Morgan and Ardley Fuqua be ordered to each provide Plaintiffs with dates on which they can appear for a 7-hour deposition pursuant to the subpoenas.” Additional reporting by Julia Marsh Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under celebrity lawsuits ,  courts ,  tracy morgan ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Kevin Hart doesn't wear the pants in his marriage Read Next Kevin Hart doesn't wear the pants in his marriage Most Popular This Week 1 Melania Trump's 'revenge' on designers who won't dress her 2 Scott Pelley out of 'CBS Evening News' 3 Kathy Griffin feels 'betrayed' by Anderson Cooper after CNN firing 4 Ariel Winter's beach antics in a thong will make you uncomfortable 5 How Sarah Silverman realized her relationship with Kimmel was over 6 Meet Rickie Fowler's sexy new girlfriend Share Selection Now On Ariana Grande rocks 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert Katie Holmes enrolls at Harvard Business School Rev. Al Sharpton continues to slam Bill Maher over N-word Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at 46 Museum honoring daredevil Evel Knievel opens in Kansas Marcus Mumford added to Manchester benefit concert lineup Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit concert will go on Matthew Mellon's Ripple investment is paying off Designer Anand Jon to discuss prison and more in new book Fashionistas skipping events because Bill Cunningham isn't there Paris Review writer pens ode to New York Post Tracy Anderson launching Sirius­XM radio show Maggie Gyllenhaal shows love for Brooklyn Houston Astros owner ties the knot after rescheduling wedding Gregg Allman laid to rest in Georgia Bill Maher apologizes for using N-word on HBO’s 'Real Time' Why Kevin Hart never got into drugs Ariana Grande Manchester benefit concert to air live in over 50 countries Michael Che surprised by reaction to Boston racism comment HBO says Bill Maher's use of N-word is 'inexcusable' SEE ALL Sightings Brooke Shields at Union Cantina in Southampton . . . SEE ALL Video 1:11 Rihanna leads the team of stylish stars rocking courtside seats Trending Now 12,959 Katie Holmes enrolls at Harvard Business School 8,717 Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at 46 7,221 Rev. Al Sharpton continues to slam Bill Maher over N-word 3,765 Ariana Grande rocks 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert 2,522 Zac Efron wouldn't say no to Madonna Now On 10 Shocking Stories Behind Famous Sex Scenes SEE ALL More Stories nypost Mary Kay Letourneau's husband: We only split so I could sell pot Now On Decider The 12 Best Movies Coming To Netflix: June 2017 page six Katie Holmes enrolls at Harvard Business School New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Page Six Daily Get the latest gossip and celebrity news delivered to your inbox. Page Six Daily Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Thanks for subscribing! Sign up for these newsletters from New York Post Morning ReportOur top stories to start your day News AlertsBreaking news and exclusives Evening UpdateCatch up on the day's news Subscribe X Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries News Nation/World Girl, 16, accused of killing Uber driver with stolen knife, machete Photo courtesy of Village of Lincolnwood Eliza Wasni, 16, of Chicago has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the slaying of Uber driver Grant Nelson on May 30, 2017. Eliza Wasni, 16, of Chicago has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the slaying of Uber driver Grant Nelson on May 30, 2017. (Photo courtesy of Village of Lincolnwood) Grace Wong, Susan Berger and Brian L. CoxContact ReporterChicago Tribune A teenage girl from Chicago who has been charged with killing an Uber driver randomly attacked the man with a knife and a machete that she had just stolen from Walmart, authorities say. Eliza Wasni, 16, kept her eyes mostly to the floor Wednesday afternoon as a Cook County judge ordered her held without bail in the killing of Grant Nelson of Wilmette — an act prosecutors called "heinous" and "not provoked in any manner." Prosecutors said Nelson, 34, had picked up Wasni early Tuesday a few blocks from a Walmart in Skokie and, minutes into the ride, near the corner of Touhy and Lincoln avenues in Lincolnwood, she began stabbing him. He managed to pull over his Hyundai and run to a nearby condominium building lobby, where he pushed buzzers and yelled, "Help me, help me. I'm going to die," Assistant State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham said. Wasni took off in Nelson's car but quickly struck a median and then ran off on foot, Cunningham said. She was found nearby wearing just a bra and leggings; a bloodstained Chicago Cubs shirt was found nearby, and a trail of blood led responding officers to the condominium lobby and then to the seriously injured Uber driver, Cunningham said. Alexandra Nelson, sister of victim Grant Nelson, speaks to reporters May 31, 2017, after a hearing at the Skokie courthouse. Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham gave a detailed account of the machete and knife attack. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune)  Alexandra Nelson, sister of victim Grant Nelson, speaks to reporters May 31, 2017, after a hearing at the Skokie courthouse. Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham gave a detailed account of the machete and knife attack. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune)  See more videos Police were able to use the Uber app on his phone to see that "Eliza" was the name of his most recent customer, the prosecutor said. She called Nelson a "random victim." Nelson, who attended New Trier High School in Winnetka and the University of Colorado at Boulder, described his attacker to police but died later at a nearby hospital, officials said. Surveillance footage from Walmart showed Wasni walking around the store with a knife and machete and then leaving without paying for them, the prosecutor said. She said Wasni had taken two earlier Uber rides the evening before, including one to Des Plaines and another from Des Plaines to Walmart. She was apparently in violation of the ride-sharing company's terms and conditions, which say customers must be at least 18 years old. Wasni spoke during the bond court hearing only to confirm her name. Her lawyer, a public defender, said the teen attends Taft High School in Chicago and lives with a single mother. Wasni has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Judge Michael Hood ordered her to be held without bail and called the crime "extremely violent." An official with the Cook County sheriff's office said Wasni will be held in a juvenile facility. Outside the courtroom, Nelson's brother, Todd Nelson, called him "the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children." Todd Nelson photo Grant Nelson, shown in a family photo, was working for Uber when he was fatally stabbed while dropping off a passenger in Lincolnwood, according to police. Grant Nelson, shown in a family photo, was working for Uber when he was fatally stabbed while dropping off a passenger in Lincolnwood, according to police. (Todd Nelson photo) Grant Nelson, his brother said, loved opera and classical piano and was a "very good" piano player. He had also previously worked at Di Pescara restaurant in Northbrook, a manager there confirmed. "He was just trying to do the best he could in life," Todd Nelson said. His sister, Alexandra Nelson, added that the family hopes "justice will happen," calling the attack "horrifying and maddening." The siblings, as well as their parents, were in the courtroom during the hearing. Alexandra Nelson sat behind her father with her hand on his shoulder as a description of the alleged crime was read by the prosecutor. Family members sobbed at times during the proceedings, including when officials described Grant Nelson begging for help in the lobby before he was found on the ground outside in a pool of blood with multiple stab wounds on his right side. An Uber spokeswoman issued a statement Wednesday saying the company is "heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Regarding the company's 18-and-older age restriction for customers, the spokeswoman later explained that a rider's access to the service can be removed if the rider is found to be underage, and that there is a mechanism for drivers to report riders if they suspect them of being younger than 18. The spokeswoman said Uber has safety tips for drivers and riders, developed with the assistance of law enforcement agencies. She also said that drivers are encouraged to contact local authorities if they ever feel unsafe, and that the app has a two-way feedback system that is monitored around the clock by a team that investigates any problems that are reported. Grace Wong is a Tribune reporter; Susan Berger and Brian L. Cox are freelance reporters. Chicago Tribune's Nereida Moreno contributed. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Uber driver killed in Lincolnwood while dropping off passenger, cops say Uber driver charged with transporting passenger while intoxicated Woman sues Uber after fellow passenger allegedly stabbed her during shared ride Breaking Obits Prom Sports Biz Cycle Arts & Ent Popular Classifieds 61°
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Walmart taps VR to train store employees Brittany A. Roston - Jun 1, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Walmart has revealed the latest method it is using to train store employees: virtual reality. The big-box retailer got the idea from observing football players using VR to train, and it has since implemented the technology into 30 of its ‘Walmart Academy’ training centers. The idea behind the training method is to introduce future employees and managers to situations they will encounter during the course of their job, but that they would benefit from experiencing ahead of time in a safe environment. The retailer uses Black Friday as an example, explaining that a manager-in-training who has never worked on a Black Friday can experience what it is like via virtual reality. ‘Wouldn’t it be helpful to understand the dynamics of such a busy day,’ the retailer asks, ‘before you ever had to actually manage your associates and customers through it?’ The Walmart VR experience puts trainees into a ‘lifelike’ environment that mimics an actual Walmart store. The training has proven more effective than real-life training situations, according to the company, which has spurred it to expand the training method’s implementation. Walmart says it will roll out VR training to all of its Walmart Academy facilities (200 of them) by the end of this year. Virtual reality is increasingly making its way into various facilities and usage scenarios beyond the scope of consumer gameplay. Hospitals, for example, has started testing the technology as a pain management tool, essentially using the headsets as a way to distract patients from pain that may otherwise require painkillers. SOURCE: Walmart Story Timeline You can now take a virtual reality tour of the White House IMAX virtual reality theater opens its doors in Los Angeles Steam adds new video section for virtual reality content Tags virtual realityvrWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us Do You Want Walmart Associates Knocking On Your Door? Press enter to search Do You Want Walmart Associates Knocking On Your Door? By Jamie Grill-Goodman - 06/01/2017 Do You Want Walmart Associates Knocking On Your Door? Walmart seeks to answer this question with a new pilot. The mega retailer is now using store employees to deliver packages to customers' homes, starting with three test stores – two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. "Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business," Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart U.S. eCommerce, writes in a blog post. Here's how it wokrs: trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup will be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where associates can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The plan gives associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home. Employees that opt in can set preferences in the Tech Walmart has developed for this. They can choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work. Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home. "Many orders are being delivered the next day, and associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine," writes Lore. "An unexpected benefit is they’re finding quicker routes home thanks to the GPS built into our proprietary app." As retailers scramble to compete with Amazon, is this type of last-mile innovation the answer? Maybe. So far Lore says "the response from associates and customers has been great." SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Supply Chain and Merchandising Walmart Battles Amazon With the One Thing the E-Commerce Giant Lacks Digital Tranformation Walmart's Tech Innovation Hub Will Invest in Startups Supply Chain and Merchandising Target Testing Next Day Delivery Customer Engagement Experts Weigh In On Walmart's Next-Gen Stores E-Commerce Vineyard Vines Employs Unified Commerce to Sell a Lifestyle RELATED TOPICS Supply Chain Management Supply Chain and Merchandising Inventory Management Fulfillment Human Resources Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home open Business Home open Sports Home open Entertainment Home open Where NOLA Eats Special Sections open Videos Engage open MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate open Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE open Local Businesses Photos open Follow Us open View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions North Shore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints LSU Tigers Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work Walmart Employee Deliveries In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Times-Picayune Follow on Twitter on June 01, 2017 at 4:44 PM, updated June 01, 2017 at 4:45 PM comments BENTONVILLE, ARK. - Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Walmart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. "It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores - two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas - but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. "There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Labor experts say the arrangement, a mash-up of sorts between an Uber-style gig economy and traditional employment arrangements, raises a number of questions related to employees having to shoulder much of the risk, cost and liability associated with deliveries. "The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses," said Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York. "Like other 'gig economy' type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers - but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee." Earlier this year, Walmart - which last year reported $485.9 billion in revenue - said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers, but activist groups say many employees are still struggling to make ends meet. "Instead of Walmart paying its workers what they deserve for their work, Walmart is merely offering to pay more - for more work," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a campaign run by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union. "To say this is a voluntary program is like throwing a life preserver to someone drowning in a lake," he added. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more." Some Walmart employees were also skeptical of the arrangement, particularly given the lack of specifics. "Without understanding if associates are going to be compensated for gas, additional insurance costs, wear and tear on our cars and the potential risks of delivering packages, this program could be creating problems for associates," said Cynthia Murray, a Walmart employee in Laurel, Maryland, who leads the Organization United for Respect Walmart, a workers' activist group. "While Walmart continues to point to its 1.5 million associates as its advantage over companies like Amazon, we also know that they are not doing enough to support us and our families." This isn't the first time Walmart has enlisted others to deliver its goods. Four years ago, executives told Reuters they were toying with the idea of having customers deliver packages to online shoppers in exchange for a discount. The company also partners with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. "We think crowdsourcing is a mechanism of the future, and frankly, as you think about the move to driverless [vehicles], that could also make the cost of delivery lower," Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International, said Thursday. "The inefficiency of delivery can destroy profitability." Thursday's announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company - long the country's largest retailer - has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which accounts for about 33 percent of the country's online sales. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. Amazon.com is also making similar efforts to speed up delivery. The Seattle-based company in recent months has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. It also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, similar to Uber or Lyft. Walmart employees, he added, have delivered hundreds of packages during the past month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. Walmart employees can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app, Jariwala said. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." - - - Author Information: Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. The Washington Post's Sarah Halzack contributed to this report. (c) 2017, The Washington Post  Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 31 Greater New Orleans business people on the move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Human Interest Sand, sea and sunsets aside, 'Mad Beach' just can't relax US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Saudia Arabia, three other nations, cut diplomatic ties with Qatar Late goal gives Rowdies tie vs. Charlotte Warriors go up 2-0 in NBA Finals in coach Steve Kerr's return Dick Greco contemplating a return to Tampa One driver accused of seven hit-and-run crashes across Tampa Bay area News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana National How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise Top News How a 'shadow' universe of charities joined with political warriors to fuel Trump's rise Another backroom deal stokes distrust in Florida's Legislature Kriseman's door-to-door effort targets citizens who have never voted for St. Pete mayor Despite extra dollars for schools, controversial bill remains a concern for many Local projects take hit as Rick Scott vetoes more than $400 million from budget Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Sudden slump raises question: Which version of Rays is real? Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Late goal gives Rowdies tie vs. Charlotte Florida advances to softball World Series final series; USF out, FSU alive in region baseball Sudden slump raises question: Which version of Rays is real? Tom Jones' 2 Cents: NHL needs more Subbans Warriors go up 2-0 in NBA Finals in coach Steve Kerr's return Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Top things to do in Tampa Bay for June 3 Top News St. Petersburg Opera Co. toasts love and art in 'The Tales of Hoffmann' A rained-out Led Zeppelin concert caused a riot at Tampa Stadium 40 years ago today Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Another Trump rant and foolish decision on climate change Top Opinion Editorial: Florida budget deal trades cash for bad policy Editorial: No compelling case for sending more troops to Afghanistan Editorial: An inspiring choice to lead St. Petersburg College Column: Haley Veterans' Hospital committed to being top choice for vets Maxwell: Kennedy Space Center opens new worlds for grandsons Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News A Visit to Folly Farm in Safety Harbor - Photos by Douglas R. Clifford 'He broke me': A defiant, tearful Kathy Griffin slams attacks by Trump and his family Why 'The Great British Baking Show' is the best thing on Netflix Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Now Walmart wants employees to deliver packages on their way home from work By Abha Bhattarai, Washington Post ABHA BHATTARAITampa Bay Times Thursday, June 1, 2017 5:36pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged People walk in and out of a Walmart store in Dallas. Walmart has been testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. [Associated Press] Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. Related News/Archive Want to work from home more often? Report from Gallup could help convince your boss 2 Months Ago Bloomin' Brands delivers mixed quarterly performance as diners shy away from casual chains 1 Month Ago United Way: 44 percent of Florida households, mostly working poor, struggle to meet basic needs 3 Months Ago The idea, Walmart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. "It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. "There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Jariwala said Walmart employees have delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. The announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company — long the country's largest retailer — has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 percent of the country's online sales. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns the Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Walmart announced it would partner with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts are ongoing, Jariwala said. Walmart's move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program is voluntary for Walmart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." Now Walmart wants employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 06/01/17 [Last modified: Friday, June 2, 2017 12:39am] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... More Business News Tap for more Another backroom deal stokes distrust in Florida's Legislature 6/03/17 State Roundup By Mary Ellen Klas and Steve Bousquet, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau TALLAHASSEE —Another backroom deal, this time involving the governor who has blasted the Legislature for secrecy, is leaving a trail of frustration and distrust in the state capital as elected lawmakers are being called back for a special session this week to rubber stamp a budget they were excluded from … Despite extra dollars for schools, controversial bill remains a concern for many 6/02/17 State Roundup By Kristen M. Clark, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau TALLAHASSEE — Advocates of traditional public education welcomed Gov. Rick Scott's demand on Friday that lawmakers redo the K-12 education budget for next year and boost it with $215 million in additional spending. Local projects take hit as Rick Scott vetoes more than $400 million from budget 6/02/17 State Roundup By Michael Auslen, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau TALLAHASSEE — Gov. Rick Scott vetoed more than $34 million in state funds headed to Tampa Bay late Friday, freeing up money to fund his priorities in a budget deal he and legislative leaders sealed in private. Rick Scott agrees to sign $83 billion state budget after reaching deal with Corcoran, Negron 6/02/17 State Roundup By Steve Bousquet, Mary Ellen Klas, MIchael Auslen and Kristen M. Clark, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau MIAMI — Ending months of bitter political warfare, Gov. Rick Scott and House Speaker Richard Corcoran publicly made peace Friday after striking a deal in private to spend more money on schools, jobs and tourism. New hotel opens in Wesley Chapel 6/02/17 BusinessBy Danielle Hauser, Times Correspondent The brand new Holiday Inn Express & Suites Tampa North-Wesley Chapel recently opened to guests. More Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-06-01 16:14:13 Updated: 2017-06-01 16:16:11 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Posted 4:14 p.m. Thursday Updated 4:16 p.m. Thursday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Dxf Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER, AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Contact Us Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 203 News Business News Walmart Testing Store Employee Delivery of U.S. Online Orders Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. By Associated Press Jun 1st, 2017 203 BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Author: Associated Press Published: Jun 1st, 2017 Get Daily Updates From Snopes.com View All Featured Video DoesDonaldTrumpSitThroughMeetingsofWorldLeadersWithoutNotes? Fact Check Fauxtography Jun 1st, 2017 A meme cherry-picked one snapshot from a longer meeting where the United States president did use notes. View All Most Searched 99K HIV Needles on Gas Pump Handles Fact Check Horrors Updated Are service station customers getting stuck by HIV-loaded syringes affixed to gas pump handles? 37K Dasani Products Recalled Due to ‘Clear Parasite’? Fact Check Fake News Updated Reports that Coca-Cola is recalling Dasani water products after a "clear parasite" was found in bottles in the United States are fake news. 63K Bananas Injected with HIV-Infected Blood? Fact Check Food Updated Photographs show discolored bananas that have likely fallen prey to a fungus, not to being injected with HIV-infected human blood. 1K Man Reportedly Pricked by Hypodermic Needle While Using Gas Pump News Crime May 26th, 2017 An incident in which a California man reported being cut by a hypodermic needle while pumping gas resembled an old email hoax. 12K NASA Confirms 15 Days of Darkness in June 2017? Fact Check Fake News Updated Reports that NASA has confirmed the Earth will experience 15 straight days of darkness in June 2017 are just an updated version of an old hoax. View All Most Shared 10K Lowe’s Coupon Scam Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated What appears to be a $100 (or $50) coupon giveaway by Lowe's is actually a scam. 8K Was a Protester Throwing Explosives Into a Berkeley Crowd Before She Was Punched? Fact Check Crime Apr 20th, 2017 There's no evidence Louise Rosealma was using a glass bottle she appeared to be holding as an incendiary device. 54K Did a 1950s TV Episode Feature a Character Named Trump Who Offered to Build a Protective Wall? Fact Check Entertainment Jan 9th, 2017 An episode of the 1950s western TV series 'Trackdown' featured a character named Walter Trump who claimed he would build a wall in order to protect a town from the end of the world. 4K Did Jeff Sessions Say He’s Amazed a Judge ‘On an Island in the Pacific’ Can Block Executive Orders? Fact Check Politics Apr 20th, 2017 The Trump administration's Attorney General expressed his amazement on a radio talk show. 16K Ted Nugent Dodged the Draft? Fact Check Political News Updated Rumor holds that conservative rocker Ted Nugent evaded the Vietnam-era draft by taking drugs and acting crazy during his pre-induction physical. More from Snopes What’s New About Us Hot 50 Fact Check Staff Random News FAQ RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by Snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK Copy this http://www.snopes.com/2017/06/01/walmart-testing-store-employee-delivery-u-s-online-orders/ ×

Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 75° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Updated: June 04, 2017 - 5:56 am Updated KAPAHI — Janice Ferraz rode her bicycle every day, no matter where she went. She even bicycled to work at St. Catherine School. Comments (1) Connoisseur’s Culinary Journey showcases local fare around the islands Updated: June 04, 2017 - 5:55 am Updated HANALEI — Volunteers at the Waipa Foundation were cranking out the usual 1,200 pounds of poi to sell throughout the island on Thursday, but there were extra people in the ranks. Comments (0) Recent Monkeypod Jam wins business plan competition Talk story with Bill Fernandez Arrest log for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Young Brothers posts flat first quarter Obituaries for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Haena-to-Hanalei run a success Posted: June 04, 2017 - 1:00 am HANALEI — When Mark Goodman received his prizes for winning the Haena to Hanalei 8-mile walk Saturday morning, he was beaming. Comments (0) Running in the Ivy League Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am LIHUE — It took a while for Kaeo Kruse to settle into life on the East Coast. Comments (0) Recent Weston-Webb second in Fiji Sailboat Junior Invitational races in heavy winds Showtime tonight Three-pointers fuel Na Koa sweep Fiji Women’s final moved to Saturday Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am On Friday evening, July 1, 1960, a party celebrating the opening that day of Inter-Island Resorts’ Kauai Surf Hotel at Kalapaki was held at the Planter’s Bar lanai of the new hotel. Comments (0) Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am South Korea’s iconic female K-pop group, 2NE1, disbanded end of last year as members decided to pursue solo careers. Sistar, another popular female K-pop group, disbanded last week after being together for 7 years and many hits. Comments (0) Recent Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Births for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Get a ‘Taste’ of this one Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Tony Gutierrez Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 10:14 am | Updated: 10:30 am, Thu Jun 1, 2017. Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Associated Press | 0 comments BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy 50 years on, Israel keeps tight grip on Palestinian economy More about General News The Latest: Citizen injured as police shot London suspects British police arrest 12 as Londoners recall night of terror The Latest: Citizen injured as police shot London suspects The Latest: Citizen injured as police shot London suspects The Latest: Citizen injured as police shot London suspects Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Thursday, June 1, 2017 10:14 am. Updated: 10:30 am. | Tags: Business, General News | Location Tags: Arkansas, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Scooby to the rescue More arrests in Kalalau Polihale has some pull Business is booming Rose-ringed solution All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Online poll Who will win the NBA Championship? Total Votes: 179 Cleveland (Yay) 15 8% Golden State (Boo) 76 42% I don’t follow basketball and don’t care. 88 49% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart Is Using The Same VR Training As Professional Athletes Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 01, 2017 4:11pm   Comments Share: Related WMT Fast Money Picks For June 2 The Retail Demise: The Good, The Bad, The Ugly Foreign Stocks Look Attractive To Mutual Fund Managers (Investor's Business Daily) Why is Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT), the world's biggest retailer, getting itself involved with the same virtual reality technology used by professional athletes? Wal-Mart announced it will begin using STRIVR Lab's virtual reality technologies to train employees at each of its 200 "Wal-Mart Academy" facilities. An estimated 150,000 new workers will be trained in topics including management and customer service. Innovative Technology As A Teacher Derek Belch, STRIVR's founder and CEO, was a guest on CNBC to explain what some might find a confusing relationship. Wal-Mart's virtual reality technologies will simulate experiences and decision-making scenarios that employees would face on a daily basis, Belch said. After all, practice makes perfect, whether it's throwing a touchdown pass or dealing with some of the everyday problems a Wal-Mart shopper faces. "At the most basic level it is that simple — how do you simulate and give more repetitions to employees of all levels at all Wal-Mart stores?" he said.  Perhaps most important, a virtual reality course offers employees the necessary experience and know-how to tackle a problem that might occur just once a year, but have a high ROI impact. Black Friday is a once-a-year event and, by Belch's estimates, half of all managers have never dealt with a holiday rush. Belch's platform allows managers to be better prepared to deal with surges in foot traffic and to offer guests a better experience on such a hectic day, he said.  Related Links: How Empathy Will Save Brick-And-Mortar Retail The Holiday Season Has Been Kind To Discount Retailers, Not So Much Toward Department Stores Latest Ratings for WMT Date Firm Action From To May 2017 BMO Capital Upgrades Underperform Market Perform May 2017 Gordon Haskett Initiates Coverage On Buy Apr 2017 Telsey Advisory Group Upgrades Market Perform Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for WMT View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color CNBC Sports Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) Fast Money Picks For June 2 The Retail Demise: The Good, The Bad, The Ugly Retail Roundup: 9 Fresh M&A Rumors Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For The Past Week: Ford, Kroger, Netflix And More How Empathy Will Save Brick-And-Mortar Retail Rolling A Lucky 7: Can Market Extend Streak As Holiday Weekend Approaches? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 DEO, LYV: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires? 2 ELF, IPAR: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 1 PBH, ULTA: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 2 CBS, P: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media Empires? 3 FAZ, XLF: An Adventurous June Idea For A Faltering Sector 4 AAPL: Even If You Expect An iPhone 'Super Cycle',... 5 AMD, NVDA: Why Is Advanced Micro Devices Slashing Price... 6 XLK: MIT Researchers Make Strides In Robotic Limbs 7 CWH: Credit Suisse Reiterates Outperform On... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products After A Big Q1 Beat, What's J.Jill Doing That Other Apparel Stocks Aren't? Morgan Stanley Double Upgrades Goodyear Despite A Cautious Sector View
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders By Associated Press Published: 16:20 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 16:20 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the "last mile" - "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Walmart asks workers to deliver packages on their way home - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart asks workers to deliver packages on their way home Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 3:52 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 4:55 PM EDT In a blog post published, Walmart touted the idea of having employees deliver packages to customers' homes on their commute home. By Jackie Wattles NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- "Since it's on your way, can you drop this off?" That's essentially what Walmart is asking some store workers to do. More specifically, the retailer is testing out the concept of having employees deliver packages to customers' homes on their commute home. In a blog post published Thursday, Walmart touted the idea as a way to both speed up its delivery service and help employees make a little extra money Two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas have been trying it out over the past month, and Walmart insists "the response from associates and customers has been great." It's not clear when or if the program will expand. The company says it's developed an app that allows employees to sign up for the program, and that participation is optional. The app can alert an associate when there's an order destined for a location that's on his or her way home. The company says "many" orders delivered in the testing program wind up arriving the day after they're placed. By comparison, Amazon has rolled out same-day delivery services across much of the country. Walmart's program is a sign that it's looking to compete. "It just makes sense," the company said in the blog post. "Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population." The company declined to say how much employees are paid to take on the added responsibility -- but Walmart did say that workers are "fully in control of their experience." "Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages, and which days they're able to make deliveries after work," the blog post says. "It's completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Employees Now Delivering Packages To Your Front Door Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Employees Now Delivering Packages To Your Front Door June 1, 2017 3:34 pm EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler on your way home walmart retail delivery big box store online orders SHIPPING e-commerce Two-day free shipping, online pickup discounts, grocery pickup — these are just a few ways in which Walmart has tried to up its online shopping game while staying competitive with rival Amazon. Today, the big box retailer rolled out its latest effort: sending associates to customers’ houses with orders in hand.  Walmart announced today that is testing a system at three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas in which local store associates can earn extra funds by delivering customers’ online orders. The new “last-mile” system is intended to cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, while creating a “special win-win-win” for all involved, Walmart e-commerce CEO Marc Lore wrote in a blog post. Through the new system, store associates can sign up to deliver products to customers’ homes at the end of their shifts. Once the worker’s shift is over for the day, they take the packages and drop them off to customers who happen to be on their route home. It’s unclear what the timeframe between customers placing an orders and receiving it will be. We’ve reached out to Walmart for additional details. Associates who opt in to participate in the delivery system will be able to choose the number of deliveries to make, along with the size and weight of those packages. Lore says the new offering makes sense for the retailer given its fulfillment fleet and the millions of associates working in stores. “We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” he wrote. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination.” Additionally, with more than 4,000 stores, that final destination is likely within 10 miles of most customers, Lore notes. Lore says the company will likely use the system to create even more last-mile delivery innovations in the future, such as providing same-day delivery — think Amazon Prime Now — to some customers. June 1, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler on your way home walmart retail delivery big box store online orders SHIPPING e-commerce Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related where's my stuff? Walmart, Home Depot Relying More On Physical Stores To Complete Online Orders changing pace Walmart Slowing Store Openings, Accelerating Distribution Centers creating a retail rival 6 Things We Learned About Walmart’s Love-Hate Relationship With Online Sales another pickup option Walmart Hopes To Win Over Millennials With This Giant Orange Vending Machine getting a few dollars off Walmart Adds Discount For Shopping Online, Picking Up In Store Previous How To Score Doughnut Deals On National Doughnut Day 2017 Next Here’s The Official List Of Payless Stores That Are Closing Next Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Here’s The Official List Of Payless Stores That Are Closing Next Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Get Rich With 'Guaranteed Income' Certificates (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: Walmart | Amazon | delivery | online Walmart Testing Store Employee Delivery of Online Orders (Photo: AP file/Tony Gutierrez) Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 03:29 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart, Amazon, delivery, online 488 Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 03:29 PM 2017-29-01 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: Trump Is Right to Withdraw From Climate Deal Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 143 comments This is right for us. We shouldn't have to be part of an agreement that is... Analysts: Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 58 comments "Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs"....what an absolutely... Peter Morici: Can Trump Really Get 3 Percent Growth? Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 48 comments If the leftists get out of Trump's way, there is a possibility.With the... CNBC's Ron Insana: Jobs Report Could Be Start of 'Worrying Trend' Friday, 02 Jun 2017 | 27 comments THIS IS THE AGE OLD STORYWHAT'S BAD FOR AMERICA IS GOOD FOR LIBERALS.JUST... Soros: Brexit May Last 5 Years and Cause 'Immense Damage' Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 25 comments I'm so tired of this miscreant ruining one country after another. Someone... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Walmart Turns to Virtual Reality to Train Employees The company will use Oculus Rift headsets for the training Jun 1, 2017, 1:53 pm EDT  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) is planning to use virtual reality to train its employees. Source: Shutterstock Walmart has reached an agreement with virtual reality startup STRIVR Labs to have it supply it with experiences to train its employees. This includes lessons and training material for customer service, manager and other positions. The virtual reality training sessions will be viewed via Facebook Inc’s (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus Rift headsets. Walmart will be adding a single headset to each of its 200 training centers in the United States by the end of this year. Having the virtual reality headsets at its training centers in the United States will give 150,000 employees access to them. The headsets will offering training materials that will last between 30 seconds and five minutes. These virtual reality experiences are meant to be used in addition to other training materials, reports Tech Crunch. Walmart’s decision to use virtual reality to train its employees shows that the technology can be used for more than just entertainment. This is something that virtual reality companies are going to want to keep in mind as the technology continues to become more prevalent. While virtual reality continues to grow, there is one thing that could hold the technology back: sickness. There have been several cases of virtual reality making people vomit and it is never a good sign when a product makes a customer ill. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/walmart-virtual-reality-wmt/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East Bay Times Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Walmart asking store employees to delivery… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Pedestrian dies in hit-run 1997 water park tragedy Oakley stabbing homicide Oakland Zoo’s new gondola Amazing ice cream Skyrocketing campus costs Breaking News Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals Latest Headlines Walmart asking store employees to delivery online orders while driving home from work Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By The Associated Press | June 1, 2017 at 12:37 pm By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. Tags:  business Retail The Associated Press Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Man dies from stabbing at Oakley intersection 20 years ago: ‘Bodies came falling out of the sky’ in Concord water park tragedy Two men dead in separate Oakland shootings Roadshow: Thoughtless neighbors and their cars are driving us batty UC Merced pricier than UCLA? The surprising cost to live on campus Watch: Injured Mount Diablo mountain biker airlifted to safety Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals San Leandro police officers shoot man suspected of driving stolen car More in Latest Headlines Kevin Durant dominates defensively as Warriors push up 2-0 on Cavaliers in Finals June 04, 2017, 8:13 pm LeBron James gave another all-time performance against the Warriors, but Steph Curry, Kevin Durant and a revitalized Klay Thompson proved too much, beating the Cavaliers 132-113 to take a 2-0 Finals lead. Two men dead in separate Oakland shootings June 04, 2017, 1:02 pm Two men were killed by gunfire in different areas of Oakland Sunday morning. Man dies from stabbing at Oakley intersection June 04, 2017, 4:18 pm Police did not immediately say when the unidentified man died, only that it occurred at the hospital where he was rushed in critical condition just after 4 p.m. on Saturday. 20 years ago: ‘Bodies came falling out of the sky’ in Concord water park tragedy June 04, 2017, 4:18 pm Overcrowded slide failed as Napa High seniors tried to set a school record for “clogging,” pitching 33 students 30 to 40 feet to the ground. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2017 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders A Wal-Mart spokesman said the company would comply with all minimum wage and overtime laws. (June 1, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here: http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) A Wal-Mart spokesman said the company would comply with all minimum wage and overtime laws. (June 1, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here: http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Christopher S. RugaberAssociated Press Privacy Policy In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Wal-Mart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Wal-Mart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. Tony Gutierrez / AP Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (Tony Gutierrez / AP) "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Wal-Mart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Wal-Mart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Wal-Mart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Wal-Mart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Inside Wal-Mart’s new training sessions: Trying to adapt to retail landscape changes Wal-Mart's online shopping strategy is starting to pay off Wal-Mart works to close gap between itself and Amazon News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 76°

Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report For June 1 Posted: Jun 1 2017, 1:44pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Jun 1 2017, 2:03pm CDT, in News | Technology News     This is the Nintendo Switch stock tracking report for online and in store availability for Thursday, June 1. June kicks off with new Nintendo Switch stock at gamestop.com. The video game retailer is offering five new Nintendo Switch bundles starting under $400. The shipping time is as expected on the ARMS release date.  Don't Miss: Find Rare Products in Stock Online with The Tracker It would makes sense to offer a Nintendo Switch ARMS bundle, but GameStop sticks to Zelda and Mario Kart for the bundles. GameStop sold a new bundle late Wednesday online at gamestop.com, but now appears to have secured a new major shipment with June 16 delivery.  The Nintendo Switch availability is also very low at retail locations. Another way to get the Nintendo Switch is via the Pepsi Fire Summer Sweepstake. Pepsi gives away 200 Nintendo Switch bundles in the next weeks. The reason for the low supply is the likely upcoming E3 2017 video game conference and the release of Arms on June 16. Nintendo will want to have the Switch in stock for the video game show when the buzz hits a new high. The only way to get a Nintendo Switch online now is at reseller market places like Amazon. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have staid flat. Read the reseller offers carefully and check the feedback. Some low priced offers have shipping dates in July. Walmart for the first time in the past two months has not sold the Nintendo Switch online in a bundle on Friday at 5pm ET. The retailer finally reacts to the over selling problem. Our Nintendo Switch order from last Friday got put on backorder days after the order was placed. Walmart has finally shipped our Nintendo Switch console we ordered as part of a bundle on May 19. It is scheduled to arrive on June 1. Our Nintendo Switch Giveaway will launch soon after we received the Switch in the office. This could mean that Walmart is able to offer limited Nintendo Switch inventory again on walmart.com this Friday at 5pm ET. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android. Further below this report features the latest on the in-store availability of the Nintendo Switch.  Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Nintendo is also busy marketing the Nintendo Switch with hands-on events and at the E3 2017. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores There are no options to buy the Nintendo Switch online today. GameStop runs a big video game accessories sale, including discounts of 20% on select Switch accessories. Amazon restocked the Nintendo Switch the last time two weeks ago. Only Prime members got access to the Nintendo Switch stock. When the next Switch sale on Amazon takes place is not known. Use our new Tracker app to get notified when the Switch is in stock at Amazon or other major online retailer. The app is set and forget. When there is a Switch in stock you will receive a notification in real-time on your iPhone or Android phone. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores Best Buy stores had the Nintendo Switch in stock this morning. We prepared our readers for this Switch event before it was official. The Nintendo Switch is also available in 589 Walmart stores, 62 Target stores, 31 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (2:30pm ET).  Number of reported stores contineus dropping, indicating that no new inventory is arriving. The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon. The Nintendo store is apparently consistently stocking the Switch each day. This week two new Switch games are released. The big upcoming Switch games are Arms on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-06-04 10:45:15pm Offers Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Best Buy Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Target Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Gamestop Price: $299.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 2 days ago, 5:40am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Walmart testing home deliveries for online orders "This test could be a game-changer," Walmart.com U.S. CEO Marc Lore said Thursday. By Doug G. Ware   |   June 1, 2017 at 3:09 PM Follow @upi Comments June 1 (UPI) -- National discount retailer Walmart is testing home delivery service in three U.S. markets through a mobile phone application that matches customers' addresses with employees' commutes. In a blog post Thursday, Walmart e-commerce CEO Marc Lore said employees at three stores -- two in New Jersey and one in Arkansas -- are participating on a volunteer basis to deliver ordered items to customers whose residences are located close to their route home. "Our latest test is taking [customer service] another step further and leveraging one of our greatest assets -- our associates -- to get online orders to customers' doors," Lore wrote. "Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business." The home delivery test also serves shoppers of Jet.com, an e-commerce company founded by Lore and acquired by Walmart last year. The new effort is the latest in a series of new concepts the retailer has introduced recently. Lore cited online grocery pickup, two-day free shipping and store pickup discounts as other measures designed to upgrade customers' experience in shopping on Walmart.com. "It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house," he added. "The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home." Willing employees in New Jersey and Arkansas choose the number and size of packages they are able to deliver on their route home. If the new delivery strategy succeeds, Walmart expects to expand it to other stores throughout the country. RELATEDWalmart online sales jump 63% in first quarter Online sales at Walmart.com increased by more than 60 percent during the first quarter of 2017 as the retailer continues to grow its focus on web sales. "It's easy to see why this test could be a game-changer," Lore said. Arkansas-based Walmart is one of the largest retail employers in the United States -- with 4,700 stores and 1.3 million employees. Lore said the chain's numerous locations places it within a 10-mile reach of 90 percent of the U.S. population. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Price of Amazon shares hits $1,000 for the first time Report: Kelly Rohrbach dating Walmart heir Steuart Walton Walmart online sales jump 63% in first quarter Police seek 'clumsy' shoplifter who crashed Walmart cart Comments Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Next Article U.S. Air Force vet gets 35 years for attempting to join IS Latest Headlines Brooklyn cop in critical condition after car drags 2 1/2 blocks 8 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- A Brooklyn police officer is in critical condition after being dragged for 2-1/2 blocks by a stolen car driven by a 15-year-old boy, police said Sunday. Warner: Possibility of Trump's interference 'very, very troubling' 8 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- Mark Warner, a Democrats on Senate Intelligence Committee, called reports of possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump "very, very troubling." Gore: Leaving Paris climate accord is 'threat to humanity' 10 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- Ex-Vice President All Gore said Donald Trump pulling the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord is a "threat to humanity and bad for the U.S. position." Dueling Sunday rallies planned in Portland in wake of double murder 12 hours ago ago June 4 (UPI) -- Alt-right supporters and counter protesters plan rallies Sunday in Portland, Ore., one week after two men were killed trying to defend two Muslim train riders. Protesters call for independent Russia probe 1 day ago ago June 3 (UPI) -- Protesters across the United States called for an independent investigation into Russia's alleged collusion with the Trump campaign. Trending Stories Dueling Sunday rallies planned in Portland in wake of double murder Brooklyn cop in critical condition after car drags 2 1/2 blocks Warner: Possibility of Trump's interference 'very, very troubling' Gore: Leaving Paris climate accord is 'threat to humanity' Philippine police: Casino attacker was gambling addict, not terrorist PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 16 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) A gold PlayStation 4 is on the way, and it costs $249 Ben Gilbert Business Insider June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share That plain matte black PlayStation 4 you've got? It's old hat. It's not nearly gold enough. What you need, friend, is a gold PlayStation 4.  View photos PlayStation 4 (Gold)More (Reddit user "Christopher_Maxim") And it looks like that's exactly what you're gonna get!  At least that's what you're going to get if you choose to buy the upcoming gold-colored PlayStation 4 console that Sony's planning for release. The console hasn't been officially announced by Sony, but one popped up recently at a Walmart retail location. The photo above was snapped by Reddit user "Christopher_Maxim," who spotted the gold PS4 on display his local Walmart and proceeded to attempt buying it. Here's what he says happened: "This Walmart put them out early. [The] register locked up when I tried to buy one, and the staff realized their mistake. I snagged a pic before they brought them out back." View photos PlayStation 4 SlimMore (The gold PS4 above is a version of the PlayStation 4 "Slim" model that Sony released in late 2016.Sony) Here's hoping the gold PS4 wasn't summarily executed "out back" — more likely it was just taken out of public view. Maxim also says that, when the manager arrived to figure out the issue with the register, they realized the console was accidentally up for sale early — before Sony even announced the system. "The woman at the counter wanted to sell it to me," Maxim says. "But the manager she called over said that it was out way too early and the store would get fined if they sold it." From the looks of the box, the gold PlayStation 4 will cost $249 and it comes with a 1TB hard drive (a step up over the traditional 500GB PlayStation 4). Sony has yet to comment on the leak; we expect the console to be announced at the annual game industry trade show, E3, during the week of June 13. NOW WATCH: 5 hidden features only PlayStation 4 power users know about More From Business Insider A gorgeous new game just launched that looks like 'Zelda' — but it’s for Xbox and PlayStation too Xbox is about to launch a Netflix-style game service: Here are its best games The first trailer for 'Far Cry 5' is finally here, and it's about a religious cult in Montana Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more International Business Times Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored ELON MUSK: Tesla factory injuries 'break my heart' Business Insider What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance People In Heavy CC Debt Are In For Big Surprise Freedom Debt ReliefSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Buy “Penny Defense Stocks” Before June 30? Casey ResearchSponsored Plug-in electric car sales for May: best Bolt EV, Prime months yet; Leaf, Volt rise too (final update) Green Car Reports Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video The Latest: GOP senator says Trump served with info out Richard: Trump tried to run the government like he ran his business empire...with fraud, deception and lies! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 867
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from Mobile Walmart distribution center on target for 2018 opening; company expands elsewhere in Alabama Posted on June 1, 2017 at 2:23 PM Walmart is expected to bring in more than 500 jobs with the opening of a new distribution center in Mobile, County, Ala. (file photo) Walmart is expected to bring in more than 500 jobs with the opening of a new distribution center in Mobile, County, Ala. (file photo) By John Sharp jsharp@al.com The humble beginnings of what will blossom into a mega-distribution center are beginning to take shape on west Mobile County farmland. At the non-descript site off Interstate 10 are dozens of pickup trucks, makeshift trailers and construction machines. The only symbol that this rural tract will become home to one of Walmart's biggest investments along the Gulf Coast is a simple sign that reads, "Coming Spring 2018. Walmart." "I drive out and look at the site periodically," said Troy Wayman, vice president of economic development with the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce. "It's kind of like your baby. You want to look as often as possible. It's phenomenal to see." This is the only clue in rural Mobile County, Ala., that a mega Walmart distribution center will be operational this time next year. Construction is underway at the site where a 2.5 million square foot facility will service the nearby Port of Mobile. (John Sharp/jsharp@al.com).  The world's No. 1 retailer remains on schedule with the construction of a $135 million, 2.5-million-square-foot distribution center that is expected to bolster activity at the nearby Port of Mobile and substantially increase truck traffic on I-10. According to a Walmart spokeswoman, the construction timeline remains unchanged, and the distribution center will be fully operational by this time next year. Walmart will begin posting for senior-level positions, such as operations managers and area managers, starting this month or in early July. The hope, the company says, is to have a leadership team hired by the fall. Once the center is built, Walmart plans to add 550 jobs to support the logistical hub that will serve 800 of Walmart's 4,600 U.S. stores. Those 800 stores are scattered over a sweeping area of the nation's heartland, from Alabama to Mississippi northward to the Great Lakes region. The company broke ground on the project in March. City, county and state taxpayers are investing in the project by providing incentives totaling about $15.3 million in property and sales tax abatements and up to $6.5 million in land purchase and road improvements. "We're just excited about how the project is progressing," Wayman said. The ongoing work on the distribution center - which will rank in the top 10 percent of the company's U.S. facilities in scope and size, and will be the company's sixth import distribution center in the U.S. - comes as Walmart is pushing forward on retail store and training expansions in Alabama. The company, in a news release last month, announced a multimillion-dollar capital campaign to remodel seven locations in the state: Mobile, Tuscaloosa, Brewton, Enterprise, Northport, Alexander City and Guntersville. In addition, the company is launching more of its Walmart academies. Presently, there are three such academies in the state, at Wetumpka, Fairhope and Gadsden. Erica Jones, senior manager with Walmart's communications team, said the new academies are part of a beefed-up training operation that began in 2015. Previous training was handled by the managers of each individual store, she said. "We'll be investing in training that our associates receive," said Jones. "The academy program is a result of that." The Alabama academies are part of 120 which have opened in the U.S. The goal, Jones said, is to open 200 of them by the end of 2017. The investments in Alabama are part of a $6.8 billion capital program nationwide, which includes the expansion and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers. In addition, Walmart plans to expand its online grocery pickup services as the company positions itself to compete more aggressively against the online retail giant, Amazon. Walmart, which last year reported $486 billion in annual revenue - more than three times that of Amazon - accounted for 7.8 percent in online U.S. sales last year, according to an article in the The Washington Post. Amazon, by comparison, accounted for 33 percent of online sales. In Mobile, the company is banking on utilizing the State Docks to transport Walmart-bound containers to the distribution center, which is about a 15-minute drive along I-10. The distribution center will be serviced by approximately 600 or more trucks that will be moving back and forth daily. To accommodate the activity, the Alabama Department of Transportation is moving forward on a $33.4 million widening of I-10 from Carol Plantation Road west toward McDonald Road, which is next to the distribution center. And as the company presses forward on its distribution center expansion, some coastal Alabama entities are hoping to see some benefits. Among them is Feeding the Gulf Coast, formerly the Bay Area Food Bank, which relies heavily on Walmart contributions. The company provided $189,894 to Feeding the Gulf Coast last year, which was the largest contribution that Walmart made to a food bank in Alabama. Feeding the Gulf Coast is part of the Feeding America community, which is heavily supported by the company. In fiscal year 2014, Walmart accounted for 13 percent of total fundraising revenue for Feeding America, and 14.5 percent of the total pounds of food secured for food banks around the country. "We literally could not survive without the contributions of Walmart and our other retail partners," said Cathy Pope, president & CEO of Feeding the Gulf Coast, calling "Walmart a committed partner" in battling hunger relief. "They regularly donate time, food and funds to Feeding the Gulf Coast," Pope said. "We rely on their partnership and appreciate their efforts to end local hunger." View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Kroger’s Columbus division drops prices on 3,000 products Jun 02, 2017 Walmart testing associate home delivery Jun 01, 2017 Supervalu CEO sees opportunity in Marsh bankruptcy Jun 01, 2017 Walmart: Happy employees sparking sales momentum Jun 01, 2017 Dollar General ‘pleased’ with Q1 results Jun 01, 2017 Featured 9 Lidl sites make U.S. debut June 15 May 30, 2017 Meat promotions sizzling again May 26, 2017 Junquiero to retire from Save Mart May 24, 2017 Lowes expands further to South Carolina May 22, 2017 Photos by Jon Springer Walmart US COO Judith McKenna addresses associates in Fayetteville, Ark., Wednesday. Top Retailers>Walmart Walmart: Happy employees sparking sales momentum Retailer highlights benefits of training program as it kicks off annual shareholder’s week Jon Springer | Jun 01, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores on Wednesday opened its annual Shareholders Week activities focusing on foundational progress the company has made since its first training academies opened just over a year ago. Since March 2016, the retailer has opened 155 such facilities with plans to reach 200 later this year. The academies are located adjacent to top regional Supercenters and have become the vehicle through which the company has driven process change that officials said have contributed to Walmart’s recent sales momentum, while reducing turnover and creating happier and more satisfied workers, Judith McKenna, Walmart’s U.S. COO, told a gathering of journalists visiting a Walmart academy alongside a store in Fayetteville, Ark. That is helping Walmart capture more sales at retail through better customer service and improved execution of the basics in stores like on-shelf availability. Ellie Bertani, Walmart's director of HR strategy and innovation, chats with Andy Van Kleunen, CEO of the National Skills Coalition, in a panel discussion regarding opportunity in retail held Wednesday in Fayetteville, Ark., as part of Walmart's annual Shareholders Week events. “The training program isn’t just for the here and now,” McKenna said. “It actually creates a platform for us for the future for everything else we want to do.” Related story: Walmart: Blockchain tech a boon for food safety Walmart established new training procedures as part of its $1.7 billion investment in employees announced in 2015, which also included wage increases, and has underpinned an operational rebound that also included new rounds of price investments and expansion of e-commerce. David Scott, SVP, talent and organizational development for Walmart. Around 250,000 U.S. Walmart employees will undergo academy training programs this year, which can last between two to six weeks. The program’s current focus is on department managers, assistant store managers and newly promoted workers, said Tom Ward, VP of U.S. central operations for Walmart, and includes a mix of classroom training and exercises on the floor of the adjoining stores. These employees are being trained to execute any number of duties and store processes that have been re-engineered over the past two years under Walmart’s U.S. leadership team including McKenna and Mark Ibbotson, Walmart’s U.S. EVP of central operations, who ran a similar training program at the company’s Asda chain in the United Kingdom prior to their U.S. assignment. Walmart associates, from left, Cris Norton, Courtney Elston, Alfredo Torres and C.J. West with Kristen Wilkenson, senior director of Walmart's U.S. Academy team. Ibbotson referred to the process changes — which touched virtually every duty employees have at a store — as “one best way” strategy that encourages standardization across stores. Officials demonstrated teaching methods including virtual reality to prepare workers for real-life situations and simulated shopping missions for customers. A panel of recent Walmart academy graduates testified that the program was helping them and their co-workers to find more meaning and direction in their careers, in part because it demonstrated that supervisors were vested in their work. “A lot of associates would get upset and leave the company because they felt they weren’t getting the proper training,” C.J. West, an assistant store manager in Fayetteville, said. “Their department managers, their supervisors, even their assistants weren’t involved. Now if you get the people the right training and allow them to develop and grow, you have a better chance at keeping your people. I know I wouldn’t want to work at some place where I wasn’t trained, and that’s happened here in years past.” TAGS: News 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Walmart testing associate home deliveryJun 02, 2017 Walmart: Blockchain tech a boon for food safetyJun 01, 2017 Walmart enhances support for military workersMay 23, 2017 Top 10 Gallery: More Germans are comingMay 22, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Walmart tests associate delivery amid red-hot Amazon rivalry ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Walmart tests associate delivery amid red-hot Amazon rivalry By Victoria Craig Published June 01, 2017 Retail FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print For years, Walmart (WMT) has vowed to keep prices low for its shoppers – and in recent months has gone to great lengths to do so. Now the world’s biggest retailer is taking its customer service to new heights as it tests a program that turns store associates into delivery drivers for online orders. Continue Reading Below The idea behind the move is two-fold: It helps make Walmart better able to compete with the quick delivery times and low prices heralded by chief e-commerce rival Amazon (AMZN), while also cutting down on delivery costs for the final leg of the trip, which is often the most expensive. The idea, currently tested in three stores – two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas, is a win-win for customers and the $241 billion company, Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce president and CEO Mark Lore wrote in a blog post Thursday. “We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house,” he said. Related content Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon After Losing Customers to Walmart and Kroger, Whole Foods Fights to Keep 'Whole Foodies' Amazon hits fresh record: Shares top $1K Becoming a delivery driver, though, isn’t required for employees, Lore stressed, but rather an opportunity to earn extra cash. Those who want to, can opt into the program and have control over things like how many packages they deliver, and size and weight limits of each shipment. Once seen as a disadvantage in a rapidly-changing retail landscape that favors e-commerce, Walmart has suddenly turned its 4,700 U.S. stores into an asset that not only allows shoppers to browse and buy in-store, but also transform into mini distribution centers. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT “Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game changer,” Lore said.  This pilot program isn’t Walmart’s first foray into making life easier for customers as it tries to better compete with Amazon. In 2015 it agreed to buy Amazon’s smaller rival Jet.com – a move that has allowed the Oakbrook, Ill.-based company’s online experience to explode. Helped by the acquisition, growth in e-commerce for the first quarter jumped 63%. Back in April, Walmart launched what it calls a Pickup Discount, lower prices on roughly 10,000 items that customers can purchase on the store’s website and have sent to any Walmart store for pickup. The aim was to lower the company’s delivery costs on the last mile while also encouraging shoppers to peruse its e-commerce platform. Earlier this year, the company introduced no membership required free two-day shipping on two million items – a clear shot at Amazon’s Prime membership which, for $99 annually, gives consumers free-shipping on all orders regardless of basket size.  Shares of Walmart hit a fresh record high of $79.60 on Thursday, adding to gains of more than 13% so far this year.   What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad REVEALED: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalized by YouTube' was known to British police and was filmed arguing with cops after unfurling ISIS flag in a park one year before London Bridge terror attack 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her voice... after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London mayor for his response to capital's terror attack How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters 'Alarmist blowhard' Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse EVERY marital row (and it's not 'sorry') Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER Mayor de Blasio reveals hero NYPD cop who was dragged for two and a half blocks by 15-year-old in stolen vehicle is fighting for his life 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their ex in brutally honest online confessions Lost kayakers are rescued after FOUR DAYS lost in the wilderness when search team spots their giant SOS written in the sand London jihadi was 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbor about hiring a truck: Father of two, who hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalize children' PIERS MORGAN: British Prime Minister Theresa May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut police numbers by 20,000. And now we're paying the price in blood. The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person involved in the investigation was 'interrogated' by police last year  'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Australia's former PM slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for 'shoot-to-kill' commando units to guard against Australian attacks 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the neck by London jihadi on his LAST night in the UK before flying home  Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle London Bridge terrorists now CANNOT SPEAK after being stabbed in the neck  ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse, 19, reveals terrifying escape from London attacker  'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still reeling from Manchester terror'  Previous Next EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over car crash settlement in which the comedian received '$90 million' WITHOUT ever being deposed Insurance company Ohio Casualty is demanding Tracy Morgan cough up records pertaining to his 2015 multimillion-dollar crash settlement with Walmart The company is seeking medical records, information regarding the comedian's income and future earning potential It is also  information regarding his ability to drive a Lamborghini after the accident Morgan suffered a brain injury in the crash between a Walmart truck that killed another passenger, and received a rumored $90 million in settlement money But the superstore's hasty settlement was blasted by its insurer which says the retail giant paid out the funds without deposing the comedian or others involved The demands come 13 months after the pair were served with subpoenas to provide information to the case and failed to respond By Karen Ruiz For Dailymail.com Published: 14:50 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 09:01 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 140 shares 218 View comments Walmart's insurance company is demanding Tracy Morgan be grilled under oath over his multimillion-dollar payout stemming from a horrific crash involving one of the store's trucks that nearly killed the comedian in 2014. The superstore reached a deal with Morgan a year after the deadly accident on the New Jersey Turnpike that killed his friend, comedian James 'Jimmy Mack' McNair, and left the Saturday Night Live alumnus severely injured. But Walmart's hasty settlement has been blasted by its insurer, which says the retail giant paid out the large sum without deposing Morgan and others involved in the suit. Walmart's insurance company is demanding Tracy Morgan, 48, be deposed over his multimillion-dollar payout stemming from the 2014 car accident involving the retailer's truck Court documents obtained by Dailymail.com reveal lawyers for insurance company Ohio Casualty are now requesting deposition dates from Morgan and his comedian friend Ardley Fuqua, who was a passenger in the car.  The company is attempting to force Morgan and Fuqua to hand over settlement documents, as well as medical records and information regarding the comedian's income. They are also seeking all medical records following the accident, Morgan's federal and state tax returns from 2009-2014, documents showing his future earning potential, and financial records that relate to his earnings for the five years prior to the accident. Morgan spent almost two months in the hospital and rehab following the accident before he could return home. Pictured is the Walmart truck after the crash A tractor-trailer driven by Walmart employee Kevin Roper slammed into the back of their limo on the New Jersey Turnpike on June 7, 2014 The star has spoken about how he had to learn how to talk and walk again following the medically induced coma doctors placed him in They are even demanding a list of medicines he was prescribed after the crash, any records of physical or mental examinations and documents related to his appearance on Saturday Night Live and The Emmys - and information regarding his ability to drive a Lamborghini after the accident.  According to the court papers, Ohio Casualty argues the depositions of both Morgan and his comedian friend Ardie Fuqua are relevant and necessary since the two of them received 92 percent of the huge settlement paid out in the comedian's original lawsuit against Walmart. Morgan received 80 per cent of an undisclosed sum paid out to all plaintiffs in his legal battle. The 48-year-old's payout is rumored to be as much as $90 million.  The demands come 13 months after the Morgan and Fuqua were served with subpoenas to provide information to the case and failed to respond. The pair were also accused of refusing to provide dates to be deposed and failing to provide an adequate excuse for his refusal after multiple attempts.  'The depositions of Morgan and Fuqua are relevant and necessary, because they collectively received 92% of the huge settlement of the Morgan action, their depositions were never taken nor were they served with any formal discovery in the Morgan action, and Wal-Mart [sic] has relied on the claims of Morgan and Fuqua as the principal reason in contending that the settlement of the Morgan action was reasonable,' the documents state.  The insurance company is also requesting deposition dates from Morgan's comedian friend Ardley Fuqua (left) who was injured in the accident which killed James 'Jimmy Mack' McNair (right) Emails between the parties' attorneys show Morgan and Fuqua's lawyer, David E. Ross said they would comply with the subpoenas if the plaintiff agreed to certain conditions - which is not required. 'The sole reason Morgan and Fuqua have refused to provide deposition dates is their insistence that Plaintiffs provide information that is not required under the federal rules and accept their unconditional reservation of all rights, including their reservation not to appear for a deposition at all.  'This is a baseless position designed to avoid giving dates for their depositions. 'For these reasons, Plaintiffs ask that Tracy Morgan and Ardley Fuqua be ordered to each provide Plaintiffs with dates on which they can appear for a 7-hour deposition pursuant to the subpoenas.' Morgan could potentially be held in contempt of court for failing to provide an 'adequate excuse.'  Emails show Ross refused to cough up any information - calling attorney Paul R. Koepff's actions a 'lack of good faith' and 'an intention to harass rather than serve subpoenas.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York in knee-high... Golf legend Jack Nicklaus says his friend Tiger Woods 'needs... Share this article Share Last year, attorneys asked a judge to enforce subpoenas served on Morgan and his fellow passengers - after the comedian was spotted driving a Lamborghini shortly after the settlement. Morgan suffered a broken leg, several broken ribs, and a brain injury and spent almost two months in the hospital and rehab before he could return home.  The star has spoken about how he had to learn how to talk and walk again following the medically induced coma doctors placed him in.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 140 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... 'Bit of pain but I'll survive': Australian waitress, 31,... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 218 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William     DON'T MISS Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'My hairdresser is better than your hairdresser!' Model Simone Holtznagel flaunts her freshly-styled mane after a trip to the stylist She Dunn ever disappoint! Supermodel mother Jourdan looks sensational as she shoots an editorial in New York City Stunning outfits  Kelly Rowland tells critics to BACK OFF Delta Goodrem amid complaints about her 'bulls**t theatrics' on The Voice Australia  On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach Having a ball! Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning body as she cradles son Kit during family trip to Barbados with husband Wayne Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Today's headlines Most Read Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and... 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'...... I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals... US Ambassador breaks ranks with Trump to PRAISE Mayor Sadiq Khan after the president criticized the London... How dare the US say 'we are reeling': They know nothing of our resilience, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved... Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack Former New York Knicks head coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing and flipping his car... Fed up with having horrible arguments at home? Relationship coach reveals the one word that will defuse... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the... Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female... 'Fighting for his life.': Mayor de Blasio reveals NYPD cop who was dragged for two and a half blocks by... 'His toenails were so long they clicked on the floor like a dog': People reveal why they REALLY dumped their... Stranded kayakers who took a wrong turn are saved after four days when rescuers spot the giant SOS they... Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of... PIERS MORGAN: Mrs May talks tough now but what did she do when she was in charge of the Home Office? She cut... The detective's notes that suggest suspect was known to terror police: Hand written comments show person... 'Islamophobia hasn't killed anyone': Tony Abbott slams officials for soft response to terror as he calls for... 'He looked like a f*****g Muslim terrorist': Straight-talking Australian describes how he was stabbed in the... Hero journalist who tweeted 'it isn't happening on my watch' before using his martial arts skills to tackle... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  'I saw a man carrying knives and I just started running. He was less than 10ft behind me': Trainee nurse,... 'Don't confuse grief with lack of courage': Britain hits back against New York Times claims nation is 'still... 'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mother reveals what deluded Jihadi knifeman yelled as he plunged... Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head as officers fired 'unprecedented 50 rounds of... Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am slammed after forgetting what city he's in at Manchester... Police officer steals the hearts of millions as he dances hand-in-hand with young girls in the crowd during... MORE HEADLINES Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as he asked a neighbour about hiring a van: Father of two, who had worked for London Transport and hid his hated of Western values behind 'nice guy' mask, tried to 'radicalise children' 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he tries to drown his three-month-old twin babies in the bathtub  'Piece of s***': President Trump comes under fire over tweets about reinforcing the travel just hours after London terror attack Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack: President blasts Sadiq Khan for saying there's 'no reason to be alarmed' after seven died and ridicules 'politically correct' response Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror attack who volunteered at homeless shelters and moved to Europe to live with her fiance  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort as they continue their whirlwind Australian honeymoon KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on like this. But do you have the balls to do what’s REALLY needed and lock up the 3,000 terror suspects tomorrow? Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East London tower block in connection with terror attack as officers swoop on a flat above a Paddy Power shop less than a mile away  The Google employee and his wife who lived in a $2,000 RV in the company's parking lot for TWO YEARS to save money so they could afford to buy a real home Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' Another fanatic slips through the net: Killer jihadi, 27, 'radicalised by YouTube' was known to police and filmed arguing with officers after unfurling an ISIS flag in a park in a Channel 4 documentary Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on London Bridge with victims laid strewn across the road as people ran for their lives  Trump faces furious backlash over his tweet condemning London Mayor just hours after London terror attack More than 100 Muslims gather outside Trump Tower to pray in protest against the president's immigration policies 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to save the lives of injured pedestrians on London Bridge as one woman is heard begging her loved one to 'hold on' while paramedics give CPR  I saw three jihadis shot dead - bang, bang, bang: Dramatic pictures taken by eyewitness who was just yards away show moment eight police cut down terrorists in a hail of 50 bullets  'Nothing stops a Canadian from mowing his lawn': Man does a spot of gardening while a TORNADO rages just yards away Former Michigan ME is NOT convinced Chris Cornell committed suicide and says the rocker's death 'could have been an accident' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by Jihadis is pictured bloodied but unbowed in a hospital bed after doctors saved his life - as an angry friend calls on Sadiq Khan to resign over the London Bridge attack  Smash hit Wonder Woman makes $101.4MILLION over the weekend as it becomes highest-grossing film by a female director EVER ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge attack with sick posts vowing more terror  Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is repatriated to the Outer Hebrides ahead of the first funeral since the attack Chilling footage shows blood-soaked victims of London Bridge attack desperately hiding from terrorists in a Borough Market pub  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Monday, Jun 05, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders Program would have workers deliver packages while driving home after regular work shifts ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on June 1, 2017 | Updated 2:17 p. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said today. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. Related Items arkansas , united states , north america , Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Amazon.com Inc Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Walmart to take on Amazon by asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home from work Workers can choose to participate and would be paid The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas Employees undergo background checks and will need clean driving records Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers  By Associated Press Published: 13:30 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 10:06 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 209 shares 198 View comments In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The 'associate delivery' program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid.  A Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. HOW IT WORKS  Ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.  Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time.  The software also allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. 'It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,' Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. 'Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.  'The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home.  'Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,' Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a 'very dense web' of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Climate change could kill off coastal nesting birds: Study... Women ALWAYS regret one-night stands more than men and... Chimpanzees pass on knowledge to the next generation and can... Launch of Samsung's digital voice assistant is delayed... Share this article Share 209 shares Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. 'This is completely an opt-in program,' he said Thursday. ' This is not something they are required to do.' So far, employees 'love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine,' Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much.  Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the 'last mile' - 'makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs,' Jariwala said. AMAZON VS WALMART  The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance.  Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price.  Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location.  And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two.     In its tests so far, Walmart says 'many' packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers.  Jariwala said that test is still going on. Share or comment on this article e-mail 209 shares Most watched News videos Graphic footage of London attack victim with serious neck injury Shocking dashcam footage shows people fleeing scene of terror attack Hero Londoners try to save victims of city's latest terror attack Bloodied man led to safety through a cordon of armed police Moment gunshots are heard outside a restaurant in London Bridge Police tell drinkers to 'get down immediately' in London bar Exclusive: Armed police order people to the floor in Barking Horrific moment man randomly hits 90-year-old with cane in NYC Shocking moment woman blocks young boy from brutal crash This cat wants out! Owner argues with cat who wants to go outside Woman heard crying in fear as police evacuate Borough Market Theresa May says 'enough is enough' after London terror attack Arsenal jihadi 'euphoric' hours before murdering seven as... 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to... Elite SAS 'Blue Thunder' unit lands helicopter on London... Family pay tribute to Canadian woman killed in terror... Armed police arrest 12 - including four women - at East... KATIE HOPKINS: You’re right, Theresa. We cannot go on... 'Stay with me, please, I love you': Bystanders rush to... Trump condemns London Mayor after terror attack:... Harrowing dashcam footage reveals trail of devastation on... Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation... 'Enough is enough - things have to change': May admits... Body of Manchester terror victim Eilidh MacLeod, 14, is... 'He's a soldier': Father-of-three stabbed FOUR times by... Desperate families beg for information on 'missing' loved... ISIS celebrates deaths of seven killed in London Bridge... Bystander caught in police crossfire was shot in the head... Hero neighbor shoots knife-wielding father dead as he... Frail man, 90, who was viciously beaten with a cane in a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 198 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Secrets of the Thirty Years' War soldiers exposed: Mass grave of 47 men who died in battle 400 years ago... Shimmering lights spotted near 'Britain's UFO capital' spark rumours of another extra-terrestrial sighting San Diego's Rose Canyon fault is MORE dangerous than thought and could trigger a massive earthquake that... What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... The instantly rechargeable battery that could revolutionize electric cars (and mean you'll never have to sit... The 'kill vehicle' that could blast North Korea's missiles out of the sky: Pentagon fast tracks $260m... Siri set to get supercharged as Apple declares war on Amazon's Alexa US Army reveals Cold War Stinger anti aircraft missile will be used to shoot down DRONES in battle against... Want to buy sexy clothes? It might be in your hormones: Women are more inclined to buy raunchy outfits in... LA train tunnel diggers find fossilised hip bone of giant 1,500 pound sloth that roamed the area 11,000... US Navy reveals mini drone that can scour a beach for mines before Marines land What it's like to fly over Jupiter: Astronomers turn just 36 of NASA'S Juno images into a stunning movie Would YOU ride the world's fastest elevator? Chinese skyscraper visitors hit record-breaking speed of 47 mph MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Young family  Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Touching words  'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologizes to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her  after criticizing her for jetting home following Manchester attack What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Both the models dressed down  Dressed to the nines! The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala  'Do not be afraid': Ariana Grande's heroic mother Joan shares empowering message as she joins fans in the crowd at One Love concert in Manchester  'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry. She'd have wanted to hear the hits': Tearful Adriana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim  Ariana Grande sparks confusion by sporting dazzling rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at Manchester tribute  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Everyone is smiling  Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Appears to take aim at the natural beauty Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Wiped off the sweat from her face  Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Attended a service  That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Clearly enjoys showing off her workouts Booty-ful moves! Iggy Azalea shows off her stunning figure in red leotard while writhing onstage at awards show in Mexico City All eyes on her  Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Unconventional parenting Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards Started off the red carpet in style Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals Modern Family star is a staunch activist  'As a father, this has made me truly sad': David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' of Manchester as he sends poignant video message to One Love concert Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her Wowed the crowd with their hit Where Is The Love? Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Fergie, 42, looked super in black skinny jeans  'I've got an emotional depth greater than two years ago': Hunger Games star Sam Claflin reveals fatherhood made him a better actor Life changing  Australian actor Hugh Sheridan claims he and Rebel Wilson visited a 'secret apartment' in Disneyland after the actress said she was related to Walt Disney Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Touching scenes Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Resident Evil star Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Lifestyle mogul's had a day out  Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Showing off her stunning figure Dressed to the nines! Ivanka Trump looks stunning in a red gown as she heads to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Looked regal  'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh Parents to two girls  Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Reality star radiated glamour and celebrity Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Can enjoy some time off Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City Is on a break from shooting Younger  Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe He's had his hands full  Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program It's never too late  Where.Am.I? Bungling Black Eyed Pea Will.i.am forgets what city he's in at Manchester terror concert as he greets crowd by saying 'What's up London?'  Pippa Middleton's brother-in-law Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his girlfriend Vogue Williams is in Spain  Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at Ariana Grande's One Love concert in Manchester but fans are disappointed brother Noel does not join him  Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilization after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort in Australia  Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Turned heads in London They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin on Twitter and  insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Quirky look  They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Stunning blondes  How Cary Grant took acid to get over his issues with women: Famed actor took 100 LSD pills over the course of THREE YEARS to counter his struggles Former Knicks coach Derek Fisher is arrested for DUI in LA after crashing his car with Basketball Wives star girlfriend Gloria Govan in the passenger seat Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Enviable figure  Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Grabbed attention  'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' She is expecting twins in the coming weeks  'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets with fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert  Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was one of the first to pay tribute  Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving Craig's Princess Charlene exudes glamor in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for his water bike challenge  Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica The pair went incognito for a romantic evening  Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage She has a sizzling Ora about her! Rita sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy shoot His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht with husband Rod Stewart, 72 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in her PAJAMAS Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil as family label her actions unforgivable' Crocodile safaris, kangaroo for dinner and only wallabies for company: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' remote luxury outback love nest 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Hidden message? 'People can't tell us apart!' Kim Zolciak, 39, admonishes Brielle, 20, after she jokes her mom 'looks 40' Brielle Biermann incited the wrath of her mom Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Loved-up couple  Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Kate Beckinsale keeps it casual in tight black leggings as she showcases her svelte physique Rumored to be getting cozy with Jon Hamm  Sheer madness! Joanna Krupa reveals her toned stomach in body hugging black gown Turned heads on the red carpet  Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham sports long blonde hair as she spends the day with her daughter Sophia Had a big day in the Big Apple  Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in London ABS-olutely fabulous! Braless Miley Cyrus highlights her svelte figure in crop top with shorts and denim jacket Flashed her flat stomach in a white crop top Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has made him a 'changed man' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with tradition by donning a wedding ring James, 41, has donned a gold band to show his devotion  Scott Disick, 34, cuddles up to topless Australian model, 21, as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Where the bloody hell was she? Lara Bingle 'arrives 45 minutes late' to Tiffany & Co. launch in before 'clocking off and refusing to speak to journalists' Those boots aren't made for walking! Iggy Azalea showcases some VERY extravagant floral thigh-highs in a plunging silky white gown  Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Spotted in Hollywood  Classic LBD with a twist! Zendaya wows in black dress with pearl detailing for Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The 20-year-old stepped out in an elegant gown  Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Teen Mom OG's Ryan Edwards checks into rehab... after ex Maci Bookout revealed she was terrified he might OD He is doing well  'I've been let go!' Kevin Can Wait star Erinn Hayes dropped from second season as Leah Remini joins the cast Will not be returning for the second season  Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she spends the day with friends The Bad Liar beauty is visiting the East Coast Ariana Grande 'set to perform tear-jerking duet of Where Is The Love? with The Black Eyed Peas' at star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan They just spent last week in Mexico together 'Night Time!' Lindsay Lohan wears an unzipped dress as she poses atop her bed for saucy Instagram snap Shared a provocative picture 'Seal found your musical G-spot!' Delta Goodrem bursts into laughter at Boy George's VERY risqué joke during The Voice Australia live  Controversial remark Former Australian Bachelor contestant Tiffany Scanlon showcases her taut abs in a tiny red bikini as she reveals the secret behind her new six pack 'I went from eating at the White House to sleeping in the bushes': Child star Willie Aames reveals his 'stupid decisions' led to him losing everything 'She was standing there and I fell in love': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out their $6.4million country estate... because 'the roof colors don't match' Have halted work I want candy! Angelina Jolie treats kids Shiloh and Vivian to roller skating as daughter Zahara is seen with giant box of Hot Tamales Doting mother  Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills She oozed style  'Lost for words but currently safe': Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jessica Origliasso are in lockdown as they're caught in the middle of London terror attack 'Getting into her zone': Coco Austin takes daughter Chanel, one, to Ice-T's concert... and dances along backstage Attended her husband Ice-T's concert Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony  'He is not feeling great': An exhausted Scott Disick returns to Los Angeles after a raucous week of partying as it's claimed he's 'ready to shape up' Now that's an arrival! Ice-T and Coco Austin are MOBBED by fans as they jet into Sydney with daughter Chanel They have both arrived in Australia  Ready for summer! Reese Witherspoon looks girly in gingham as she enjoys a day of shopping with husband Jim Married for six years Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Tied the knot to the TBS executive  Baby on the way! Mad Men's Ben Feldman's wife Michelle Mulitz reveals her bump on the red carpet Attended the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' A 63-year-old beauty  'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat Known as the gorgeous blonde heiress 'I proposed to the love of my life': Former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Troy Aikman gets engaged to girlfriend Capa Mooty Alexandra Daddario keeps low profile in baggy ensemble after enjoying a tiki cruise with friends Looked a little worse for wear 'They've gotten even closer': Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk speak 'several times a day' as actor works away from home following daughter's birth 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Superstar bared-all for video  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball Oscar winner did not disappoint  'Think she's fond of my leg hair?' Bella Thorne's kitten snuggles into teen's unshaven pins Took to Instagram to announce that she had fallen ill GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since Big birthday bash  Just do it! Bella Hadid flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms The 20-year-old stepped out for a work commitment  Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul can't keep his hands of wife Lauren Parsekian as they pack on the PDA while he films new movie in Italy That's Amore Priyanka Chopra reveals her svelte physique in a polka dot sundress at the Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Finished her promo tour for Baywatch Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Unhappy  Christie's girl! Sailor Brinkley-Cook lets her natural beauty shine as she poses for magazine Let her natural radiance shine through for the latest issue 'We all might just make out': Orange Is The New Black star Yael Stone outlines VERY raunchy Wentworth crossover Lust-driven outline for a spin-off 'Beach bound!' Kim Zolciak shows off impressive figure on family Bahamas vacation... as brave son Kash helps stray one month after dog attack Night and day! Emma Roberts is transformed as she steps out in costume while filming Little Italy The beauty was clad in a patent leather black coat Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel 'This goes down as a classic': Lupita Nyong'o raves over new Wonder Woman movie in heartfelt review She wholeheartedly agrees Justin Bieber jets into Germany clutching onto his skateboard ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester benefit concert 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  'I was probably self-medicating: Kiwi singer Lorde reveals she went through a bout of heavy drinking after breaking up with ex-boyfriend White hot! Nicole Murphy puts her ample assets on display in low-cut frock for Women of Excellence Awards Gala Graced the red carpet  'Obsessed!' Heather Morris and son Owen tuck in as they celebrate National Donut Day May still be reeling from her baffling elimination from DWTS Plait looks fun! Bella Thorne rocks tiny shorts and braids as she steps out with her party posse She was seen with her rumored on again boyfriend Gregg Sulkin  Horsing around! Nicky Hilton Rothschild wows in green silk dress at Veuve Cliquot Polo Classic Kendall Jenner was also there Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Gregg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs Thousands of fans lined the streets of Macon Disgraced Josh Duggar makes return to social media in post celebrating his four-year-old son Marcus' birthday two years after sex scandal Flaunting her Cannes tan! Bella Hadid showcases her endless legs in shorts and cut-out top during photoshoot Strutted her stuff  Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills Is she trying to get her sister in trouble? Heidi Klum, 43, stuns in a simple maxidress as she leaves Mykonos with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, after soaking up the sun on the Greek island Tanned and relaxed Wild things! Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail share images from their honeymoon safari in Rwanda The loved up couple hared a slew of shots  No sunburn for her! Nicole Kidman keeps her pale skin under cover in a long-sleeved dress at Veuve Clicquot's Polo Classic at Liberty State Park 9021-whoah! Rachel McCord (almost) bares all in a VERY daring embellished jacket as she attends the Hollywood premiere of All About The Money Move over Kim! Kris Jenner, 61, wears see-through lace top and bra for dinner outing with Jada Pinkett Smith Flaunted her incredible figure  Proud to be in the pink: It's the color which used to make feminists see red - but now today's top women dress in Millennial Pink to signal empowerment  Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she picks up daughter Violet, 11, from school in navy shift dress... after ex Ben Affleck finally moves belongings out  We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and her recently rekindled flame Bryan Tanaka put on an amorous display at a dinner date  Couldn't be separated  EXCLUSIVE: Actor Alan Cummings is pleading for the release of his former chimpanzee co-star Tonka from 'cockroach-infested' primate foundation  Naughty and nice! Sophia Bush shows off her cleavage in a flirty lace dress at film festival gala in Connecticut  Pamela Anderson shows off her famous curves in a white bardot dress during  post-dinner walk with a male friend in St Tropez Fabulous in France  Just like dad! Tom Brady brings mini me son Jack to charity football game The 39-year-old NFL superstar looked every bit the proud father  'I sit there in awe': Seal reveals his 'deep affection' for The Voice co-star Delta Goodrem after announcing he 'loved' her The Voice Australia stars She's a City Girl! Rosario Dawson joins creator Sarah Ramos and Busy Philipps for a table read of Internet hit Three actresses couldn't stop smiling  'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Manchester gets ready to rock and remember: Final preparations under way for tomorrow night's One Love benefit concert at Old Trafford  Just a day away  'We wouldn't have made the same choice': Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins admits her 'heart sank' when Gal Gadot was originally cast Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event Is that you Elle? Reese Witherspoon channels her ditzy Legally Blonde character in vibrant pink summer dress from her very own range 'This is the scariest building I've ever seen! WTF goes on inside?' Tom Hanks posts a photo of mysterious almost windowless Manhattan tower  Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style Both of Bill Cosby's 'wives' will be at trial: Disgraced comedian's real-life partner of 50 years Camille and his TV spouse Phylicia Rashad will be in court  Pretty Little Liar star Ashley Benson goes braless as she reveals midriff in crop top while out in Beverly Hills Rocked the revealing ensemble  Coyote ugly! Kanye West wants to design Calabasas High School sports uniforms... but only if he can rename them the Wolves Joanna Krupa puts on a busty display in plunging white playsuit as she enjoys dinner in West Hollywood She recently split from husband Romain Zago Queen of green! Hailey Baldwin catches the eye in a quirky emerald tracksuit and stiletto heels as she steps out for coffee Cut a confident look Sudden departure! Stylish Justin Theroux leaves NY for LA ahead of The Leftovers final ever episode The 45-year-old cut a stylish traveler look Check mate! Lindsay Lohan blows a kiss as she dines out in stylish monochrome jacket... after admitting she 'misses' her Hollywood lifestyle Make-up free Julianne Moore cuts a casual figure as she rocks pajama couture in rare outing with husband Stepped out for lunch in New York 'I am basically a witch': Lorde reveals fascination with witchcraft as singer claims she has connected with the ghost of David Bowie Sheer perfection! The Mummy star Annabelle Wallis reveals her bra in a daring see-through top as she dines out in London Flashed her toned body He's scored! Proud Kim Sears celebrates husband Andy Murray's win against Juan Martin Del Potro at French Open Putting in the leg work! Alessandra Ambrosio catches the eye in thigh-skimming minidress as she attends Madrid fashion launch Turning heads in Spain  Bruce Springsteen's showjumping daughter Jessica displays her equestrian skills as she competes at the Athina Onassis Horse Show in St Tropez Black is the New Orange: Ruby Rose cuts a low-key figure as she touches down in London in a sombre hoodie and shades All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Lottie Moss displays her enviably toned pins in ruffled floral romper as she enjoys night out with Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer 'There's a place for outright silliness right now': Comedian Steve Carell says moviegoers need a balance of lighthearted comedy and reality  Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Goddess in green! Isla Fisher cuts a chic figure in emerald leather-look jacket as she speaks at Children's Book and Author breakfast in New York Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am claims reports Fergie left the group are 'lies' and says she's focusing on solo work False rumors  Right on Target! Halsey dons a blue wig as she surprises diehard fans with impromptu meet-and-greet at LA store Blending in with the locals! Kelly Rowland sports camouflage jacket as she spends day in Sydney with family and husband Tim Weatherspoon Revealed: The full list of 100 super-rich British stars in $900million tax relief scheme includes The Beckhams, Robbie Williams, and Geri Halliwell Changing seasons! Lily Aldridge switches up summery red dress for fall pantsuit for Vogue shoot in New York Wowed in a hot-weather dress  Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour  I feel like a rock star after meeting Ariana Grande, says eight-year-old bomb victim who was visited in hospital by pop star and Prince William From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Climate change could kill off coastal nesting birds: Study finds some species can't adapt to rising sea levels 54 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu ON THE WAY HOME Walmart is turning its employees into delivery drivers to compete with Amazon Written by Oliver Staley June 01, 2017 Walmart has 6,100 trucks, and it plans to use them. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Share Written by Oliver Staley June 01, 2017 Walmart, which is aggressively investing in e-commerce to better compete with Amazon, is unveiling a new strategy: turning its army of 1.5 million US employees into delivery drivers. The tactic is being tested at three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas, and designed to shave costs out of the “last mile” of distribution, the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. The initiative was announced today (June 1) at Walmart’s headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas, and in a blog post by Marc Lore, who heads e-commerce operations for Walmart. Lore is the former CEO of e-commerce startup Jet.com, which was acquired last year by Walmart for $3.5 billion to take on Amazon. Under the initiative, store employees will be given the option to deliver packages on their way home after work, in exchange for extra pay. They’ll be given an app that allows them to input their routes, and an algorithm will plot the most efficient path. To take part, the employees will have to pass a background and vehicle check. In the pilot, most merchandise was delivered the day after the order was placed, beating Walmart’s pledge of second-day delivery. Walmart’s digital strategy relies on leveraging its enormous investments in infrastructure and employees. The company has 4,700 US stores and 6,100 trucks, and it hopes to be able to use those assets to narrow the gap with Amazon. Walmart is rolling out a grocery pick-up service, where online orders are delivered to customers’ cars, and is testing other ways of combining online shopping with its physical stores. Walmart’s online deliveries are now shipped from its warehouses to online fulfillment centers, then taken to customers by couriers like UPS and FedEx, sometimes hundreds of miles. Under the new plan, e-commerce goods would be shipped by Walmart’s fleet of trucks to stores, then the last mile by employees. If there aren’t enough employees available, Walmart will use normal couriers. By deputizing its associates as delivery drivers, Walmart may be signaling the end of its experiment of using Lyft and Uber drivers as couriers. “This is very different from crowd-sourced delivery,” Lore said in Bentonville. “It pulls out a tremendous amount of time from that last mile, which pulls out a tremendous amount of cost.” Most Popular Open-minded people have a different visual perception of reality Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart testing use of employees to offer final mile delivery on Jet and Walmart.com orders BusinessLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 3 days ago 777 views  Tags: final mile delivery Wal-Mart 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart announced Thursday (June 1) it has for the past month tested a final mile service for online orders of general merchandise from Jet.com and Walmart.com using store employees to make the deliveries on their way home from work. One store in Northwest Arkansas and two and in New Jersey were used to conduct the tests for about four weeks. They delivered dozens of packages to customer homes, most often the day after they were ordered online, according to Ravi Jariwalla, corporate spokesman for Walmart U.S. e-commerce. Jariwalla did not say how much the employees earn for opting into this service, but he did say it’s added pay they can earn while driving home on their normal route. The employees have the choice to participate, but everyone who is chosen for the final mile tasks must pass a background check and their driving record is also reviewed. Employees may choose the days they want to deliver, the size and weight of the packages and how many deliveries they want to make. Wal-Mart has created an algorithm that overlaps employee addresses with delivery destinations on customer orders. The company said an employee will not be asked to drive out of their way to deliver a package. “Think about where our associates live and it’s very close to where the orders are coming from creating a web optimized for final mile,” Jariwalla said. He said Wal-Mart is using its trucks to move the online orders from fulfillment centers to the store, then using participating employees to run the final delivery leg. He said it’s taking costs and time out of the supply chain and employees are able to earn extra money in the process. Final mile is the most expensive leg of the the supply chain and Jariwala said the company has made dozens of deliveries and the majority of the orders arrive the next day, even faster than the two-day guaranteed free delivery on orders over $35. Just last year Wal-Mart announced it was piloting the use of Lyft and Uber to facilitate grocery delivery in select markets. Jariwalla said those test are ongoing, and the new final mile option is for general merchandise only. “Associates are fully in control of their experience. … We allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery,” he said. When asked about how long it might take for the retailer to roll out this service, he said they are still in the trial phase and it’s too early to discuss a roll out. Given Wal-Mart’s store footprint of almost 4,700 stores and 1.5 million employees combined with the 10-mile proximity most customers have to a Walmart store, it’s possible the idea of employee delivery could help with the final mile dilemma faced by retailers. “The response from our associates and customers has been great. An unexpected benefit for our associates is that many of them have found quicker routes home thanks to the GPS built into the app,” Jariwalla said. He said the company continues to test different processes as it strives to offer customers savings and convenience. He said the pick-up discount recently announced is about saving customers’ money, but for others the home delivery is about convenience. Walmart is uniquely positioned to offer this service, Jariwalla said. “Wal-Mart feels very different on June 1 than it did on January 1. … Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore will talk more about this final mile delivery test,” he said. Following is the complete – and unedited – message Lore posted Thursday. Leveraging our Strengths and Assets to Serve Customers in New Ways: Walmart Begins Testing Associate Delivery The best innovations are the ones that truly help customers save time and money. We’re doing a lot of both. Online Grocery Pickup and two-day free shipping are saving people tons of time, and our new Pickup Discount is using our massive fleet of trucks to get online orders to stores where customers can pick up items for an additional discount and save even more money. Now, our latest test is taking this another step further and leveraging one of our greatest assets – our associates – to get online orders to customers’ doors. Why is that a big deal? Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business. It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home. Associates are fully in control of their experience. If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences. Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time. We also allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer. We’re starting small with three test stores – two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas – but the response from associates and customers has been great. Many orders are being delivered the next day, and associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine. An unexpected benefit is they’re finding quicker routes home thanks to the GPS built into our proprietary app. This last-mile innovation is one of a kind. Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages. Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head towards home. What I’m most proud of is how all areas of Walmart, from e-commerce to store operations to supply chain, came together to innovate rapidly for our customers – and in a way that puts our associates in control. I’m sure you can imagine how we can leverage these types of last-mile innovations in the future to deliver items offered in our stores to customers the same day. I’m excited to continue exploring more ways to bring our digital and physical strengths together to serve customers. Comments comments Previous post Metro Appliances opens new location in Lowell Next post Residential sector has 52% of small solar power generators Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget 2 hours ago Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation 8 hours ago Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 12 hours ago Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission 13 hours ago Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate 13 hours ago Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 2,125 views Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,123 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,955 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,601 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,433 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us

Skip to main content Login Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Duluth temps drop 27 degrees in 21 minutes Virginia's Olcott Park fountain to be restored Monday's weather for Duluth and the Northland: Cooler near the lake With sunny skies, airshow sees strong attendance Duluth EPA lab turns 50: Low profile, high outcome science mostly behind the scenes More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines Fourth Street businesses waiting out construction The Memo: What to know in business this week for June 5 Property Transactions for May 25-31 Biz Buzz How an experiment turned Canadian farmers into cooking oil kings More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines Prep tennis: Duluth East hopes its depth pays off in Class AA state tournament Huskies sting Willmar in 11 innings Dufner roars back to win Memorial by three strokes Kim wins ShopRite title with steady final round Johnson earns 83rd career victory, ties Yarborough More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines Swoops of color to brighten your day: Proctor woman shares love of rosemaling Samantha Irby takes off on 'Real Life' in return Readings & Writers for June 4, 2017 Heartland Indie Best-sellers for June 2, 2017 Couple creates a cupboard bed for grandson More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Robert and Lois Mix Happy Birthday, Shirl! Marvin and Jean Peterson Larson-Privette Braxton Paul William Langenbrunner More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines James E. Lind Timothy R. Love Betty Lorain Anderson Soltau Walter Zivkovich John Leonard Barber, Sr. More Topics memorials opinion Headlines Straight A's aren’t necessary to graduate with honors Reader's view: Check facts before bashing mining Reader's view: Sadly, fears over traveling are justified Reader's view: Know right from wrong even as times change Reader's view: Untrained people with guns erodes safety More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines Field Reports: Student trapshooters will compete at championships this week Strong steelhead, Kamloops runs on North Shore To ride the Divide: Duluth-area mountain bikers taking on an epic challenge this summer Minnow matriarch: Sue Chalstrom retires after 36 years of keeping fishing customers happy Houston's fishing report: River fish are hungry More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Looking for dad stories Make a Difference Rec Sports Mentor Duluth Snapshot More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Why Walmart is asking its employees to deliver packages on their way home from work By Washington Post on Jun 1, 2017 at 1:26 p.m. FILE PHOTO - A Walmart store is seen in Encinitas, California, U.S. on April 13, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Walmart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. "It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores - two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas - but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. "There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Jariwala said Walmart employees have delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. The announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company - long the country's largest retailer - has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 percent of the country's online sales. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Walmart announced it would partner with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts are ongoing, Jariwala said. Walmart's move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program is voluntary for Walmart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." Explore related topics:BusinessWalmartAmazonPackagesDeliveryBusinessWashington Post Advertisement Latest Prep tennis: Duluth East hopes its depth pays off in Class AA state tournament45 min ago Huskies sting Willmar in 11 innings45 min ago Duluth temps drop 27 degrees in 21 minutes2 hours ago Dufner roars back to win Memorial by three strokes2 hours ago Straight A's aren’t necessary to graduate with honors2 hours ago Virginia's Olcott Park fountain to be restored2 hours ago Fourth Street businesses waiting out construction2 hours ago The Memo: What to know in business this week for June 53 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Can You Drop This Off on Your Way Home? Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Google's New London HQ to Have a Basketball Court and Roof Trail 1 hour ago Array 0 `Wonder Woman' Sets Out on Her Quest to Transform Hollywood 1 hour ago Array 0 Anna Rose Holmer Joins RSA, Anonymous Adds Green By Alexandra Jardine - 1 hour ago Array 0 Ezra Klein: Trump Is 'Recklessly, Impulsively Endangering His Own Presidency' By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 Can You Drop This Off on Your Way Home? Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago 0 Burger King Gives Up the 'King' in Its Name Following Belgian Royal Family Shenanigans By Ann-Christine Diaz - 3 hours ago 0 Microsoft Overhauls Skype for the Age of Snapchat 3 hours ago 0 Ezra Klein: Trump Is 'Recklessly, Impulsively Endangering His Own Presidency' By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 14 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Can You Drop This Off on Your Way Home? Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees By Jack Neff. Published on June 01, 2017. Meet your new Walmart delivery driver. Credit: Walmart Most Popular Walmart has a new idea for beating the high cost of shipping e-commerce packages – paying store employees to deliver them on their way home. The program aims at using one of Walmart's biggest assets – more than a million U.S. store employees – to help close its big e-commerce sales gap with Amazon. Walmart has more than 4,700 stores, putting potential delivery nodes within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. In a test that launched a month ago in two stores in New Jersey and one in Northwest Arkansas, employees can opt in to deliver packages on their way home for extra pay. They use an app that offers opportunities to deliver up to 10 packages per commute. In a news conference in Bentonville on Thursday, spokesman Ravi Jariwala said the program is entirely voluntary. He declined to specify the pay, but said finding the right compensation is part of the test. And he said the retailer will comply with all applicable state and federal labor laws, such as those covering overtime. "It just makes sense," said Walmart E-Commerce chief Marc Lore in a blog post. "We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating employee can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." Related Stories Walmart's E-Commerce Surge and Other Takeaways for Brands Four Things to Expect from Walmart's Shareholder Week Walmart e-commerce is on a roll, with eye-popping 63% sales growth last quarter -- more than half of it organically from the legacy Walmart.com business rather than Jet.com acquired last September. Dropping the annual membership fee for free two-day delivery and offering discounts for picking up products in store have fueled that growth. But those things also add costs to an e-commerce business that has yet to make a profit. Employees will wear their vests during the home commute/delivery trip and knock on doors of recipients, Jariwala said. If they're not home, employees will leave the package on the doorstep and take photos with their phones as proof of delivery. Employees who volunteer for the program will get background and motor-vehicle safety checks. Walmart previously has considered having customers deliver e-commerce packages -- but having employees do the same thing adds an extra element of control. Walmart also continues tests launched last year in Phoenix and Denver with Uber and Lyft to have their drivers deliver its packages to homes. But unlike "crowdsourced solutions" where drivers have to go out of their way to pick up and then deliver the packages, Lore noted that Walmart employees start from the shipping site and will be using routes that don't take them out of the way. "I'm sure you can imagine how we can leverage these types of last-mile innovations in the future to deliver items offered in our stores to customers the same day," Lore said. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Digital Retail Shopper Marketing Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com Official Rules: Memphis Air Show Tickets About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 2017-06-01T17:26:48Z2017-06-01T17:26:48Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart says it's testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while they are driving home from their work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. It's the company's latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon. Walmart says it has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, says imagine all the routes employees drive to and from work, "and the houses they pass along the way." Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> MLGW crews work to restore power to remaining 2,900 customers MLGW crews work to restore power to remaining 2,900 customers Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:02 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:02:32 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) MLGW crews, along with out of state crews, are working around the clock to get the lights back on for the thousands of people who lost power more than one week ago.  More >> MLGW crews, along with out of state crews, are working around the clock to get the lights back on for the thousands of people who lost power more than one week ago. More >> St. Jude celebrates 2017 high school graduates, patients St. Jude celebrates 2017 high school graduates, patients Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 11:20 PM EDT2017-06-05 03:20:20 GMT (Source: St. Jude) Fourteen high school seniors were honored as the St. Jude School Program celebrated its annual high school commencement with an on-campus ceremony.    More >> Fourteen high school seniors were honored as the St. Jude School Program celebrated its annual high school commencement with an on-campus ceremony.   More >> 1 found dead following drive-by shooting overnight 1 found dead following drive-by shooting overnight Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 11:19 PM EDT2017-06-05 03:19:14 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Memphis Police Department responded to a drive-by shooting that happened in the 4000 block of Westmont Road on Sunday morning. More >> Memphis Police Department responded to a drive-by shooting that happened in the 4000 block of Westmont Road on Sunday morning.More >> Collierville High graduate dies after being hit by car in Little Rock Collierville High graduate dies after being hit by car in Little Rock Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 11:16 PM EDT2017-06-05 03:16:22 GMT Christopher Dufour (Source: Sigma Chi Fraternity-Iota Iota Chapter - University of Alabama) A 20-year-old college student from Collierville, TN was hit by a car and killed in North Little Rock on Friday night. More >> A 20-year-old college student from Collierville, TN was hit by a car and killed in North Little Rock on Friday night.More >> Suspect surrenders after Frayser standoff; initially wanted for ramming MPD cars Suspect surrenders after Frayser standoff; initially wanted for ramming MPD cars Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:59 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:59:47 GMT The man who barricaded himself inside a Frayser apartment complex for a few hours Sunday afternoon is now in police custody. More >> The man who barricaded himself inside a Frayser apartment complex for a few hours Sunday afternoon is now in police custody. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:14 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of online orders in Arkansas, N.J. By The Associated Press This article was published June 1, 2017 at 1:03 p.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY MORNING NEWS A sign is seen outside Wal-Mart headquarters in Bentonville in this 2012 file photo. BENTONVILLE — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Wal-Mart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer said workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Wa-Mart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Wa-Mart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. Read Friday's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for full details. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News Arkansas high school band director found guil... 21-year-old arrested after Arkansas bar fight... Father charged in child abuse death of 1-mont... EXPLORE INSIDE: Interactive photos show Arkan... Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of o... 3rd suspect in fatal shooting at Arkansas par... Little Rock man, 37, killed when car veers of... 3 from Arkansas universities on ballot for Co... Burglar breaks Little Rock liquor store door,... More Latest News stories > Comments on: Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of online orders in Arkansas, N.J. To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 116 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart tests store employee delivery of online orders Walmart’s own store employees will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts Post to Facebook Walmart tests store employee delivery of online orders Walmart’s own store employees will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2ruKKk6 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart tests store employee delivery of online orders Christopher S. Rugaber, Associated Press 1:35 p.m. ET June 1, 2017 In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. (Photo: Saul Loeb / Getty Images) 116 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Bentonville, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. 116 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2ruKKk6 TOP VIDEOS Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   A machete lies on the ground. (Hristo Uzunov/Shutterstock)    Teen Girl Accused Of Hacking Chicago Uber Driver To Death In Unprovoked Attack Will Racke 1:54 PM 06/01/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP A teenage girl from Chicago has been charged with the gruesome slaying of an Uber driver, whom she allegedly stabbed to death with a knife and machete she stole from Walmart just minutes before the unprovoked attack. Eliza Wasni, 16, was charged Wednesday afternoon with the murder of Grant Nelson, a 34-year-old man from suburban Wilmette. A Cook County judge ordered her held without bail for an act prosecutors called “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner,” the Chicago Tribune reported. Police say that Nelson had picked up Wasni early Tuesday a few blocks from a Walmart in the nearby town of Skokie. Minutes into the ride, she began stabbing him from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and escape to a condominium building lobby, where he pleaded with bystanders for assistance. “Help me, help me. I’m going to die,” he said, according to Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham. While Nelson bled out in the condo lobby, prosecutors say, Wasni took off in his car, immediately crashed into a median, and fled on foot. She was found nearby wearing only a bra and leggings, with a trail of blood leading responding officers to the condominium lobby where Nelson lay. The Uber driver, who prosecutors say was a “random victim,” was able to describe Wasni to police but later died at a nearby hospital. During Wasni’s hearing, Nelson’s family members sobbed when prosecutors described him begging for help in the lobby before he was found on the ground outside in a pool of blood, reports the Tribune. Surveillance video footage from Walmart showed Wasni walking around the store with a knife and machete and then leaving without paying for them, according to Cunningham. The teenager took two Uber rides before hailing Nelson near the Walmart, apparently in violation of a company policy that requires riders to be at least 18 years old. An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement Wednesday the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Cook County Judge Michael Hood ordered Wasni to be held without bail, and prosecutors are charging the 16-year-old as an adult with first-degree murder. Follow Will on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Chicago, Cook County Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Southeastern's season comes to an end following loss to Rice Mayor Landrieu expresses support for NOPD after most violent day of the year Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 2017-06-02T04:24:12Z2017-06-02T04:24:12Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the "last mile" - "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Run, Hide, Tell? London attack response likely saved lives Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:16 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:16 GMT As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> As reports of stabbings in a popular London nightspot started flowing in late Saturday, police sent out a tweet warning people in the area to run, hide and then call authorities.More >> Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Things to know about Ohio police shooting retrial Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:13 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:13 GMT Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Testimony is expected to begin this week in the murder retrial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black motorist during a 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati.More >> Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Solo climber is 1st up mighty California rock without ropes Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:12 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:12 GMT An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> An elite rock climber has become the first to climb alone to the top of the massive granite wall known as El Capitan in Yosemite National Park without ropes or safety gear.More >> Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Quickly reporting cancer complications may boost survival Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:10 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:12:10 GMT A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> A study finds that having cancer patients use home computers to report problems like nausea and fatigue surprisingly improved survival, by almost half a year.More >> In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a balancing act In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a balancing act Posted: Monday, June 5 2017 12:11 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:11:48 GMT Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:11 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:11:48 GMT Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is in the middle of a balancing act as he tries to win a nationally watched special election in a traditionally conservative Georgia House district.More >> Democratic congressional candidate Jon Ossoff is in the middle of a balancing act as he tries to win a nationally watched special election in a traditionally conservative Georgia House district.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 74° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Showers and thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms early, then cloudy skies after midnight. Low 69F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013, file photo, two Wal-Mart employees walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) AP Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 (…) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013, file photo, two Wal-Mart employees walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) BENTONVILLE, Ark. • In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees to deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News View (…) comments Most popular Dogtown apartments, grocery store move ahead St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Study says investors could lose big if Trump administration deep-sixes 'fiduciary rule' Taxi agency trims fees, loosens rules to help St. Louis cabs compete with Uber, Lyft More than dozen St. Louis area Chipotle restaurants affected by hacking incident Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Lambert trying to lure European flights with help of St. Louis County Port Authority Eyes on Centene to fill void after Obamacare insurer bails on parts of Missouri St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Exxon vote shows disappearing line between social and economic issues 5 tips for millennials who want to buy a house and keep their avocado toast Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your Father something cool! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware BREAKING NEWS Multi-vehicle crash closes I-95 NB near exit 10 in Tinicum Twp. Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS Shelter-in-place issued after prisoner escapes in Bucks Co. Full Story Email share share tweet email TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging U.S. & World Politics Sports Entertainment Community News 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Multi-vehicle crash closes I-95 NB near exit 10 in Tinicum Twp. Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS Shelter-in-place issued after prisoner escapes in Bucks Co. Full Story Email share share tweet email NEWS 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Illinois Uber driver to death Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=2061112" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Illinois Uber driver to death. Sharrie Williams reports during Action News at 4:30 p.m. on June 1, 2017. (WPVI) AP Thursday, June 01, 2017 06:03PM LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. -- A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=2060809" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Illinois Uber driver to death. Watch the report from June 1, 2017. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehiclewith blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trail of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner - a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. ---------- Send a breaking news alert Report a correction or typo Learn more about the 6abc apps Related Topics: newsu.s. & worldubermurderteenagermacheteIllinois Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Police: Driver loses control, crashes in SW Philadelphia yard Bear tranquilized, then fell asleep in tree in Bucks County Man hospitalized after house fire in Feasterville Young man and woman shot, killed inside car in East Mt. Airy Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control system More News Top Stories Shelter-in-place issued after prisoner escapes in Bucks Co. Multi-vehicle crash closes I-95 NB near exit 10 in Tinicum Twp. Young man and woman shot, killed inside car in East Mt. Airy NJ-based Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Fire destroys home in South Philadelphia Suspect charged in stabbing of Councilman David Oh 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Show More Bear tranquilized, then fell asleep in tree in Bucks County Fire damages 3 homes in Wilmington NJ nuclear plant warns of planned emergency siren test Fetal Surgery Family Reunion at CHOP AccuWeather: T'Storms Likely Monday More News Top Video 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack NJ nuclear plant warns of planned emergency siren test Fetal Surgery Family Reunion at CHOP Bear tranquilized, then fell asleep in tree in Bucks County More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging U.S. & World Politics Sports Entertainment Community News 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart testing store employee… Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER June 1, 2017 4:14 pm 3 min read Share BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Related Topics Business News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart testing store employee… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 73° Low 68° High 82° Fayetteville 69° Low 64° High 77° Bentonville 68° Low 66° High 80° See complete forecast Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery Posted 12:20 pm, June 1, 2017, by Jordan Tidwell, Updated at 07:04PM, June 1, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video BENTONVILLE (KFSM) -- Walmart announced on Thursday (June 1) that they will begin testing associate delivery. This announcement comes during a Role of Digital at Walmart meeting during Walmart Shareholders Week. The new delivery system will get online orders to customers' doors using Walmart associates. Walmart said the test program will cut shipping costs and get the packages to their destinations faster. President and CEO of Walmart E-Commerce Marc Lore said this program is optional for the associates. "Imagine hundreds of associates they live all around different neighborhoods around the Walmart,” he said. "We take the packages and say okay this associate lives over here and they're going to drive this way. Here's one one along the route." Delivery trucks will be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, where an associate can sign up to deliver the items to the customer's house. Walmart spokesperson Danit Marquardt said this gives associates a way to earn extra income on their drive home. With this test program, most packages are delivered the day after the customer places the order. Amazon has something similar, as they offer same-day delivery services in a lot of locations across the country. “This is, you know, an interesting test and a great test that we are doing to ultimately leverage our unique assets including our stores, our fulfillment networks and our group of associates,” she said. Associates will be able to choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of each package and which days they are able to make deliveries. Walmart developed an app for this that allows the associates to put in their address and it gives them packages they can deliver on their commute route. “Imagine in the future the possibilities once this network is built out,” Lore said. "It allows people to deliver products that are already in the store, fresh or whatever the same day to customers." Walmart is testing this delivery system in three stores, two in New Jersey and one in Northwest Arkansas. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Ada Man Shot Dead While Allegedly Trying To Drown Twins Missing Arkansas Man’s Dismembered Body Found Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Professional Angler Gives Fishing Tips For Free Fishing Days 15-Year-Old Business Owner Opens Her Doors Ariana Grande Holds Benefit Concert In Wake Of Terror Attacks VIDEO: Dave Van Horn Recaps Win Over Oral Roberts News 47th Annual Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings Thousands To Bud Walton Arena News Walmart Offers Differential Pay To Military Associates News Walmart Cuts About 300 Jobs From Tech Division News Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event News Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings More Business News Delivery Robots Are Being Tested On U of A Campus News Walmart Shows Appreciation To Moms With Walmart Beauty Boxes News Thousands Head To Bud Walton For Walmart Shareholders Meeting News Walmart: Woman Filmed Making Racist Comments Banned From Shopping In Store News Local Food Pantry Gets Major Food Donation From Walmart Shareholders Week News Walmart App Updates Roll Out Quicker, Easier Process For Pharmacy, Money Services Customers News UPS Unveils Saturday Delivery — And 6,000 New Jobs News Walmart Celebrates Everyone’s Birthday With Free Cupcakes For All Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Retail Search Search aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps CybersecurityBritain PM Theresa May Calls to ‘Regulate Cyberspace’ And Critics Are Going Ballistic E-commerce Walmart Recruits Its Store Workers to Make Deliveries on Their Drive Home Phil Wahba Jun 01, 2017 Walmart (wmt) has lined up new soldiers in the delivery wars with Amazon.com (amzn): Its own store workers. The discount giant is testing home delivery of some orders by Walmart associates heading home for the day in their own cars, offering them extra pay and the ability to opt in our out at will, the head of Walmart U.S.' e-commerce Marc Lore said in a blog post on Thursday. The delivery destinations will be close to where a worker lives or on the way to that person's home. The idea is to have yet another option for completing the so-called last mile in a delivery—the portion between a store or distribution center and the customer's home that is by far the costliest part of delivery-- and increase speed as well as lower costs for Walmart. There is a Walmart store within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population, "Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business," Lore said in the post. So far, the test, begun in April, is at two Walmart locations in New Jersey, where the company's Jet.com subsidiary is based, and in Northwest Arkansas where Wal-Mart Stores is headquartered and has involved only a few hundred orders. Those involve home delivery of general merchandise, which can include dry foods but not fresh or refrigerated items. (The company is testing out home grocery delivery in two markets—Denver and Phoenix—with Uber, but is largely focusing on drive-by pick up for fresh and refrigerated food orders.) Crucially, those orders have typically been for next-day delivery, said Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. That is no small matter at a time Amazon is working on its own ways to speed up delivery, including opening up physical stores and testing the use of drones, moves likely to soon make next day delivery as basic a service as two-day delivery is now. The test comes on the heels of other moves by Walmart to improve delivery since Lore, who sold Jet.com to Walmart for $3 billion, took the reins of its U.S. online business last summer. Walmart recently gave customers an incentive to pick up online orders in stores by lowering the fees, passing on some of the shipping cost savings. And in January, it lowered its minimum threshold for free two-day delivery to $35, leading Amazon to make the rare move of following a competitor and lowering its own minimum. Walmart has also significantly beefed up its online marketplace, helping it clock 63% e-commerce growth last quarter. While Walmart declined to say whether participating store workers get paid a fee for the delivery or simply more for the extra hours, nor discuss potential insurance issues, it did say those associates would have complete discretion in choosing how many packages to delivery (though the limit will be 10 deliveries), their size and weight, and how far. Those workers have been given an app that allows them to make those specifications, and Walmart's routing algorithm assigns orders accordingly. Customers don't know when they place their order whether it will be delivered by couriers like FedEx, UPS or the U.S. Postal Service, or by Walmart, but store workers will be clad in their work clothes to make them identifiable. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News 7 sentenced use hacked credit cards to buy cigarettes Shares0 Thu, 1 Jun 2017-10:49pm , PTI Federal prosecutors said they encoded the credit card info onto gift cards, which they took to Walmart stores and bought genuine Walmart gift cards. Seven people are going to federal prison for using stolen credit card numbers and counterfeit gift cards to buy more than $1 million in cigarettes in North Carolina. The defendants then sold those cigarettes on the black market, completing a scheme that began with stolen credit information they obtained from overseas hackers. Federal prosecutors said they encoded the credit card info onto gift cards, which they took to Walmart stores and bought genuine Walmart gift cards. The genuine gift cards were then taken to Sam's Club stores to buy the cigarettes. A statement from US Attorney John Stuart Bruce says they received sentences of about 3 years to 12 years Wednesday after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering and aggravated identity theft. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Iran lashes out at US, Saudi for starting regional alliance against Tehran World London Terror Attack: 7 killed, 21 critical; 12 nabbed by UK police World Donald Trump believes in climate change: Nikki Haley World China: 1000 years old hidden temple found by archaeologists World Syria army takes Aleppo town from Islamic State World ISIS member British national Jihadi Jack nabbed in Syria Related Nawaz Sharif caught between Pak army and Saudi Arabia Iran lashes out at US, Saudi for starting regional alliance against Tehran Donald Trump believes in climate change: Nikki Haley Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags United States Walmart North Carolina Sam Club SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News South Korea will return four North Koreans "if they want to go back" Hamas leader in Cairo for talks with Egyptian officials China says 31 nationals detained in Zambia for illegal mining US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment 'We don't scare,' U.S. defence secretary Mattis says after London attack Sport Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Rugby-Patience needed for Australia's rookie coaches, says Byrne NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors take 2-0 lead over Cleveland Cavaliers SHOWCASE-Tennis-Alize Cornet v Caroline Garcia - player profiles Tennis-Murray takes on tricky Khachanov for a spot in last eight Entertainment Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Ariana Grande returns to Manchester stage for benefit show Salman Khan’s Tubelight will be screened in Germany Money Airlines' standoff in Venezuela getting worse as crisis deepens - IATA FOREX-Dollar nurses losses after downbeat US jobs data, pound edges lower World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain World Bank says trade, manufacturing to boost 2017 global growth Market rally rockets 55 firms to billion-dollar orbit Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart employees can now deliver your online orders on their way home from work Wal-Mart is testing an app that matches online order delivery addresses with its employees' driving routes home so the workers can deliver packages ordered online as they drive home. Participation in the program by the store staff is voluntary. The program is currently being tested in two New Jersey locations and one in Arkansas. Courtney Reagan | @CourtReagan Thursday, 1 Jun 2017 | 1:21 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Wal-Mart testing employee delivery program in 2 states    Thursday, 1 Jun 2017 | 1:25 PM ET | 01:20 Walmart.com and Jet.com shoppers in three U.S. cities now have a new delivery person, and it's not employees of one of the major shipping companies like FedEx or UPS or a delivery start-up like Instacart or Deliv. It's a Wal-Mart store employee. "Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages," said Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S., in a blog post for the retailer. It all works through a proprietary app the retailer built for this test. The app matches online order delivery addresses with employees' driving routes home from work, built to minimize any more driving than what the employee would do anyway to get home. Delivering is completely voluntary, and the employees can choose when they want to deliver, how many packages they can take and what size. "Once they're done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head towards home," Lore said. Wal-Mart compensates the employees for it but declined to elaborate how it works. The discount retailer said the test has only been in progress for a month but so far "hundreds" of deliveries have been completed in two locations in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. So far, "the response from associates and customers has been great," Lore said. Its locations and labor — some 4,700 U.S. stores with 1.3 million employees — are quite an asset that Lore has been working on further integrating with its digital operations. The retailer says 90 percent of the country's population live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. While the retailer does not provide a delivery cost breakdown, it's the last leg — commonly referred to as the "last mile" — that is the most expensive when it comes to fulfilling and shipping online orders. Consultant group McKinsey & Company estimates "the last mile" can sometimes be more than half of an item's total delivery cost. Last month, Wal-Mart Stores said it would offer shoppers a discount for 10,000 online-only orders that are picked up by shoppers in store rather than delivered to their homes. The discount, Marc Lore said, is "meant to be equivalent to what the last-mile delivery costs are," which in most cases averages to about a 4 percent discount per item. The store pickup option saves Wal-Mart delivery costs, which it passes on to shoppers in the form of discounts, but the new employees-as-delivery-service test does not offer shoppers a discount. Wal-Mart said the benefit is that most orders are delivered the next day. WATCH: An inside look at how Amazon Prime Now delivers food and household items in less than two hours show chapters An inside look at how Amazon Prime Now delivers food and household items in less than two hours    Saturday, 27 May 2017 | 9:00 AM ET | 01:57 Courtney ReaganCNBC Retail Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- UPS --- FDX --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null

Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:14 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Wal-Mart tests convenience store By Arkansas Democrat-Gazette This article was published June 1, 2017 at 3:00 a.m. NWA Democrat-Gazette/FLIP PUTTHOFF Customer John Craft (left) makes a purchase Jan. 31 with cashier Kendall Stewart at the Walmart convenience store near the Walmart Supercenter at Pleasant Crossing. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Stores Inc. unveiled a new convenience store in Rogers earlier this year, opening the doors to a building that features an expanded selection of food and drinks. The 2,500-square-foot building is the company's latest fuel station and convenience store concept, according to Ramnik Narsey, a senior vice president for Wal-Mart's U.S. fuel business. The retailer, based in Bentonville, spent about a year developing plans before building the convenience stores in Rogers and Crowley, Texas. The Rogers store, which is at the entrance of a Wal-Mart Supercenter, replaces a kiosk previously at the existing fuel station. The kiosk was manned by an employee and offered a small selection of convenience staples like candy, chips and soft drinks. But Narsey said feedback led the retailer to consider larger store formats the past few years. "Customers were asking us, 'Why don't you offer more?'" Narsey said. Wal-Mart has tested and considered a handful of convenience options in addition to the kiosks, but Narsey believes Wal-Mart has found a good fit with its latest pilot. The Rogers store offers a hot food bar where customers can grab paninis, nachos, hot dogs or sausages. There is a walk-in cooler stocked with domestic, imported and craft beer. The store also includes a soft-serve ice cream machine with multiple flavors. Wal-Mart has even stocked the store with a few grocery staples like milk, eggs, frozen meals and pizzas. In addition, pre-made sandwiches and salads are available. Wal-Mart hopes the variety will lead to more sales. Narsey said value and speed is the goal, offering customers the chance to grab a variety of items quickly and at Wal-Mart prices. "We'll do a little bit of fine-tuning as we go along and get feedback from customers about what they like, what they think we could do better," Narsey said. "But I think this is about the comfortable size." Wal-Mart is hoping to make a bigger push in a convenience store space, which enjoyed a strong year, according to the Association for Convenience and Fuel Retailing. The trade organization published the results of a survey in January in which 68 percent of convenience retailers said their fuel sales increased in 2016 and 63 percent said food sales increased. Brian Yarbrough, a retail analyst for Edward Jones, said it's difficult for convenience stores to make money on fuel. But Yarbrough said there's a good opportunity on the food side for Wal-Mart. "It's a model that works because you have the gas that drives consistent traffic and if you get them in the convenience store, it's very high margin stuff," Yarbrough said. "But for Wal-Mart, does it move the needle? You could spread a couple thousand across the U.S. and it's probably not going to move the needle because Wal-Mart's revenue base is so big." It's not unusual for Wal-Mart to test smaller-store formats. The company began opening Wal-Mart Express stores with an average size of 12,000 square feet in 2011, but decided to close 102 of them across the U.S last year. Wal-Mart also has opened college campus stores ranging from 3,000 to 5,000 square feet, although some of those have closed as well. There are other types of convenience store tests underway. Last year, the retailer began testing a concept called Wal-Mart Pickup and Fuel in Huntsville, Ala., and Thornton, Colo. In addition to fuel stations and convenience selections, customers also can order groceries online and pick them up at those stores the same day. "We're trying that as a combination," Narsey said. "Again, it's all about convenience." Joshua Nicholson, manager of the fuel station in Rogers, said 12 people will work the store. The store is open daily from 5 a.m until midnight, but the gas pumps will operate 24 hours a day. Like any test, Wal-Mart will decide whether to roll the convenience stores out to a larger audience based on results and customer feedback from Rogers and Crowley. But Nicholson believes there's a lot of opportunity in the format the retailer unveiled in Rogers. "We're just going to focus on our customers right now and take that feedback and go with that," Nicholson said. "But I think we'll do pretty well. I think our customers will be impressed." NW Business on 06/01/2017 Print Headline: Retailer tests convenience store Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Trump's team less hawkish on trade Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online... Wal-Mart tests convenience store Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Business news in brief On the Agenda BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas Comments on: Wal-Mart tests convenience store To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Companies Walmart uses virtual reality simulations to train and prepare its staff for Black Friday 200 Walmart Academy sites receive Oculus Rift VR headsets for customer care training. By Oliver Cragg June 1, 2017 17:27 BST Walmart has introduced virtual reality experiences to its employee training schemes.Getty Images US retail giant Walmart is prepping its employees for difficult customers and marquee sales events by strapping its staff into virtual reality training programmes. A total of 200 Walmart Academy training centres dotted around the country will receive an Oculus Rift device and a high-powered PC which will run a series of VR courses designed for trainee managers and customer service staff. With an estimated 150,000 employees graduating from Walmart's proving grounds every year, the training experiences, created by STRIVR Labs, are intended to be short, supplemental guides to customer care, with simple interactive elements. The experiences will be in 360-degree video format, with on-screen prompts tasking trainees with making decisions based on a variety of customer-focused or managerial scenarios - perhaps Walmart is hoping that angry customer avatars are just as demanding in the virtual world. The training schemes will also touch on seasonal sales extravaganzas such as the infamous annual price-slashing holiday, Black Friday. The VR content is expected to last between 30 seconds to five minutes, which is longer than anyone in the real world would want to be near a retail outlet during the manic Black Friday sales. "We don't do anything that is not a good use case for VR," STRIVR's CEO Derek Belcher told TechCrunch. "We have experiences for the lowest-level bagger all the way up to the store management." As well as Walmart, which began trialling STRIVR's VR experiences in January, the VR startup's team has also been involved in virtual training schemes for the University of Arkansas' American football team and has received interest from an unnamed "major" manufacturer from the automotive industry, among others. Belcher also told TechCrunch that Walmart is considering installing a virtual reality headset in its retail stores at a later date. The retail company, which owns UK supermarket chain Asda, boasts over 4,500 stores in the US. More from IBTimes UK Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices Thousands of smartphone apps have been found leaking your personal data Man jailed for not revealing iPhone passcode to police during child abuse investigation Related topics : Oculus Rift Virtual Reality VR Black Friday Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments2 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Flashlights sneakers: The ‘huge trend’ Walmart is betting on The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abha Bhattarai By Abha Bhattarai June 1 Follow @abhabhattarai Walmart plans to sell $25 million worth of Flashlights sneakers this year. (Walmart) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — These, Walmart executives say, could be the year’s biggest sensation: high-top sneakers with light-up soles. Yes, says Steve Bratspies, Walmart’s chief merchandising officer, stomping on stage in his black Flashlights sneakers, you heard right: The world’s largest retailer is expecting to sell $25 million worth of these sneakers this year. At $19.97 a pop, that’s 1.25 million pairs of shoes. “Like these sneakers?” he asks a crowd of thousands of screaming Walmart employees, two days before the company’s annual shareholder meeting. “Flashlights sneakers. These are a huge trend we’re betting on this year.” And if the company does sell the expected amount, he says, that would be “enough lights for us to light up 48 Rockefeller Center Christmas trees. That’s a lot of lights!” (It’s worth noting that $25 million in flashing-shoe sales would be a drop in the bucket for Walmart, making up less than 0.01 percent of the $298.4 billion in U.S. sales it reported last year.) The shoes, which will hit shelves in July, will be available in in four colors: gray, white, black and glittery pink. They come equipped with a USB cord that connects each sneaker with a phone or computer. Once charged, the blue, green and purple LED lights flash for up to eight hours at a time. Similar shoes at “the biggest national brands,” Bratspies said, will sell for about $60 a pair. At Walmart, they’ll cost about one-third of that. “We beat on price, don’t we?” he said. “Every day, we beat on price.” [Walmart is preparing to take on Amazon. But first, parachuting M&M’s.] Then he rattled off more of the company’s biggest selling points: “Sales are up. Traffic is up. Momentum is ours.” Bratspies turned to the company’s employees: “Your job is to create energy and excitement behind every apple, every bicycle, every pair of pajamas, every lightbulb, every single thing you sell in our stores.” Other offerings to hit shelves this year include an “instant-cabin tent” that can be set up in about one minute. It comes with LED lights and a screen porch. (Although when employees tried to set it up on stage, it took well over a minute, before Bratspies declared, “I think it’s broken, actually. We’ve got a problem. Trust me, it’s really good.”) But no matter, he said: “Next up, we’ve got a sweet treat that’s already a huge hit in our stores.” Bags of caramel M&Ms parachuted down from the ceiling. Employees went wild: “Wow, wow!” “Oh my god!” “Come to mama, baby, come to mama!” Then the other highlights: A cooler that holds ice up to five days, gallons of glue that sell for $12.88 (of which Walmart plans to sell 7 million units), and pool floats shaped like bacon, cupcakes and emoji smileys. “These things are fun and already flying off shelves,” Bratspies said as the crowd cheered. “We’ve got ducks, swans. All at a really great Walmart price.” Read more: Meet Marriott’s longest-standing employee: A 79-year-old omelet-maker A man is suing Hershey for ‘under-filling’ his box of Whoppers The maker of Bud Light is investing $2 billion to make its beer ‘more sophisticated’ business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 2 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. Follow @abhabhattarai 2 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Michael Bloomberg pledges his own money to help U.N. after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal 2 Perspective College grads face next hurdle: Paying back student loans 3 Perspective Venezuela’s descent into anarchy is only beginning 4 Nintendo’s $20-per-year online Switch subscription will include old-school games 5 Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton, and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.29% NASDAQ 0.94% Get quote Last Update: 06/05/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, June 04, 2017, 11:14 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online grocery sales By Christie Swanson This article was published June 1, 2017 at 3:00 a.m. NWA Democrat-Gazette/J.T. WAMPLER Customers park under an awning to pick up groceries May 3 at Wal-Mart on Pleasant Grove in Rogers. Comments aAFont Size NWA Democrat-Gazette/J.T. WAMPLER Stephany Ponce of Springdale selects grocery items May 3 at Wal-Mart on Pleasant Grove in Rogers. Ponce is a persona... Stephany Ponce scans the cooler holding eggs, picks up a carton and checks for cracks. Finding none, she gently places the carton in her basket and moves on to the next item on her list. Ponce fills several grocery lists daily not for herself, but in her role as a personal shopper at Wal-Mart. "I check expiration dates and look for damaged packages," she said recently at the store on Pleasant Crossing Boulevard in Rogers. "We make sure we are giving customers the best product." Wal-Mart's personal shoppers are an integral part of the retailer's rapidly expanding online grocery program, said Ellen Martinez, regional e-commerce manager. Customers can shop online and pick up their order curbside in more than 100 markets and 600 stores nationwide. Martinez said the company is looking at adding 500 more stores to the program this year. Moving online Grocery pickup is not new for Wal-Mart. The company's first online ordering test started in 2011 in San Jose, Calif., before expanding to Denver in 2013. A 15,000-square-foot prototype opened at the intersection of Walton Boulevard and J Street in Bentonville in 2014. The site's only function is grocery pickup and is still in operation. Martinez, who once managed the Bentonville pickup store, said the standalone site continues to offer a unique perspective, but adding pickup locations at stores is a way to merge Wal-Mart's physical operations with the digital side of the business. A study by iVend Retail, an omnichannel retail management software vendor, reports 57.5 percent of all shoppers use an omnichannel service, but only 31.6 percent describe it as being a smooth process. Omnichannel is when a shopper uses multiple methods of shopping, such as buying online or via the telephone and picking up in the store. "We have several tests going on," Martinez said. "We want to meet customer demand in every area." The iVend survey said 29.2 percent of customers said convenience was the biggest reason to shop online and pickup in a store. Convenience is what made Tabatha Miller a loyal Wal-Mart pickup customer. The Fayetteville mother of three children ages 4 and younger started using the service as soon as she moved to Northwest Arkansas from the East Coast in 2015. "Literally, grocery pickup is one of my favorite things about Northwest Arkansas. My friends at home are so jealous," she said. The Millers use the service at least twice a week, and some months avoid having to step into a store, she said. "We can manager our grocery budget more efficiently. We are more intentional about our grocery shopping and spend $100 or less," she said. Ponce, who spent two years as a cashier before becoming a personal shopper about seven months ago, said the job has helped her be a better shopper. "Before I worked with online grocery pickup I didn't think much about expiration dates," she said. She's also used the online service several times. "It saves so much time. It's quick and easy," she said. "I tell customers the benefits of pickup, so I thought I needed to try it." Click and buy Food Marketing Institute and Nielsen report in the "Digitally Engaged Food Shopper" analysis that 23 percent of American households buy food online. The report predicts that could reach 70 percent in 10 years, with 60 percent of those shoppers spending more than 25 percent of their food dollars online. "The grocery business truly is at a digital tipping point, where every aspect of the shopper's journey will soon be influenced by digital, and increasingly enabled by digital platforms," Chris Morley, president of U.S. Buy at Nielsen, said in the report. The report says online grocery shopping could quintuple in the next 10 years, reaching $100 billion by 2025. A report by Citi Research shows Wal-Mart is "best positioned" to capitalize on online grocery among major food retailers. Citi analysts report Wal-Mart's price-cutting strategy helped build market share. Wal-Mart's personal shoppers do three rounds of collecting groceries daily, filling orders for four to eight customers at a time, Ponce said. Items are scanned with a hand-held device to make sure it is the correct product and placed into the order's basket. Items are marked with stickers identifying "fragile," "substitution," "alcohol" and "heavy" as needed. Jun Rasphuomy, eCommerce assistant store manager at the Rogers store, said alcohol sales are dependent on local laws and always require identification at pickup. Tobacco products are not available to be picked up. "When you think grocery pickup, most people think of just groceries," he said in an email. "This is not the case. Things such as fishing rods, basketballs, exercise equipment and air/water filters are available for online grocery pickup." The number of personal shoppers varies by store, but typically range from nine to 30 depending on the day and volume of orders, Rasphuomy said. Martinez said employees are trained to look for the best products, specially in produce and meat departments. "It's about building trust with the customer and that takes dedication. I think we meet that goal," she said. The program improves the store's overall performance, she said, because personal shoppers are looking every day at items across the store. "If the in-store stock is good, I've seen it go from good to excellent," Martinez said. "And customers see that." Rasphuomy said consistency helps build a good reputation. About 90 percent of online grocery shoppers are repeat customers, he said. "If there is an issue, we offer a hassle-free refund/replacement for any bad produce or meat products," he said. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said earlier this year at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer and Retail Technology Conference the company needs to make customers' worlds simpler. "Technology in particular is being used to get rid of friction, make things simpler and easier, and customers just expect that as a company, you're innovating all the time and making things more enjoyable for them," McMillon said. Christie Swanson can be reached at cswanson@nwadg.com or on Twitter @NWAChristie. NW Business on 06/01/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart rapidly growing online grocery program Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Trump's team less hawkish on trade Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online... Wal-Mart tests convenience store Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Business news in brief On the Agenda BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas Comments on: Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online grocery sales To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (31 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) 2 leaders affirm climate pledges (2 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
This website uses cookies. Continued browsing of this site implies consent for the use of these cookies. Find out more here >> Post & Parcel powered by Triangle. Home In Depth Events Directory About Companies E-commerce Environment Human Resources Innovation Regulation Retail Technology RSS Post & Parcel > News > Companies > Walmart files patent for a delivery system that uses drones, lockers and blockchain Log-in Register News Walmart files patent for a delivery system that uses drones, lockers and blockchain Thursday, June 1st, 2017 US retainer Walmart has submitted a patent for a delivery system which uses drones, automated lockers and blockchain technology. Walmart filed the patent on 23 November last year, and the US Patent and Trademark Office (UPTO) published it on 25 May. With the delivery model described in the patent, the drone – or the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) – will drop off the parcel/payload into an automated locker / delivery box, which will open in response to a message validating the identity of the UAV. The key advantages of using this sort of automated delivery box, rather than having the drones drop parcels on someone’s front lawn, is that is both safer and more secure. The patent also includes references to using blockchain technology for extra security and to track shipments that are fragile or temperature sensitive.     Source: USPTO Tags: Americas, Innovation, Parcel Print Send to friend Bookmark Save Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Related Articles Walmart trialing “Associate Delivery” service SF Express and Cainiao clash Fast planes to China New DHL Parcel sorting centre in Amsterdam UPS announces plans for new Arizona hub Most popular Latest comments what3words helps Quiqees.go.quicker McDonald’s expanding delivery coverage in US Walmart files patent for a delivery system that uses drones, lockers and blockchain Pos Malaysia promoting EziBox service FedEx launches self-service lockers in Hong Kong Retailers losing out by calling time too early on Christmas deliveries UPS UK to hire 1,300 for holiday season Zyllem reportedly set to discontinue Singapore delivery operations Parcels delivered by taxi USPS set to trial experimental e-commerce product New Directory Members Direct Link Worldwide Ltd Direct Link specialises in international cross border distribution and returns of e-commerce packages worldwide. Parent company PostNord (the merged Swedish and Danish Post Offices) supports Direct Link with IT expertise, postal connections and international logistics solutions, across the Nordic countries and intercontinentally. Sign-up Post & Parcel Newsletters (Help)  Daily newsletter  Weekly newsletter Subscribe free Latest Issue Subscribe now About Post & Parcel Post & Parcel is your key to the global mail and express industry. Every week Post & Parcel features the latest news, analysis of trends, insightful viewpoints, and exclusive interviews with leading industry experts. Find out more Advertise with us We provide brands with an exciting range of advertising opportunities to reach the influential Post & Parcel audience. With campaigns suitable for every budget you can achieve your marketing objectives with Post & Parcel. Find out more powered by Triangle. Copyright © 2017 Contact Us | Feedback | Submit press release | Terms & conditions | Privacy | Q&A
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land New launch Google Attribution hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Inside Program Two social media heavyweights show us Amazon Influencers Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Retail Get the most important digital marketing news each day. 5 key e-commerce & retail trends from Mary Meeker’s Internet Trends report A look at how mobile and online commerce are changing the retail landscape. Ginny Marvin on June 1, 2017 at 10:48 am More Kleiner Perkins venture partner Mary Meeker released her annual Internet Trends report on Wednesday. In total, the report comprises 355 PowerPoint slides and covers online trends in sectors ranging from media and healthcare to China and India. Here we look at key trends in retail and e-commerce: 1. A withering brick-and-mortar landscape as Amazon/e-commerce grows. Amazon in particular is proving to be a formidable foe, inflicting deep wounds on brick-and-mortar retail chains. “Store closings may break a 20-year record” according to a 2017 estimate by Credit Suisse (slide 72). That report estimates that more than 8,600 brick-and-mortar stores may close in 2017. “Barely a quarter into 2017, year-to-date retail store closings have already surpassed those of 2008,” according to Credit Suisse. Macy’s, J.C. Penney, Bebe, Staples and nearly a dozen other retailers have announced store closings. Online sales grew again in 2016, rising 15 percent year over year (slide 76). Parcel deliveries in the US have been steadily increasing over the past six years and rose 9 percent year over year in 2016 (slide 65). 2. Walmart is sprinting to catch up online. The brick-and-mortar behemoth Walmart, which has had relatively lackluster impact online despite past investments, rapidly accelerated its e-commerce efforts this past year. It acquired Jet.com in August 2016, and already this year it has bought or invested in Shoebuy, JD.com, Moosejaw and Modcloth.com. Walmart’s e-commerce revenue grew 63 percent year over year last quarter. (slide 74) 3. The new retail is mobile-informed. Retail isn’t dead-dead, it’s just evolving. Meeker points to Warby Parker (slide 73), Lowe’s augmented-reality experiment with Google to help consumers locate items in-store (slide 70), and Amazon itself opening up self-checkout retail stores (slide 72) as examples of ways retail is evolving to meet the needs and expectations of mobile-enabled consumers. 4. Retailers are taking advantage of online-offline feedback loops. Other examples of hybrid online-offline commerce experiences include MM.LaFleur, which offers both online and in-store personal shopping advice (slide 63) and incorporates that information back into its bento-box-style e-commerce operation, and shirt retailer UNTUCKit, which incorporates online and offline feedback into its brand experiences (slide 60). 5. Location-driven advertising is becoming more targeted & accountable. Location-targeted ads from Google (slide 25), Nextdoor and xAd (slide 29) and Uber’s in-app ads powered by Foursquare (slide 28) are examples of how ad delivery and the ability to track outcomes are changing the dynamic between online marketing and offline commerce. Google has tracked more than 5 billion in-store visits globally, and just last week introduced its store purchases tracking solution to link ad clicks to physical transactions. Check out the full report for more insights. The focus on digital advertising begins on slide 10. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories Google confirms it will start blocking ‘annoying’ ads on Chrome next year 3 reasons why customer identity should top retailers’ 2017 holiday wish lists Instagram ads can now link to brands’ Messenger accounts, bots Journey analytics: The GPS for understanding your customers Related Topics Channel: RetailE-CommerceStatisticsStatistics: GeneralStatistics: Mobile MarketingStatistics: Online AdvertisingStatistics: Online Shopping Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Whole Foods Market, Inc. Whole Foods still faces a number of challenges that aren't reflected in its stock price. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Jun 1, 2017 at 8:51AM Shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) aren't looking as fresh as they once were. The one-time stock market darling is still trading down nearly 50% from its 2013 peak, and much of the recent news has been negative. The organic grocer reported its seventh straight quarter of declining comparable sales last month and expects same-store sales to fall for the full year. Profits for the year are also expected to drop. Image source: Whole Foods. It's clear what's going on. Traditional supermarket chains including Kroger (NYSE:KR), Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), and Costco have horned in on Whole Foods' traditional strength: organic and natural foods. Kroger's Simple Truth brand, which launched in 2012, reached $1 billion in sales in just two years, and the company now has more than $10 billion in annual sales of organic and natural products.  Wal-Mart, meanwhile, has been devoting more space to selling fresh food such as produce and has been aggressively lowering prices, and Costco is the nation's largest seller of organic food, according to some metrics. Whole Foods has struggled to respond to this renewed competition, despite a change in its management structure and efforts to lower prices, launch a loyalty program, and open a new discount banner, Whole Foods 365.  While some investors, such as activist hedge fund Jana Partners, seem to think Whole Foods offers opportunity after the recent stock slide, there are reasons to think its performance will continue to be challenged.   Competition is only increasing It's not only entrenched players that are on the move in the grocery space. While Wal-Mart's efforts to expand its online grocery-pickup program to nearly 1,000 stores is winning plaudits from customers, new competitors are also jumping into the giant $800 billion U.S grocery market. Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is accelerating its grocery ambitions, too. It expanded its Amazon Fresh delivery service to a number of new cities last year, is testing the cashier-less Amazon Go convenience-store concept, and just made its first two Amazon Fresh Pickup locations open to the public. Amazon has already upended a number of retail sectors and is focused on penetrating the grocery market. Expect increasing investments from the e-commerce giant. Another entrant expected to threaten a swath of the industry is German grocery giant Lidl, which will open its first stores in the U.S. in June. Lidl has already squeezed Wal-Mart subsidiary Asda in the U.K. and plans to open as many as 600 stores in the United States. Known for rock-bottom prices, Lidl isn't a direct competitor of Whole Foods, but it's likely to put more price pressure on the industry, which could carry over to Whole Foods.  Its competitive advantage isn't coming back Ten years ago, Whole Foods was dominating the organic-food sector it pioneered, posting double-digit comparable-sales growth. The company's brand and unique approach to groceries gave it a competitive advantage, allowing it to charge higher prices and reap a higher margin. But the mainstreaming of organic food brought increased competition from traditional grocers, alternative concepts such as Trader Joe's, and farmers' markets and community-supported agriculture programs.  Whole Foods still has an edge in gourmet, specialty, and prepared foods that its customers seek out, but when it comes to organic produce and other such goods that used to set Whole Foods apart, that difference no longer exists. The advantage it once had isn't coming back. The stock is still overpriced Despite Whole Foods' manifest challenges, the stock is still overpriced compared with its peers. Whole Foods trades at a P/E ratio of 28 today, and that value is likely to expand as profits decline. Kroger, meanwhile, carries a P/E of 15; Wal-Mart trades at a P/E of 18, and Supervalu has a P/E of just 10. While its traditionally higher margin may be some justification for the premium, investors seem to be betting on Jana Partners' ability to engineer a sale or a turnaround in the business. With a market cap of $11 billion, Whole Foods won't have an easy time finding a buyer, and sales continue to decline despite a number of initiatives to turn around the business. Considering the stock's valuation and the company's problems, the stock is likely to head lower. John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Costco Wholesale, and Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 8:51AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,006.73 up $10.78 (1.08%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $79.62 down $0.19 (-0.24%) Kroger NYSE:KR $30.13 down $0.12 (-0.40%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $180.83 up $0.20 (0.11%) Whole Foods Market NASDAQ:WFM $35.08 down $0.13 (-0.37%) SuperValu NYSE:SVU $3.98 down $0.07 (-1.73%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc Why Whole Foods' Future Is Smaller and Less Certain Than Ever Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Sprouts Why Chipotle Mexican Grill Could Be the Next Whole Foods Why Whole Foods Could Be a Good Fit For Amazon Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Whole Foods Market, Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $KR, $COST, $WFM, $SVU
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Uber Driver Fatally Stabbed By Teenager In Chicago Shreesha Ghosh International Business Times June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A 16-year-old girl was charged Wednesday with first degree murder after she was said to have randomly stabbed her Uber driver with a machete and a knife that she had stolen from Walmart in Lincolnwood, Illinois, Chicago, authorities said. Prosecutors identified the teenager as Eliza Wasni from Chicago, who appeared in court for a bond hearing in Skokie, Illinois . The prosecutors called the act “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner.” On Wednesday afternoon, a Cook County judge ruled that Wasni would be held without bail in the stabbing of the Uber driver Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette, Illinois. Read: Uber Lawsuit: Company Fails To Accommodate People With Disabilities According to Cook County State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham, Wasni had taken two other Uber rides before Nelson picked her up from a Walmart store in Skokie, when she was carrying a machete and a knife. Two minutes later, Wasni stabbed Nelson from the backseat inside the car. Nelson then managed to pull over his car and ran into a condo apartment building lobby where he banged the lobby doors and screamed “Help me, help me. I'm going to die.” Following this, the residents called 911, Cunningham said. The teenager tried to escape in Nelson’s vehicle however; she hit a median and then left the car and ran on foot. Police officers found a blood trail that led them to the wounded Uber driver. Nelson was taken to a hospital nearby where he later succumbed to his injuries. Wasni was found crouching behind an office building’s air conditioning unit that was quite far from the crime scene. Cunningham said that the officers requested her to put down her weapons but she refused to do so. Then one of the officers tased her and took her into custody. Police officers were able to track the last rider on the Uber driver’s phone in order to see that “Eliza” was the last customer who rode the vehicle. Prosecutors said that the surveillance footage from Walmart showed the teenager left the store without paying for the machete and the knife. Prosecutors also stated that Wasni violated Uber’s terms and conditions, which mention that customers must be at least 18 years old to take a ride. Wasni only confirmed her name during the bond hearing. Her public defender told the court that she attends Taft High School in Chicago and lives with a single mother. Read: Indiana Teen, Who Was Focus Of Amber Alert, Charged In Mother's Stabbing Death An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement Wednesday that the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Outside the courtroom, Nelson's brother, Todd Nelson, called him “the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children.” His sister, Alexandra Nelson, also added that the family hopes “justice will happen,” condemning the attack and called it “horrifying and maddening.” “He was not a vindictive person,” Alexandra added. “He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate.” The victim’s autopsy results are still pending. The authorities stated that this was the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, when a man killed his brother over a dispute regarding domestic issues. Related Articles Uber Driver Saves Girl From Child Sex Trafficking Uber Driver Twitter Story Goes Viral Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Oklahoma man trying to drown his twin babies shot dead by neighbour 3,235 reactions12%67%21% Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored Deadly terror attack in London 174 reactions6%68%26% Erinn Hayes Exiting 'Kevin Can Wait' Amid Season 2 Creative Reset 1,660 reactions6%76%18% CNN hosts makes 'racist' comment to 12-year-old Spelling Bee Champion 3,947 reactions4%55%41% Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Anti-Trump ‘March for Truth’ protesters rally across the U.S. 1,755 reactions4%66%30% Putin denies having compromising information on Trump 46 reactions4%63%33% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 125 reactions3%79%18% People In Heavy CC Debt Are In For Big Surprise Freedom Debt ReliefSponsored Warriors roar to 2-0 NBA Finals lead in coach Steve Kerr's return 401 reactions4%79%17% Fans fight near tunnel as Cavaliers leave floor after NBA Finals loss to Warriors (Video) 22 reactions3%65%32% Turin bomb scare sparks stampede, leaving 1,500 injured 2,483 reactions6%62%32% This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Going gothic in Germany: World's largest ‘dark’ culture festival 75 reactions7%73%20% Putin on Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ 13 reactions7%64%29% Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US mark: With what we are seeing no travel ban is just nuts. The constitution is not a suicide pact. Nor is compassion a reason to commit suicide. The president's job is to protect ALL Americans. This notion of an acceptable level of terrorism amongst politicians has to end. Even one death is too many if there was anyway to stop it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MKM Partners Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Alice L. Walton Sells 1,157,500 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 1,157,500 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Friday, May 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.06, for a total value of $90,354,450.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $526,794,154.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Large shareholders that own 10% or more of a company’s stock are required to disclose their transactions with the SEC. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE WMT) opened at 78.60 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $76.05 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.31. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $65.28 and a 1-year high of $79.44. The firm has a market capitalization of $238.55 billion, a PE ratio of 17.85 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Alice L. Walton Sells 1,157,500 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/alice-l-walton-sells-1157500-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 105,233,311 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $7,585,217,000 after buying an additional 3,196,912 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 73,568,236 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $5,303,013,000 after buying an additional 854,010 shares during the last quarter. Dodge & Cox purchased a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $1,503,922,000. Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.0% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 15,369,668 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,106,330,000 after buying an additional 1,137,828 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Several research analysts have recently commented on the company. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday. Jefferies Group LLC set a $88.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday. Morgan Stanley set a $77.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $78.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $78.15. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Features Lifestyle Living Free Time – June 1 By Staff Reports - June 1 2:46am Seasonal FRANKLIN FARMERS MARKET, 8 a.m. to noon Saturdays through Sept. 2, downtown Franklin, southwest corner of West Jefferson and South Jackson streets NINEVEH EASTERN STAR STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. June 3, Nineveh Masonic Lodge, 7221 S. Nineveh Road annual strawberry festival, featuring homemade ice cream along with many choices to add to your strawberries. SPRING MIGRANT BIRD FIELD TRIP, 7 a.m., June 3, Brown County State Park, meet at Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Ave., Greenwood. Join Amy Hodson of the Amos Butler Audubon Society chapter and Brown County State Park Naturalist Kashena Hottinger as they lead a hike through Brown County State Park. Target species on the hike will be migrating warblers, vireos, tanagers, and flycatchers. More specifically, the group will be seeking Kentucky, hooded, and worm-eating warblers. Group will hike 2-3 miles through various terrains that could include steep hillsides, so wear appropriate footwear. Hottinger will talk during the hike on the history of Brown County State Park and other features of the park to enjoy (besides birding). The gate fee is $7 per vehicle. Meet at 7 a.m. at the Walmart located at 1133 N. Emerson Ave. in Greenwood. Participants can expect to return to Indy around 1 p.m. Registration is encouraged but not required. There is no charge for this event (other than the gate fee), and it is open to the public. Questions? Please contact Amy Hodson at aehodson@gmail.com. SMOKE ON THE SQUARE BARBEQUE COMPETITION, June 16-17, downtown Franklin; competition brings professional teams from all over Indiana and the Midwest to Franklin for a chance to be named Grand Champion; schedule: June 16: 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. food vendors open; 2 and 7:30 p.m. “The Sandlot” at the Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St.; 5 p.m. Cruisin’ the Courthouse, North Main Street; 7-10 p.m. Toy Factory band on the music stage; June 17: 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. food vendors; 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. local entertainment, kids area open; 2 and 7:30 p.m., “The Sandlot” at the Artcraft Theatre; 7-10 p.m., Blue River Band on the music stage; discoverdowntownfranklin.com. Arts & crafts QUILT CONNECTION GUILD AUCTION, 6:30 to 9 p.m. June 1, Greenwood United Methodist Church, 525 N. Madison Ave., Greenwood. Annual auction replaces the regular meeting activities this month. Come and bid on a variety of quilt and sewing related items donated by members–patterns, fabrics, notions, tools, and more! Donations accepted beginning at 6 p.m., auction starts at 6:30 p.m. The guild meets every month and new members are always welcome. SOUTHSIDE ART LEAGUE JUNE EXHIBITION: TOM BROWN, June 2-29, Southside Art League Gallery, 299 E. Broadway St., Greenwood; reception to meet the artist 2 to 5 p.m. June 4. Refreshments will be served and the reception is free to the public. Brown’s work has been in over 35 shows in the last 18 months and won numerous awards. Many of the award-winning pieces will be on display. For further information, contact Brown at 317-888-8566 or tom.brown@nm.com. FRANKLIN CHIPMATES WOODCARVING CLUB, 6:30 to 8 p.m. Thursdays, Franklin Cultural Arts and Recreation Center, 396 Branigin Blvd., beginners and experienced craftspeople welcome, 736-1582 NIMBLE THIMBLES QUILT CLUB, first Friday of the month, 9 to 11:30 a.m. work session, 12:30 p.m. meeting, Johnson County Purdue Extension Office, 484 N. Morton St., Franklin, 736-4547 ADULT BEGINNER PAINTING CLASSES, 10 a.m. Saturdays, The Studios, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, $25, must call to register, 474-4889 ART CLASSES, 9 a.m., 2 p.m. and 7 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, Southland Community Church, 5800 W. Smith Valley Road Greenwood, free art classes with local artist, Edward Patterson. Southland is creating a series of 12 large paintings depicting various Bible scenes; each piece will be 6 feet tall and 8 feet wide and will teach students oil-on-canvas painting; information: 627-5872 or 883-8988 FIBER ARTS GUILD, 6 to 9 p.m. second Wednesdays, Starstruck Cat Studio, 3130 Meridian Parke Drive, Suite H, Greenwood, free, bring a project, discussions about spinning, weaving, knitting, crocheting, rug hooking and felting, starstruckcatstudio.com RUG HOOKERS, 6 to 8 p.m. fourth Tuesdays, Starstruck Cat Studio, 3130 Meridian Parke Drive, Suite H, Greenwood, free, bring a current traditional rug hooking project, join other rug hookers, starstruckcatstudio.com OPEN STUDIO AT STARSTRUCK CAT STUDIO, 5 to 8 p.m. Fridays, Starstruck Cat Studio, 3130 Meridian Parke Drive, Suite H, Greenwood, free, adults only, bring current knitting, crochet, rug hooking, weaving project, enjoy coffee, conversation, 889-9665, starstruckcatstudio.com WOODCARVERS, 6 p.m. Thursdays and 9 a.m. Saturdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., join other seniors, 882-4810 BEGINNING CROCHET CLASS, 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Saturdays, Starstruck Cat Studio, 3130 Meridian Parke Drive, Suite H, Greenwood, $50, fee includes six hours of instruction, patterns, two skeins of yarn, crochet hook, students need tapestry needle, scissors, split ring or locking stitch marker, registration, 317-889-9665, starstruckcatstudio.com QUILT CONNECTION GUILD, 7 to 9 p.m., first Thursday of each month, Greenwood United Methodist Church, 525 N. Madison Ave., meetings feature experienced quilters sharing their knowledge; group hosts workshops, sewing days to learn new skills, annual quilt challenges, bees, an annual auction and parties, new members welcome, Jo Ann Gates, 966-0933 Blood drives READ AND BLEED @ YOUR LIBRARY: AMERICAN RED CROSS BLOOD DRIVE, 9:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood; adults ages 17 and up; all blood types are urgently needed. Refreshments provided. Ages 17 and up. To schedule an appointment, please call 1-800-733-2767 or visit www.redcrossblood.org. Books and Literary events GREENWOOD PUBLIC LIBRARY SUMMER READING PROGRAM, through July 29, Greenwood Public Library, 310 S. Meridian St., readers of all ages are encouraged to record hours read, participate in our reading challenges, attend programs, and more to earn points. Collect points to vote for some great community prizes; greenwoodlibrary.us MYSTERY BOOK CLUB, 1 p.m. June 5, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of your choice of mystery — bring your own book to discuss, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us PRIMETIME BOOK CLUB, 6:30 p.m. June 6, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of “Mr. Mercedes,” by Stephen King, registration, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us/primetime.asp STOUT STORIES, 6:30 p.m. June 6, Greek’s Pizzeria and Tapp Room, free, patrons 21 and older only, discussion of “Middlesex,” by Jeffrey Eugenides, pageafterpage.org CLARK PLEASANT ROCKIN’ READS BOOK DISCUSSION, 5:30 p.m. June 7, Clark Pleasant Library, 530 Tracy Road, Suite 250, New Whiteland, discussion of “On the Road with Janis Joplin,” by John Byrne Cooke; pagefterpage.org, 317-535-6206 WELL RED BOOK CLUB, 6 p.m. June 14, Vino Villa, free, discussion of “The Ocean at the End of the Lane,” by Neil Gaiman, 317-885-5036, greenwoodlibrary.us. BOOKLOVERS BOOK CLUB, 10 a.m. June 15, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of “The Weird Sisters,” by Eleanor Brown, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us MILITARY READS, 2 p.m. July 15, Franklin library, 401 State St., are you a reader of military nonfiction and the occasional military fiction book? If so, your orders are to attend this book discussion. Books will be available at the reference desk. Discussion of “Black Hawk Down,” by Mark Bowden; pageafterpage.org FRANKLIN PAGE-TURNERS BOOK DISCUSSION, 6:30 p.m. June 19, Franklin library, 401 State St., free, discussion of “Beautiful Ruins,” by Jess Walter; pageafterpage.org MONDAY NIGHT BOOK CLUB, 7 p.m. June 19, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, free, discussion of “Lady Catherine, the Earl, and the Real Downton Abbey,” by Fiona, Countess of Carnarvon; 317-885-1330, pageafterpage.org I HEART YA BOOK CLUB, 6:30 p.m. June 21, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of “Rebel Belle,” by Rachel Hawkins, for teens and adults, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us TRAFALGAR NOVELS & NOSH, 6 p.m. June 27, Trafalgar library, 424 S. Tower St., free, discussion of “The Crossing” by Samar Yazbek, 317-878-9560 for more information WHITE RIVER BOOK DISCUSSION, 1:30 p.m. June 28, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, discussion of “A Man Called Ove,” by Fredrik Backman; pageafterpage.org MYSTERY BOOK CLUB, 1 p.m. first Monday of the month, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us PRIMETIME BOOK CLUB, 6:30 p.m. first Tuesday of each month, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion, registration, 881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us/primetime.asp FRANKLIN PAGE-TURNERS BOOK DISCUSSION, 6:30 p.m. third Monday of each month, Franklin library, 401 State St., free, pageafterpage.org I HEART YA BOOK CLUB, 6:30 p.m. third Wednesday of the month, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of young adult books, for teens and adults, 881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us FOURTH WEDNESDAY BOOK CLUB, 5:30 p.m. fourth Wednesday of the month, Prince of Peace United Christian Church, 3050 Smokey Row Road, Bargersville, all are welcome, free, 535-7712 or info@uccprinceofpeace.com. BOOKLOVERS BOOK CLUB, 10 a.m. third Thursday of the month, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion, 881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us WHITE RIVER BOOK DISCUSSION, 1:30 p.m. last Wednesday of each month, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, pageafterpage.org STOUT STORIES, 6:30 p.m. first Monday of the month, location is a different pub or brewery in the area, free, patrons 21 and older only, pageafterpage.org MONDAY NIGHT BOOK CLUB, 7 p.m., Third Monday of the month, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, 885-1330, pageafterpage.org CLARK PLEASANT ROCKIN’ READS BOOK DISCUSSION, 5:30 p.m. first Wednesday of the month, Clark Pleasant Library, 530 Tracy Road, Suite 250, New Whiteland, pagefterpage.org, 317-535-6206 WELL RED BOOK CLUB, 6 p.m. second Wednesday of each month, Vino Villa, free, discussion of wide variety of books; patrons 21 and older only, 317-885-5036, greenwoodlibrary.us. FRANKLIN LIBRARY PIZZA & PAGES BOOK DISCUSSION, 6 p.m. Fridays, Franklin library, 401 State St., free, discussion; 317-738-2833 for more information MILITARY READS, Franklin library, 401 State St., Are you a reader of military nonfiction and the occasional military fiction book? If so, your orders are to attend this book discussion. Books will be available at the reference desk; pageafterpage.org TRAFALGAR NOVELS & NOSH, 6 p.m., selected dates, Trafalgar library, 424 S. Tower St., free, June 27 – “The Crossing by Samar Yazbek,” July 25 – “Loving Frank,” by Nancy Horan, Aug. 29 – “Animal, Vegetable, Miracle,” by Barbara Kingsolver, 317-878-9560 for more information Church and Spiritual Programs GARAGE AND BAKE SALE, 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 3, New Beginnings Community Church, 600 Ironwood Drive, Franklin; all are welcome. NINTH ANNUAL PORK CHOP DINNER AND BLUEGRASS MUSIC, 4 to 7 p.m. June 10, Community Congregational Church, 4592 N. Hurricane Road, Franklin, dinner includes grilled pork chops and hot dogs, baked potato, green beans or baked beans, salads, homemade desserts and homemade ice cream. The Banister Family Bluegrass Band will perform from 5 to 7 p.m. Instead of charging for the event, attendees are asked to contribute an offering; the net proceeds will help Kids In Crisis Intervention Team which provides support and empowerment for youth to break the cycle of homelessness and promote independence. For more information call 317-432-6478. VETERANS DINNER AND WELCOME HOME PROGRAM, 5 p.m. June 11, Christ Our Shepherd Church of the Brethren, 857 N. State Road 135, Greenwood, will host U.S. Sen. Joe Donnelly as a speaker; dinner will begin at 5 p.m. and the program will start at 6 p.m. The program is free and open to all veterans, military members and their families. Donnelly has represented Indiana in the U.S. Senate since 2013, and serves on the Senate aging, agriculture, armed services and banking committees. Two of his recent efforts were enacted that will recognize Hoosier veterans. Please call 317-416-7888 to reserve a seat. CAR SHOW AND FISH FRY, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. June 17, First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) of Bargersville, 101 East Street, Bargersville, will host the its 10th annual open class car show and fish fry; car registration 8 a.m. to noon. The registration fee is $10 or $5 if you preregister by mail. Dash plaques will be given to the first 100 registered vehicles, and Top 20 plaques and special awards will be given out at 2 p.m. Participants can judge. Door prizes will be given away. Food will be sold and served on site all day. Breakfast will be 7 to 9:30 a.m. The fish fry will start serving at 10 a.m. and serve to 3 p.m. or earlier if we sell out. Fish, tenderloins, hot dogs, sides and desserts will be offered. All funds will support church missions and ministries. For information or to pre-register, call 317-432-8456. Classes JOHNSON COUNTY PUBLIC LIBRARY FREE ONLINE COURSES, Patrons can access thousands of online courses in Microsoft Office, Photoshop, web design, business, marketing and more at no cost. The Lynda.com video library offers users a chance to grow skills in graphic design, computer programming, photography and video. Software includes Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign, Google Apps, iMovie and Final Cut Pro. Visit pageafterpage.org/lynda to log in and create a Lynda.com account. Dance LINE DANCING LESSONS, 7 p.m. June 2, 16, Edinburgh Pixy Theatre, 111 S. Walnut St., $5 lesson by Electric Impulse Dance Studio, theedinburghpixy.com MODERN WESTERN SQUARE DANCING, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Mondays, Rivers of Life Fellowship, 1962 Old Meridian St., Greenwood, $4 per lesson per person; first two lessons are free; those interested should email greenwoodmerrymixers@gmail.com, or call 317-881-4719 or 317-694-4711; greenwoodmerrymixers.com; facebook.com/greenwoodmerrymixers BALLROOM DANCES, 7:30 p.m. Saturdays, Riolo Dance Studio, 502 N. Capitol Ave. (second floor), Indianapolis, $10-$12, lesson at 7:30 p.m., open dancing 8:30 to 10:30 p.m., all skill levels and abilities welcome; no partner needed; refreshments available; riolodance.com Fundraisers and Galas AMITY FIRE & RESCUE FISH FRY, 11 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. June 3, Amity Fire & Rescue, 3274 S. 550 E. Franklin, fundraiser, all are welcome. KIC-IT DINE TO DONATE FUNDRAISER, 5-8 p.m. June 5, Chicago’s Pizza, 2 State Road 135, Bargersville; bring flyer or mention you are dining for KIC-IT. Flyers are available on Facebook page or at www.kic-it.org. TRIVIA NIGHT AT THE MUSEUM, 6:30 p.m. June 7, Johnson County Historical Society, , 135 N. Main St., Franklin, join in a test of knowledge and wits, fundraiser for the 2017 Dancing with the Johnson County Stars. Sign up with your trivia team that should include between two and 10 people. Entry charge is $20 per person and includes two slices of pizza and one soda or water. Entry forms are available at the Events page at johnsoncountymuseum.org, by calling 317-346-4500, or stopping by the museum during regular business hours. Gardening JOHNSON COUNTY GARDEN CLUB: GARDENS OF KEN AND JAN RITTER, 6:30 p.m. June 12, Purdue Extension Johnson County office, 484 N. Morton St., Franklin, spring salad pitch-in new members welcome, 317-346-7316 JOHNSON COUNTY GARDEN CLUB, 6:30 p.m. second Monday of each month, Purdue Extension Johnson County office, 484 N. Morton St., Franklin, new members welcome, 346-7316 TRAFALGAR COUNTRY GARDENERS, last Thursday of each month, 736-9167 CULTIVATING GARDEN CLUB, 6 p.m. third Thursday of each month at St. John’s United Church of Christ, 7031 S. East St., Indianapolis; 881-2353 CONSERVATORY TOURS, 2:30 p.m. Saturdays, Garfield Park Conservatory, 2505 Conservatory Drive, Indianapolis, $1, garfieldgardensconservatory.org Government TOX BOX, hours of operation are 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Monday, Wednesday and Friday, at 1051 Hospital Road, Franklin. Items accepted: household cleaning supplies, yard and pool chemicals, automotive fluids, oil-based paint and stain. No latex paint will be accepted. The Tox Box is for Johnson County residents only. No businesses, contractors or small quantity generators will be accepted. Call the Johnson County Recycling District office at 317-738-2546 for more information or visit www.recyclejohnsoncounty.com. Health and fitness, support FIRE DASH 5K AND SAFETY FESTIVAL, June 17; starts at 7 a.m. with registration at Freedom Park, 850 W. Stop 18 Road, Greenwood; competitive 5K race and family-friendly 5K walk begin at 8 a.m. All registrations include an all-day pass and early entry to Freedom Springs Water Aquatic Center. Pre-Registration online at eventbrite.com; Safety Festival events will include live music, safety booths, bounce houses, face painting, yard games, the Greenwood Fire Department Safety Trailer and the Kids Firefighter Fitness Challenge for children ages 4 to 12. All proceeds benefit the Greenwood Fire Foundation. WESTSIDE PARK, GREENWOOD HIKE, 8 a.m. Saturdays in May, park in the Westside Park parking lot in Greenwood, 8-mile walk with a 5-mile option in parks and neighborhoods in Greenwood. indyhike.org GREENWOOD PARK MALL HIKE, 6 p.m. Mondays and Wednesdays in May sign in at the mall food court for a self-guided hike. Take as many one- mile laps as you want; indyhike.org MERIDIAN WOODS AND TRAILS, 9:30 am. Tuesdays in May, southside 5-6 mile hike in Meridian Woods neighborhood, meet in parking lot of Woodside Community Church, 329 W. Banta Road, which is just past Lockwood Lane. Meet in the parking lot. information: indyhike.org SOUTHPORT PARK HIKE, 9:15 a.m. Wednesdays in May, meet at 6901 Derbyshire Road behind the Southport Police Station for an 8-mile hike; indyhike.org SCHOOL TO SCHOOL AND PERRY WOODS, 6 p.m. Tuesdays in May, Southport Middle School, 5715 S. Keystone Ave., Indianapolis, park by the basketball court on the south side for a 5-mile hike; indyhike.org WEIGHT WATCHERS MEETINGS, 6 p.m. Thursdays, Hornet Park Community Center, 5245 Hornet Ave., Beech Grove, 317-803-9086 F.I.T. FORCE 3 – DANCE FITNESS, 7 to 8 p.m., Tuesdays and Thursdays, The Gear, 230 Commerce Drive, Franklin, $5 suggested donation, dance fitness classes, encouraging women to find Freedom In Truth for their mind, body and spirit, fitforce3.com, fitforce3@yahoo.com AQUATOTS, Franklin Parks and Recreation program, dates and times vary; parent/toddler swim class, class is designed for children 9 months through 3 years old; complete information: 736-3689; franklinparks.org ZUMBA, 6 to 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Providence Christian Church, 4080 W. County Road 100N, Bargersville, $5 per session, Zumba resumes with certified instructor, preregistration not required, all are welcome, 422-9331 PARKINSON’S EXERCISE CLASS, 4 to 5:30 p.m. Tuesdays, 2 to 3:30 p.m. Thursdays, 10:45 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. Saturdays, Mount Pleasant Church Community Life Center, 381 N. Bluff Road, Greenwood, “The Climb” exercise program is sponsored by Indiana Parkinson Foundation uses different forms to exercise and physical therapy to improve the daily lives of people with Parkinson’s. Contact Wellness Coordinator Penny Clayton at pclayton@mpccministry.com or call 881-6778 ext. 238. A Caregiver Support Group is held the second Saturday of the month during class. BEGINNER YOGA CLASSES, 4:30 and 5:45 p.m., Tuesdays and Thursdays, Franciscan Education & Fitness Center, 421 N. Emerson Ave., Indianapolis, (between Sam’s Club and Walmart) $10 per class or $50 monthly unlimited, JoAnn Turner, 528-7719 FUN TIME YOGA FOR KIDS, now booking private and groups of 5 or more, 7 Cedars Yoga, 1064 S. Morgantown Road, Morgantown, 374-6795, 7cedarsyoga@gmail.com YOGA BASICS LEVEL 1, 7 to 8:15 p.m. Monday and Thursdays, 7 Cedars Yoga, 1064 S. Morgantown Road, Morgantown, 374-6795, 7cedarsyoga@gmail.com “INSANITY” WORKOUT CLASS, 6:30 a.m. Tuesdays, Greenwood Community Center, 100 Surina Way, four-class session fee: $16 for members, $20 for residents, $24 for nonresidents, high-intensity cardio workout, drop in fee: $7, 881-8527 MONDAY MILERS WALKING CLUB, 8:30 a.m. every other Monday, Johnson County Park, 2949 E. North St., Edinburgh (north of Camp Atterbury) for directions, visit jcpark.org, walk at least one mile long and up to one hour, rain or shine, meet at the park office, free, club to promote fitness and friendship. Open to all ages. No pets. For more information, call 812-526-6809 or email jerwin@co.johnson.in.us. TAI CHI CLASS, 10 to 11 a.m. Tuesdays and Thursdays, First Baptist Church basement, 201 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, free, 736-6753 PRENATAL YOGA, 6:45 to 7:45 p.m. Mondays and 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. Saturdays, Peaceful Heart Yoga Studio, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, $40 for eight-week session; $8 drop-in; 843-267-5381, peaceful-heart-yoga.com CHRISTIAN YOGA, 6:45 p.m. Tuesdays, Wednesdays; 9:15 a.m. Saturdays, Mount Pleasant Christian Church Community Life Center, 407 N. Bluff Road, Greenwood, $3, 881-6727 MEDITATION HIKES, 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. Fridays, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 N. Michigan Road, free, meet at Efroymson Family Entrance Pavilion, facilitated by Global Peace Initiatives, hikes occur regardless of the weather, globalpeaceinitiatives.net KUNDALINI YOGA & MEDITATION, 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. Saturdays, Peaceful Heart Yoga Studio, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, $10 per class, peaceful-heart-yoga.com PRENATAL YOGA, 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. Saturdays, Evolutions@Yoga, 2801 Fairview Place, Suite 1, Greenwood, check website for fee information, evolutionsyoga.com, Terrie Purdy, 881-9642 History DESTINATION INDIANA, Indiana Historical Society, 450 W. Ohio St., Indianapolis; facilitated, interactive exhibits that use digital technology, touch screens and immersive displays of historic images and documents to explore and understand the story of Indiana using photographs and other archival materials such as broadsides, manuscripts, maps, printed items and sheet music. Destination Indiana features eight “drive yourself” time-travel stations that can each hold as many as six guests. The space also includes a large-group experience that offers access to nine journeys on its 22.5-foot by 7.5-foot screen, which features twice the resolution of a 1080i high-definition television set. Each station includes at least one journey for each of Indiana’s 92 counties, as well as “Indiana Stories” on subject matters such as African-American Hoosiers, the Civil War, the Ohio River, mapping the state, social justice and reform, rail transportation, agriculture and more are also explored. Kids CENTER GROVE PRINCESS TEA, 5 or 6:30 p.m. June 5 and 6, 10 a.m. or 11:30 a.m. June 7, Center Grove High School, 2717 S. Morgantown Road, Greenwood; 3-year-olds through elementary ages are invited to join their favorite princess for an hour of pampering; registration, www.centergrovechoirs.org/princess. YOUTH GARDEN CAMP, 9-11 a.m. June 9, 16, 23, 30, July 7, Johnson County fairgrounds, Franklin, $15 per child (includes all class-related materials and a T-shirt), for ages 8-12 (4-H membership not required). Register at Purdue Extension Johnson County, 484 N. Morton St., Franklin, IN 46131. Each day children will grow in knowledge and experience firsthand the thrill of planting a seed and watching it grow. Crafts, team-building activities and even snack time will help youngsters learn about soil, plants, pests, and garden-to-plate nutrition and become good keepers of the soil. For more information, contact Heather Dougherty at 317-736-3724 or hdougher@purdue.edu. CAMP CAN-DO, 8:15 to 4:15 p.m. weeks of June 12, June 19 and June 26, Whiteland Community High School, Johnson County Autism Support Group will host a summer program for teens on the autism spectrum, which blends traditional camp activities with life skills in a fun environment. Registration is $150 per session for Johnson County residents and $175 per session for residents outside of Johnson County. Campers attending all three sessions receive a $75 discount. To check availability, visit www.jcasg.com/camp-can-do or contact Amanda Cooper at 317-409-8372 or amanda@jcasg.org. STORYTIME YOGA, 10:30 a.m. June 24, Peaceful Heart Yoga, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, ages 3 and up, $10 per child, fun yoga class aimed at kids featuring music, singing, movement and a story; preregister: 843-267-5381 WEE WEDNESDAYS, 11 a.m. Wednesdays, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 N. Michigan Road, Indianapolis, $5 public, $3 IMA members, Star Studio classroom, for children ages 0 to 5 and their caregivers, pretend play, sing-a-longs, gallery art hunts and hands-on art activities, to register call 923-1331, ext. 213 PRESCHOOL STORY TIME, 10:30 a.m. Tuesdays, Southport library, 2630 E. Stop 11 Road, Indianapolis, free, children 3 to 5 and an adult, stories, songs, finger plays, rhymes, playtime, sharing time for adults, 275-4510 WONDERFUL ONES STORY TIME, 9:30 a.m. Tuesdays, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, free, 885-1330, pageafterpage.org TERRIFIC TWOS STORY TIME, 10:15 and 11 a.m. Tuesdays, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, free, 885-1330, pageafterpage.org CRAFTY KIDS CLUB, 4 to 5:30 p.m. fourth Tuesdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, crafts, 878-9560, pageafterpage.org PRESCHOOL STORY TIME, 9:30, 10:30 a.m. and 2 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, 6:30 p.m. Tuesdays, Greenwood Public Library, 301 S. Meridian St., preschoolers 3 to 5 year-olds, greenwoodlibrary.us. FUN TIME YOGA FOR KIDS, 4:30 to 5:30 p.m. first Wednesday of the month, Evolutions @ Yoga, 2801 Fairview Place, Suite 1, Greenwood, $5, Terrie Purdy, 881-9642 WE-FIT WEDNESDAY SPECIAL NEEDS GROUP, 6:30 to 8 p.m. every second and fourth Wednesday of the month, Franklin Christian Fellowship Church, 2800 N. Graham Road, Franklin, free, for special needs children, families, have fun, network, sing, do crafts, share about Jesus, Patty Kinney, 850-3864, wefitspecialneedsministry@yahoo.com, franklincf.com STORY TIME AT STARBUCKS, 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. Wednesdays, Starbucks, 2279 N. Morton St., Franklin, free, ages 3 to 6, must be accompanied by an adult.Contact for reservations Mary Beth Spitz, 560-5017, mspitz7@comcast.net PRESCHOOL STORY TIME, 10 a.m. and 1:30 pm. Thursdays, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, free, ages 3 to 5, registration, 535-6206, pageafterpage.org STORY TIMES TO GO, 10:30 a.m. Thursdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, ages 2 to 4, pageafterpage.org HOME-SCHOOL CLUB, 10 a.m. Thursdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, read, art, writing, lharris@jcplin.org, pageafterpage.org PRESCHOOL STORY TIME, 10 a.m. Thursdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, ages 3 to 5, registration, 535-6206, pageafterpage.org STORY TIMES TO GO, 10:30 a.m. Tuesdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, ages 2 to 4, pageafterpage.org BABY STORY TIME, 2 p.m. Thursdays, Southport library, 2630 E. Stop 11 Road, Indianapolis, free, babies up to 23 months and an adult, active program with stories, songs, fun to develop a love of books, 275-4510 CENTRAL INDIANA YOUTH CHORUS CHORAL INSTRUCTION, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Tuesdays year-round, East 10th St. United Methodist Church, 2327 E. 10th St., Indianapolis; activity for boys and girls age 10 to 18 who like to sing and learn to sing four-part a cappella harmony; ongoing registration; reading music not required; contact: 407-4564; janettenor@comcast.net; ciybc.org STORYTIME YOGA, noon to 12:45 p.m. Saturdays, Peaceful Heart Yoga Studio, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, $12, ages 3 and older, 843-267-5381, peaceful-heart-yoga.com Movies & Theater ‘KEY LARGO,’ 2 and 7:30 p.m. June 2-3, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $3 to $5, not rated| 1 hr 40 min | action, crime, drama; starring Humphrey Bogart, Edward G. Robinson, Lauren Bacall, a man visits his old friend’s hotel and finds a gangster running things. As a hurricane approaches, the two end up confronting each other; historicartcrafttheatre.org ARTCRAFT SUMMER BREAK MOVIE SERIES: ‘AN AMERICAN TAIL: FIEVEL GOES WEST,’ 10 a.m. June 6, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $5 admission, includes small popcorn and a drink, www.historicartcrafttheatre.org. SUMMER MOVIE CAMP SERIES: ‘KUNG FU PANDA,’ 10 a.m. June 7, Canary Creek Cinema, 870 Mallory Parkway, Franklin, PG 95 minutes, free to all patrons, sponsored by Bradley Chevrolet, Corn Country Radio, Franklin Parks and Recreation, Horizon Bank, Denny’s Restaurant, and Victory Christian pre-school; www.canarycreekcinemas.com ARTCRAFT SUMMER BREAK MOVIE SERIES: ‘BABE,’ 10 a.m. June 13, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $5 admission, includes small popcorn and a drink, www.historicartcrafttheatre.org. SUMMER MOVIE CAMP SERIES: ‘THE ANGRY BIRDS,’ 10 a.m. June 14, Canary Creek Cinema, 870 Mallory Parkway, Franklin, PG 97 minutes, free to all patrons, sponsored by Bradley Chevrolet, Corn Country Radio, Franklin Parks and Recreation, Horizon Bank, Denny’s Restaurant, and Victory Christian pre-school; www.canarycreekcinemas.com ARTCRAFT SUMMER BREAK MOVIE SERIES: ‘A BOY NAMED CHARLIE BROWN,’ 10 a.m. June 20, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $5 admission, includes small popcorn and a drink, www.historicartcrafttheatre.org. SUMMER MOVIE CAMP SERIES: ‘ICE AGE: COLLISION COURSE,’ 10 a.m. June 21 Canary Creek Cinema, 870 Mallory Parkway, Franklin, PG 94 min, free to all patrons, sponsored by Bradley Chevrolet, Corn Country Radio, Franklin Parks and Recreation, Horizon Bank, Denny’s Restaurant, and Victory Christian pre-school; www.canarycreekcinemas.com ARTCRAFT SUMMER BREAK MOVIE SERIES: ‘SPACE JAM,’ 10 a.m. June 27, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $5 admission, includes small popcorn and a drink, www.historicartcrafttheatre.org. DIRTY DANCING 2 and 7:30 p.m. June 9-10, 10 p.m. June 10, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, PG-13 | 1 hr 40 min | drama, music, romance; $3 -$5, starring Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Jerry Orbach; Spending the summer at a Catskills resort with her family, Frances “Baby” Houseman falls in love with the camp’s dance instructor, Johnny Castle. Special Saturday night, 10 p.m show: “Dirty Dancing and Drinkin!” – $10 tickets include voucher for a glass of wine; historicartcrafttheatre.org Museums ‘ANSWERING THE CALL: JOHNSON COUNTY IN WORLD WAR I,’ Johnson County Museum of History, 135 N. Main St., Franklin; exhibit will tell the story of Johnson County’s involvement in World War I at home and abroad. For more information, visit the website at www.johnsoncountymuseum.org or call 317-346-4500. BEYOND SPACESHIP EARTH, Children’s Museum of Indianapolis, 3000 N. Meridian St., immersive exhibit tells dynamic story of space exploration from NASA’s Project Mercury program, which sent the first Americans into space, to the International Space Station. Families can see astronaut artifacts, learn space-travel history and immerse themselves in the life of an astronaut. International Space Station Exhibit: Discover how astronauts perform scientific experiments in space; View real video of an astronaut’s day-to-day life in space; Try on space gear, and try out interactive space-task activities. Indiana Astronaut Wall of Fame: Learn about the Hoosiers who’ve made astronomical impact; View space artifacts and images from the Purdue University Archives; Explore the database of Indiana astronauts. Schaefer Planetarium and Space Object Theater: See the Liberty Bell 7, the capsule behind America’s second manned space flight; Experience Gus Grissom’s story in the a dynamic sound and light show Flight of the Liberty Bell 7; admission and complete information: childrensmuseum.org YOU ARE THERE: HOME CANNING, open through Aug. 12, Eugene and Marilyn Glick Indiana History Center, 450 W. Ohio St., Indianapolis. Exhibition is taking guests back to canning’s Hoosier beginnings. The exhibit explores the impact the Ball Brothers Company from Muncie, had on the original food preservation movement across the United States. A supporting content room will focus on topics such as Ball Brothers company history; World War II-era food preservation techniques and kitchens; seasonal food guides; and a resurgence in canning popularity. For more information on IHS or the Indiana Experience, call 317-232-1882 or visit www.indianahistory.org. EARLY STAGE: ALZHEIMER’S TOURS, 2 to 4 p.m. fourth Tuesday of the month, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 Michigan Road, meet on Floor 2 at top of escalator, free, registration required through the Alzheimer’s Association, 1-800-272-3900, new program at the IMA, launched in partnership with the Alzheimer’s Association, Greater Indianapolis Chapter, designed for early-stage Alzheimer’s patients and provides an opportunity for patients to participate in a facilitated conversation of artworks in the IMA collection with their caregiver, family and friends, ima.org THE POWER OF CHILDREN: MAKING A DIFFERENCE, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday, Children’s Museum of Indianapolis, 3000 N. Meridian St., Indianapolis, exhibit about children who’ve made a difference in the world, exhibit includes Anne Frank and Ryan White, complete hours and admission information: childrensmuseum.org. GUIDED DOCENT TOURS, booked during museum hours, Monday through Sunday, Indiana State Museum, 650 W. Washington St., Indianapolis included with museum admission, 10 or more visitors needed to participate, in-depth experience of selected museum exhibitions and themes, conducted by registration only and must be booked at least two weeks in advance, tour lengths are 30 minutes to one hour depending on group preference, call 317-234-1728 for details INDIANAPOLIS MUSEUM OF ART PERMANENT EXHIBIT TOURS, 1 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, 2:30 p.m. Sundays, 7 p.m. Thursdays, ASL interpreted tours occur each month at 7 p.m. on the second Thursday and at 2:30 p.m. the third Sunday “Ask Me!” Roaming docents are available in the galleries from 1 to 3 p.m. on Saturdays to answer questions and share information. Tours meet at the top of the escalator, on Floor 2. Assistive listening devices are available by request. For a schedule of upcoming public tour topics, visit the website, free, 4000 Michigan Road, Indianapolis; imamuseum.org/programs/tours MEDITATION HIKES, 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. Fridays, free, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000, Michigan Road, Indianapolis, meet at the Efroymson Family Entrance Pavilion, hikes facilitated by Global Peace Initiatives, hikes occur on museum grounds regardless of weather, globalpeaceinitiatives.net ART-MAKING ACTIVITIES, noon to 4 p.m. Saturdays, Star Studio Classroom, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 Michigan Road, Indianapolis, free drop-in visitor art making available; work with a teaching artist and make your own piece of art inspired by the exhibitions and ideas on display at the museum, projects designed to be accessible and fun for museum visitors of all ages and levels of experience Music SWINGIN’ SOUNDS OF BENNY GOODMAN, 7:30 p.m. June 1, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, Paul Cosentino and the Boilermaker Jazz Band will bring the energy and delicate swing of the Benny Goodman small bands to you, performing some of their best known material. You’ll also hear some of your favorite Goodman Big Band melodies, done small band style. $10-$15; www.historicartcrafttheatre.org GREENWOOD PARK MALL SUMMER CONCERT SERIES: ROD TUFFCURLS AND THE BENCH PRESS, 6:30 p.m. June 1, Greenwood Park Mall, outdoor fountain on mall’s north side, free series will highlight a variety of music including country, rock, R&B, Top 40, with tributes to Elton John and Billy Joel; Rod Tuffcurls and the Bench Press, is a Chicago-based cover band with a national following. Their repertoire includes hits by Hall & Oats, Taylor Swift, Queen, the Beatles, Broadway musicals and Disney classics; free, for more information, visit www.shopgreenwoodparkmall.com. MILITARY BAND, 7 p.m. June 3, Edinburgh Pixy Theatre, 111 S. Walnut St., Edinburgh, free, visit www.TheEdinburghPixy.com for schedule information and more in-depth event descriptions or call 812-526-6513. GREENWOOD COMMUNITY BAND NETHERLANDS TOUR PREVIEW CONCERT, 7 p.m. June 4, Greenwood Amphitheater, 100 Surina Way, free concert previewing the band’s June 5-12 international tour in the Netherlands, where they’ve been invited to play with other community bands in Monnickendam, just outside of Amsterdam; music will be a mix of traditional and contemporary American works for the Monnickendam community as part of the band’s commitment to be music ambassadors; donations are always welcome at GoFundMe.com/ggcbtrip. GREENWOOD PARK MALL CONCERT SERIES: BLUE RIVER BAND, 6:30 p.m. June 8, Greenwood Park Mall, outdoor fountain on mall’s north side, free series will highlight a variety of music including country, rock, R&B, Top 40, with tributes to Elton John and Billy Joel; A country band formed in Greenwood, Blue River Band is known for its high energy at live performances. The multi-instrument band will perform a set of country cover songs; for more information, visit www.shopgreenwoodparkmall.com. THE DIXIE MELODY BOYS, 7:30 p.m. June 9, Miss Betty’s Music Hall, 107 S. Pleasant St., Trafalgar, gospel music quartet will share unique, four-part Southern Gospel-style harmony; The Dixie Melody Boys have enjoyed success including a Grammy nomination and numerous Fan Award nominations from The Singing News Magazine; hit releases include “I’ll Be Living That Way,” “I Won’t Compromise,” “Welcome Home,” “Antioch Church Choir” and “I’m One Of Them;” group leader Ed O’Neal, a 50-year gospel music veteran was inducted into the Southern Gospel Music Association Hall of Fame in 2004: information: www.dixiemelodyboys.com. GREENWOOD PARK MALL CONCERT SERIES: SIMPLY ELTON, 6:30 p.m. June 15, Greenwood Park Mall, outdoor fountain on mall’s north side, free series will highlight a variety of music including country, rock, R&B, Top 40; Brian Harris brings Sir Elton John’s over-the-top piano style, costumes, and rock and roll talent to the Midwest; www.shopgreenwoodparkmall.com. POLKA BOY, 7 p.m. June 10, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville; Your favorite hit with a polka twist!; $15 in advance, $20 day of show. Children 12 & under free. Tickets available for purchase online at mallowrun.com. MUSIC ON THE PATIO, 2-5 p.m. June 11, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville; music by Exit 99, enjoy laid back music and summer snacks on the patio. Winery open 12-6pm. Free admission. MUSIC ON THE PATIO, 2-5 p.m. June 18, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville; music by Davis & Devitt, enjoy laid back music and summer snacks on the patio. Winery open 12-6pm. Free admission. EATS & BEATS NIGHT, 5-9 p.m. June 17, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville; music 5:30-8:30 p.m. by Royalty – a Prince tribute band Join in an evening of music and wine on the lawn.Food trucks will also be lined up outside the tasting room offering a variety of delicious mobile eats. Free admission. Family friendly; mallowrun.com JAMIE NICHOLE, 7 p.m. June 17, Pixy Theatre, 111 S. Walnut St., Edinburgh, folk, Americana, $10, www.TheEdinburghPixy.com for schedule information and more in-depth event descriptions or call 812-526-6513. GREENWOOD PARK MALL CONCERT SERIES: MIKE AND JOE, 6:30 p.m. June 22, Greenwood Park Mall, outdoor fountain on mall’s north side, free series will highlight a variety of music including country, rock, R&B, Top 40; From The Eagles to Maroon 5 to Mumford and Sons to Weezer, Mike and Joe perform rock’s best classics and contemporaries; www.shopgreenwoodparkmall.com. SUMMER CONCERT SERIES: COUNTRY JAMBOREE, 7 to 10 p.m. June 23, 24 N. Main St., Bargersville; tribute to Johnny Cash and Patsy Cline, contact Kelly Higdon, 317-422-3126 CHORDLIGHTERS BARBERSHOP CHORUS, 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Grace United Methodist Church, 1300 E. Adams Drive, Franklin, men who like to sing and who are interested in the group should come to a rehearsal, call 882-5187 or visit chordlighters.org/ for more information. Seniors CARD GAMES, 1 p.m. Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, Franklin Active Adult Center, 160 E. Adams St., bid euchre on Tuesday, euchre on Thursday or pinochle on Friday. Call 317-736-3696 for further information. BINGO, 1 p.m. Mondays and Wednesdays, Franklin Active Adult Center at 160 E. Adams St., pay 50 cents per card and try for regular, special, or cover-all wins, call 317-736-3696 for further information. EXERCISE CLASSES, 10 a.m. Monday, Wednesday and Friday — Exercise Circle; 10 a.m. Tuesday and Thursday — Tai Chi; 10:45 a.m. Tuesday and Thursday — chair yoga, Franklin Active Adult Center, 150 E. Adams St., call 317-736-3696 for further information. MEXICAN TRAIN, 11 a.m. first and third Fridays, Franklin Active Adult Center, 160 E. Adams St., play Mexican Train (dominoes). This easy to learn game is fun for everyone! Call 317-736-3696 for further information. JOYFUL NOISE SINGERS, 10:45 a.m. Mondays, Franklin Active Adult Center, 160 E. Adams St., Do you like to sing? Join the Joyful Noise singers for oldies, classics, hymns, and more. Call 317-736-3696 for further information. LINE DANCING, 11:30 a.m. Mondays, Franklin Active Adult Center, 160 E. Adams St., call 317-736-3696 for further information. HEALTHY EATING AND LIVING (HEAL) CLASS, 1 p.m. first Monday of the month, the Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., goal of this group is to share healthy recipes, healthy eating tips, and learn to prepare these dishes. Meetings are for anyone who enjoys cooking and wants to share their joy with others and learn new ways to cook and eat healthy. Call 3882-4810 for more information. The cost of this class is $2 per session. BARGERSVILLE SENIOR CENTER, 5 to 8 p.m. Tuesdays, 14 W. Old South St. Bargersville, meal, guitar-picking and singing and karaoke. Information: 317-797-5527 COMMUNITY BINGO, 2 p.m. last Friday of the month, Hickory Creek of Franklin, 580 Lemley St., Franklin, musical entertainment, refreshments, bingo starts about 2:30 p.m., free, must RSVP two weeks in advance, 736-8214 COMPUTER CLASSES, 10 a.m. Mondays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., free, sign up at 882-4810 BUNKA EMBROIDERY, 6:30 p.m. second and fourth Thursday of the month, $1, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St. MEXICAN TRAIN, 1 p.m., The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1 MAH-JONGG, 1 p.m. Wednesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1 MOVIE MATINEE, last Wednesday of each month, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1, 882-4810 ZUMBA, 6:30 p.m. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, $5, Trafalgar Banquet Center, 107 S. Pleasant St., 878-4424 BINGO, 6 p.m. Thursdays and 9:30 a.m. Fridays, $4 at The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 EUCHRE, 6:30 p.m. Tuesdays, 1 p.m. Thursdays, Trafalgar Banquet Center, 107 S. Pleasant St., $3, 878-4424. 10-MINUTE CHAIR MASSAGE, noon to 2 p.m. by appointment second Tuesday of each month, free, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 HEARING AID CLEANING AND BATTERIES, 11 a.m. to noon, second Monday of each month, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St. FOLK DANCING, 9:30 a.m. Thursdays, $4, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St. FREE FITNESS EQUIPMENT INSTRUCTION, 12:45 p.m. first and third Thursday of the month, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., Greenwood Meadows representative will do fitness equipment instruction, sign-up in advance is required, thesocialofgreenwood.org. SENIOR STRETCH ’N’ FLEX, 11:15 a.m. to noon, every Tuesday and the second and third Thursday in the Activity Room, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., exercise class involves sitting and using stretching bands to perform stretches, $3, thesocialofgreenwood.org NIA, 6:15 p.m. Wednesdays, $5, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk Street, Greenwood, expressive body, mind, movement and lifestyle practice that promotes fitness and health, offers both traditional and nontraditional benefits including cardiovascular conditioning, flexibility, strength, balance, endurance and relaxation, thesocialofgreenwood.org NINEVEH SENIOR CENTER, 3208 Rodeo Drive, Johnson County Park, next to the horse park, for those 50 and older; weekly activities: 6:30 p.m. Wednesdays: euchre, cost is $1, dominoes, free; ping-pong after cards; 6:30 p.m. Thursdays, bid euchre, cost is $1; 9 a.m. Mondays and Fridays, Shanghai cards; 10 a.m. Mondays: ping-pong; second Friday of the month: pitch-in lunch at noon followed by business meeting. Info: Jon Myers 812-343-4229 CENTRAL INDIANA COUNCIL ON AGING NEIGHBORHOOD MEALS, 11:30 a.m. to noon Monday through Friday, Crestwood Village South, 8811 Madison Ave., Building 6, Indianapolis, suggested donation $2, hot, nutritious meals for adults 60 and older, call for reservation 24 hours in advance, 888-7973, cicoa.org DAILY SENIOR LUNCHEON, 11:30 a.m. to noon Monday through Friday, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., suggested donation $2 for those age 55 and beyond, call by noon the day before for reservations, provided by Central Indiana Council on Aging and In-Home Solutions’ Meals and More program, 882-4810 NUTRITIONAL SENIOR MEALS, 11:30 a.m. to noon Mondays and Fridays, Nineveh Senior Center, Schoolhouse Road and Rodeo Drive, Johnson County Park, $4.60, call two days in advance to order meal, Rose McTarsney, 346-0173 DUPLICATE BRIDGE, 12:30 p.m. Mondays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1, 882-4810 BODY BALANCE AND STRENGTH EXERCISE, 9 a.m. Mondays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., taught by personal trainer, $5, tips to gain control of your health, registration required, 882-4810 HELPING HANDS MINISTRY: HOT MEALS, 5 to 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Franklin Church of Christ, 3600 U.S. 31 North, free, different hot meals every week, Patty Rash, 560-1847, 535-5200, ext. 1, franklinchurch.org Wii BOWLING, 10 a.m. Tuesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1, 882-4810 EUCHRE, 1 p.m. Tuesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $2, 882-4810 BUILDING BETTER BONES EXERCISES, 10:15 a.m. Tuesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 TRAFALGAR SENIOR CITIZENS, meetings at 11:30 a.m. second Wednesday of each month at the Sycamore Bible Church, 699 E. Park St. Bring a lunch and two or three covered prizes for bingo; 878-5475 CONTRACT BRIDGE, 1 p.m. Thursdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1, 882-4810 NONIMPACT AEROBICS, 10:30 a.m. Mondays and Wednesdays, 6 p.m. Tuesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 Social groups and clubs AMERICAN LEGION WEEKLY TREASURE HUNT, 7:30 p.m. Thursdays, American Legion Franklin Post 205, 1200 Park Ave.; post, is open daily at 2 p.m. and at noon on Saturday. Public is welcome. Call 317-738-9934; Registration required. GREATER GREENWOOD LIONS CLUB MEETING, 6:30 p.m. Golden Corral, 160 S. Marlin Drive, Greenwood, visitors welcome, information: Vickie Gilmore, 812-603-4440 DOLLAR HOT DOGS, noon to 5 p.m. daily, Greenwood American Legion Post 252, 234 S. U.S. 31, 317-881-1752. DOLLAR BEER FRIDAYS, noon to close Fridays, American Legion Greenwood Post 252, 334 S. U.S. 31, Greenwood, 317-881-1752 JOHNSON COUNTY EMT ASSOCIATION TRAINING SESSIONS, 7:30 p.m. first Monday of the month, Johnson County Emergency Operations Center, behind jail facility; sessions for anyone interested in emergency medicine or for EMTs who need in-service training hours to maintain their certification; information, Roger Gifford 317-422-5703 or Pat McDaniel 317-881-8872. FRANKLIN LIONS CLUB, 7 p.m. first and third Mondays of each month, Grace United Methodist Church, 1300 E. Adams Drive, Franklin, meetings are held in the second-floor meeting room on the east side of the building, for more information, contact Lion Paul Cote at 736-4707. TEXAS HOLD ‘EM, sign up 6 to 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Greenwood Moose Lodge 2079, 813 W. Smith Valley Road, buy-in, $40 and includes dinner, 881-9668 BINGO, warm-ups start at 6:30 p.m., games at 7 p.m. Mondays, Greenwood Moose Lodge 2079, 813 W. Smith Valley Road, minimum package $10, 881-9668 VINEYARD TOASTMASTERS CLUB, 7 p.m. Mondays, Perry Township Trustee Office, 4925 Shelby St., Indianapolis; new members welcome any time; website: 1109991.toastmastersclubs.org; contact Edward Barrett, 888-5176, tmebarrett@aol.com GREATER GREENWOOD LIONS CLUB, 6:30 p.m. meet-and-greet, 7 p.m. meeting, meets second and fourth Tuesdays at Golden Corral, 160 Marlin Drive, Greenwood TRIVIA SHOW, 7:30 p.m. Tuesdays, Crowbar Restaurant Lounge, 209 S. State Road 135, Trafalgar, all are welcome to participate or watch the game. JOHNSON COUNTY SHUFFLEBOARD CLUB, 5 to 9 p.m. Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays, 9:30 a.m. to noon Saturdays starting May 5, Herring Hall at the Johnson County Fairgrounds, 250 Fairground St., Franklin, all ages are welcome, dues $10 per person and $1 per session, non-members can play for $2 per session, Bruce Lucas 403-6459 MID-STATE AMATEUR RADIO CLUB monthly meetings 8 a.m. on the third Saturday of the month, Johnson County REMC office, 750 International Drive, Franklin. Meetings are open to the public for anyone interested in amateur radio. Volunteer Examiner testing starts at about 930 a.m. More information on Facebook at facebook.com/MidStateARC/; or www.midstatehams.org OR contact us at PIO@midstatehams.org BINGO, 6:30 p.m. Wednesdays, Greenwood VFW, 333 S. Washington St., $17 to $21, doors open 5:30 p.m., warm-up games 6:30 p.m., sandwich menu available until 8:30 p.m., smoke-free, 888-2488 GREATER GREENWOOD TOASTMASTERS CLUB, 6:45 a.m. Fridays, Community Hospital South Education Center, 1402 E. County Line Road, Indianapolis, public is invited, improve your public speaking skills and meet new people, information: SFuller1@me.com SOUTH CENTRAL INDIANA CORVETTE CLUB, recruiting new members. You don’t have to own a Corvette to join, you just have to be a Corvette enthusiast. The group raises money for the Ronald McDonald House of Indiana. Meetings are at 7 p.m. the second and fourth Wednesdays of the month at Hubler Chevrolet on U.S. 31. Information: scincc.com HUMANE SOCIETY OF JOHNSON COUNTY WEEKLY ADOPTION, 5 to 7 p.m. Thursdays and 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays, Humane Society Johnson County Pet Center, 3827 N. Graham Road, Franklin, cost depends on pet, hsjc.org, 535-6626, about 20 new animals each week, if interested in specific pet, contact humane society in advance PETS ALIVE SPAY AND NEUTER TRANSPORT, first Thursday of the month at Humane Society Johnson County Pet Center, 3827 N. Graham Road, Franklin, 7:15 to 8 a.m. drop-off; next day return transport, noon to 12:30 p.m. Information: hsjc.org, 535-6626 HUMANE SOCIETY OF JOHNSON COUNTY PET FOOD PANTRY, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., first Monday of the month at the pet center, 3827 N. Graham Road, Franklin, hsjc.org, 535-6626 AVA MARIA GUILD OF ST. PAUL HERMITAGE, 12:30 p.m. second Tuesday of each month, except for April, June and December when the meetings start at noon. No meetings in January and February, St. Paul Hermitage, 501 N. 17th Ave., Beech Grove, free, Linda Augenstein, 885-5098, beaglered@aol.com GREENWOOD VFW LADIES EUCHRE, 2 p.m. Saturdays, Greenwood VFW Post 5864, 333 S. Washington St., $5, friendly game, helps ladies raise money for special projects they support, 888-2488 WOODCARVING, 6 p.m. Thursdays, 9 a.m. Saturdays, $1, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 THE SOCIAL OF GREENWOOD DAY TRIP, every third Wednesday of the month, for information, thesocialofgreenwood.org, 882-4810 Teens THE COURT, 3:30 to 9 p.m. Monday through Thursday; 7 p.m. to midnight Friday and Saturday; $5 cover charge on weekends, 7 Trafalgar Square, Trafalgar, safe, clean environment for teens offering Wi-Fi, jukebox, concessions, a dance floor, arcades and a DJ on the weekends, 765-341-0568 CENTRAL INDIANA YOUTH CHORUS, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Tuesdays, East 10th Street United Methodist Church, 2327 E. 10th St., Indianapolis, free, ages 10 to 18, learn to sing four-part a cappella harmony, performance opportunities, ongoing registration, Janet Foster, 407-4564, janettenor@comcast.net, ciybc.org DANCING WITH A PURPOSE, 3 to 5:30 p.m. every Tuesday, Freedom Center, 6240 W. Stones Crossing Road, Greenwood, free, teens meet in the cafeteria for pizza, drinks, ministry to provide a fun and safe environment, talk, dance, pray, small groups, listen to inspirational speakers and leaders, dwap2010@gmail.com Wine and food STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL, noon to 9 p.m. June 3, noon to 6 p.m. June 4, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville, music 1-4 p.m. by Kelleen Strutz and 5:30-8:30 p.m. by Mike & Joe on Saturday, music 2-5 p.m. Sunday by Woomblies; annual celebration of all things strawberry. Enjoy the yearly small-batch release of sweet strawberry wine plus extra-large strawberry shortcakes and fresh berries to take home; menu of BBQ eats available. Free admission. Family friendly. Complimentary wine tasting in the tasting room until 6 p.m. mallowrun.com AMITY VOLUNTEER FIRE RELAY FOR LIFE BREAKFAST FUNDRAISER, 7:30 to 11:30 a.m. June 17, Amity Volunteer Fire Department will host a Relay for Life breakfast fundraiser — biscuits and gravy, eggs, sausage and a choice of drink; cost for adults is $7 and for children under 10 is $5. All are welcome. All proceeds go tot he American Cancer Society for research funding. AMERICAN LEGION BISCUITS AND GRAVY BREAKFAST, 7 to 10 a.m. every first Saturday of the month, Franklin American Legion Post 205, 1200 Park Ave. All you can eat for $3. Open to the public. 317-738-9934 Dave Rook – Russ Wilkerson FFA PORK CHOP DINNERS, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. third Tuesdays of the month, FFA Leadership Center, 6595 S. 125 W, Trafalgar, entrée, three sides, dessert and drinks for $15. Reservations should be made with Chris Nix at 317-878-4570 and are accepted until 4 p.m. each third Tuesday. ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT BREAKFAST, 7 to 10 a.m. last Saturday of each month, Greenwood Masonic Lodge 514, 592 N. Meridian St., $7, 437-5428 MONTHLY BREAKFAST, 7 to 10 a.m. first Saturday of the month, Whiteland Masonic Lodge, 39 S. Front St., $6, all-you-can-eat which includes scrambled eggs, sausage, biscuits with gravy, and pancakes plus juice, milk, and coffee. Everyone welcome to come and meet your friends and enjoy good food. COMMUNITY MEALS, 5 to 7 p.m. Monday, Greenwood Christian Church, 2045 Averitt Road; 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesday, Greenwood United Methodist Church, 525 N. Madison Ave., 5 to 7 p.m., Tuesday, Turning Point Church, 3600 N. Morton St., Franklin; 5 to 6:30 p.m. Tabernacle Christian Church, 198 N. Water St., Franklin, 5 to 7 p.m. Wednesday and Thursday, Center Grove Church, 2340 S. State Road 135, Greenwood; 6 to 7:30 p.m. second Wednesdays, Stones Crossing Church, 7000 W. Stones Crossing Road, Greenwood; 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Mount Auburn United Methodist Church, 3100 W. Stones Crossing Road, Greenwood; 5 to 6:30 p.m. Friday, Grace United Methodist Church, 1300 E. Adams Drive, Franklin; 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Fridays, Resurrection Lutheran Church, 445 E. Stop 11 Road, Indianapolis; 5 to 7 p.m. second and fourth Saturdays, Honey Creek United Methodist Church, 2722 S. Honey Creek Road, Greenwood, 6 to 8 p.m. every third Monday, Greenwood First Presbyterian Church, 102 W. Main St.; 5 to 6:30 p.m., some Mondays, Hopewell Presbyterian, 677 W. State Road 144, Franklin; for more information about participating, contact Cathy Ann Armour at carmourconsulting@gmail.com. or call her at 317-716-3900 or contact one of the organizations serving the meals, to see the monthly menu calendar, visit underthesonfaithcommunity.org or pick up a copy at any of the locations serving the meals. SHEPHERD’S TABLE FREE LUNCH, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesdays, Greenwood United Methodist Church, 524 N. Madison Ave., free, 317-881-1653 PANCAKE BREAKFAST, 8 to 10 a.m. third Saturday of every month, First Baptist Church of Greenwood, 99 W. Main St., free, firstbaptistgreenwood.org STAY CONNECTED 12,600FansLike 3,777FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 04, 11:56 PM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Eliza Wasni, 16-Year-Old Girl, Charged With Stabbing, Murdering Uber Driver In Chicago By Shreesha Ghosh @Shreesha_94 On 06/01/17 AT 2:18 AM Close A 16-year-old girl was charged Wednesday with first degree murder after she was said to have randomly stabbed her Uber driver with a machete and a knife that she had stolen from Walmart in Lincolnwood, Illinois, Chicago, authorities said. Prosecutors identified the teenager as Eliza Wasni from Chicago, who appeared in court for a bond hearing in Skokie, Illinois . The prosecutors called the act “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner.” On Wednesday afternoon, a Cook County judge ruled that Wasni would be held without bail in the stabbing of the Uber driver Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette, Illinois. Read: Uber Lawsuit: Company Fails To Accommodate People With Disabilities According to Cook County State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham, Wasni had taken two other Uber rides before Nelson picked her up from a Walmart store in Skokie, when she was carrying a machete and a knife. Two minutes later, Wasni stabbed Nelson from the backseat inside the car. Nelson then managed to pull over his car and ran into a condo apartment building lobby where he banged the lobby doors and screamed “Help me, help me. I'm going to die.” Following this, the residents called 911, Cunningham said. The teenager tried to escape in Nelson’s vehicle however; she hit a median and then left the car and ran on foot. Police officers found a blood trail that led them to the wounded Uber driver. Nelson was taken to a hospital nearby where he later succumbed to his injuries. Wasni was found crouching behind an office building’s air conditioning unit that was quite far from the crime scene. Cunningham said that the officers requested her to put down her weapons but she refused to do so. Then one of the officers tased her and took her into custody. Police officers were able to track the last rider on the Uber driver’s phone in order to see that “Eliza” was the last customer who rode the vehicle. Prosecutors said that the surveillance footage from Walmart showed the teenager left the store without paying for the machete and the knife. Prosecutors also stated that Wasni violated Uber’s terms and conditions, which mention that customers must be at least 18 years old to take a ride. Wasni only confirmed her name during the bond hearing. Her public defender told the court that she attends Taft High School in Chicago and lives with a single mother. Read: Indiana Teen, Who Was Focus Of Amber Alert, Charged In Mother's Stabbing Death An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement Wednesday that the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Outside the courtroom, Nelson's brother, Todd Nelson, called him “the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children.” His sister, Alexandra Nelson, also added that the family hopes “justice will happen,” condemning the attack and called it “horrifying and maddening.” “He was not a vindictive person,” Alexandra added. “He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate.” The victim’s autopsy results are still pending. The authorities stated that this was the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, when a man killed his brother over a dispute regarding domestic issues. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Uber Driver Saves Girl From Child Sex Trafficking Uber Driver Twitter Story Goes Viral Recommended Business Chevy's Bolt Is Being Beaten To A Pulp By Tesla's Model 3 The Chevy Bolt is the little engine that couldn't live up to anticipation from GM. Elon Musk's Tesla Model 3 is beating it into oblivion. Technology Happy But Depressed? You May Have Smiling Depression Smiling depression is characterized by appearing happy on the outside, and keeping the pain on the inside. World Photo Of Canadian Man Casually Mowing Lawn With Tornado Behind Him Goes Viral The tornado in Alberta, Canada, resulted in damage to property but caused no causalities. Alberta generally experiences about 15 tornadoes every year, typically between the months of April and September. National Democrats Tired Of Clinton Blame Tour The former secretary of state has been speaking her mind about the Trump administration, but fellow Democrats say she should step aside. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Monday, June 5th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Game 2: Warriors 132, Cavaliers 113 (final) 10:46 p.m. Sun Yearly cost to hold one felon in prison soar... 11:59 a.m. Sun Cosby plans not to testify as his sex-assaul... 11:52 a.m. Sun OSU considers revising policy on benefits fo... 11:39 a.m. Sun Ohio braces for avalanche of marijuana-growi... 11:35 a.m. Sun More than 1,200 take part in first Youngstow... 11:35 a.m. Sun all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home POLICE CALLS IN POLAND, BOARDMAN | Print Tweet Published: Thu, June 1, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. POLICE CALLS A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND May 24 Burglary: To a residence in the 7300 block of Clovermeade Drive through a rear door that sustained damage. Nothing appeared to have been stolen, however. May 25 Damage: A vehicle’s rear window was damaged at a Center Road business. Harassment: An Oak Drive woman said she’s being harassed via telecommunications. BOARDMAN May 26 Assault: A Carter Circle woman told officers a man to whom she owes $30 grabbed her hair, pushed the accuser’s head down and struck her in the back while demanding she pay him back. Employee theft: Marcus J. Magby, 22, of Ferndale Avenue, Youngstown, faced a theft charge after an internal investigation at Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive, reportedly revealed he had intentionally failed to scan about $60 worth of items. During an interview with a loss-prevention official, Magby admitted having stolen $985 worth of merchandise from the big-box store over a one-year period, a police report showed. Theft: Gloria J. Samuels, 57, of North Main Street, Poland, was charged with taking $44 worth of property, including women’s undergarments, from Walmart. Robbery: A man about age 30 wearing black sweatpants and black-and-white shoes reportedly stole $20 worth of air fresheners from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St., then pushed an employee out the door as she tried to stop him. Theft: Marcus R. Pearson, 28, of Lexington Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with stealing three pairs of men’s shorts valued at $135 from Zumiez, a clothing store in Southern Park Mall. Counterfeit: A woman reported having noticed in a trash bin near her Wolosyn Circle apartment a bag that contained what appeared to be money before police determined the contents was $345 in fake bills. Drugs: While responding to a traffic complaint in the 5100 block of Market Street, officers charged Raheem A. Satterthwaite of Sciota Avenue, Boardman, with drug abuse. Satterthwaite, 27, had a folded napkin that contained four pills he said were Tramadol, an opioid commonly used to treat moderate to severe pain, but with no prescription, a report showed. Domestic violence: Ira W. Edwards, 63, of Market Street, Boardman, faced one felony count each of domestic violence and violating a protection order after his pregnant wife alleged Edwards threw her to the ground during an argument. The charges were upgraded because of a prior domestic-violence conviction and because Edwards violated the order while committing a felony offense, a report stated. Employee theft: Authorities charged Henry L. Wylie IV of Hamrock Drive, Campbell, after a Walmart loss-prevention official alleged that over a four-month period, Wylie, 21, had deliberately conducted various over-ride transactions to discount items for friends and himself, resulting in a $580 loss. Drugs: Youngstown police handed Jay R. Weston, 31, to township authorities. Weston, of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, Youngstown, was charged with possession of drug-abuse instruments, related to a possible drug overdose Jan. 13 in a Southern Park Mall restroom, where officers reported having found two used needles. Counterfeit: A Canfield man told police that while in the 1300 block of Doral Drive, he had sold an Xbox game system and related items to a man who provided two phony $100 bills. Assault: A Southern Boulevard man alleged a man who had been hired to perform lawn-care services at the apartment complex pushed him away when the accuser asked him to mow the grass lower in certain areas to protect his dog from possibly getting ticks. Theft: Ruthmarie C. Holmes, 35, of Ferndale Avenue, Youngstown, was charged in the theft of four items from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St. May 27 Arrest: Elizabeth M. Fludd of South Garland Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with operating a vehicle impaired after police had pulled her over on Market Street. Fludd, 42, refused to undergo a Breathalyzer test, a report said. Criminal damaging: A Jeep in the 4000 block of Hillman Way was found with a broken rear window. Damage came to $500. Arrest: Police responded to a three-car crash with an injury near South Avenue and Mathews Road before charging Brooke M. Hernandez, 33, of Shadyside Drive, Boardman, with operating a vehicle impaired. Hernandez refused to submit to a Breathalyzer test, authorities said. Drugs: After pulling him over near Grover Drive and Indianola Road, officers took into custody Joseph J. Kucala, 54, who listed two Youngstown addresses as well as one on Westchester Drive, Austintown, and charged him with drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia. Kucala, who also was wanted on two bench warrants, had two pill bottles, one each with suspected marijuana and cocaine residue, a pipe with suspected marijuana residue, a straw and a container with an Oxycodone pill, a report stated. Identity fraud: A Jaguar Drive man told police a bank in Delaware informed him that someone had opened an account with the victim’s personal information, resulting in $802 worth of fraudulent activity. Arrest: Authorities at an Operating a Vehicle Impaired checkpoint near South Avenue and Mathews Road arrested Lelan C. Bright, 27, of East Dewey Avenue, Youngstown, on charges of OVI and drug abuse after alleging Bright had in the car one over-the-counter pill. Theft: A man reported having lost his wallet at a Market Street restaurant before realizing it likely was stolen. Theft by deception: Daniel A. Davis, 38, of Geneva Avenue, Struthers, faced a misdemeanor theft-by-deception charge after having been accused of selecting two clothing items, removing the price tags and attempting to return the merchandise, for which he received a $59 gift card. Unauthorized use of a vehicle: A Shadyside Drive woman alleged her daughter-in-law took the accuser’s 2013 Hyundai without permission. Arrest: Melvin Clark, 59, of Roxbury Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with operating a vehicle impaired after having been pulled over near a township OVI checkpoint. Clark registered a 0.281 blood-alcohol content, which is more than three times Ohio’s 0.08 legal intoxication limit, a report showed. Criminal mischief/menacing: An Arlene Avenue woman told authorities her former boyfriend wrote an ominous message on her vehicle’s window, then placed sticks on its trunk. Theft: Mark A. Jones, 31, was charged with theft after police alleged Jones, of Frank Street, Struthers, had deliberately failed to scan a pair of men’s boots and other items while at Walmart. Arrest: A vehicle check in the 7300 block of South Avenue resulted in the arrest of Larry D. Daniel, 44, of Milton Street, Warren. He was wanted on an Ohio State Highway Patrol warrant accusing him of failing to appear in Niles Municipal Court. Assault/criminal damaging: Officers responded to a large fight at a Boardman-Canfield Road restaurant, where a man reported a group of assailants had jumped him and struck his jaw. The fight continued in the parking lot and resulted in damage to a car’s passenger side. May 28 Arrest: Authorities answered a 911 call that originated on Brookfield Avenue from a woman who claimed to have been abducted at gunpoint near her home before they charged Lisa M. Ross, 18, of West Boston Avenue, Youngstown, with making a false alarm, a first-degree misdemeanor, after she reportedly admitted having fabricated the story. Ross told Youngstown police she had actually met one of the supposed kidnappers online and that he picked her up then took her to a township apartment, where she became angry at someone there and made up the allegation, a Boardman police report showed. Arrest: Dewayne D. Williams, 22, of Samuel Avenue, Youngstown, was picked up during a traffic stop on Southern Boulevard after police discovered Williams was wanted on a Youngstown Municipal Court bench warrant accusing him of failing to appear on a charge of operating a vehicle impaired. Theft: Two women and a man reportedly stole $430 worth of candles and other merchandise from Bath & Body Works, 379 Boardman-Poland Road. Arrest: While responding to a fight on Market Street, police charged Ashley N. Goudy-Mehno, 28, of Goshen Road, Salem, with obstructing official business after alleging Goudy-Mehno had provided two dates of birth and a false name. She also was wanted on a felony parole-violation charge. Theft: A man reportedly took a $160 chain saw from Lowe’s, 1100 Doral Drive. Theft by deception: Two women at Walmart reportedly selected $67 worth of merchandise and improperly exchanged the items for a gift card. May 29 Drug paraphernalia: A traffic stop on Market Street led to a 17-year-old Boardman boy being charged with having a digital scale in the vehicle, which, police said, also smelled of marijuana. Fraud: A Leighton Avenue woman alleged her son and another person have been illegally selling food-stamp cards from her home. Theft: A woman reportedly stole 25 articles of clothing from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St., then fled in a silver vehicle. Theft: A Glenwood Avenue man noticed two cellphones and roughly $60 missing from his unlocked car. Theft: A man reported an Xbox console and related items as well as a 32-inch TV stolen from his South Avenue residence. Criminal damaging/menacing: A woman told police that while stopped at a red light in the 6600 block of South Avenue, the driver in front of her got out, threatened to beat up the accuser and broke a windshield-wiper arm on the vehicle’s driver’s side. Other stories of interest Police officer placed on unpaid leave after arraignment Two Trumbull County men indicted in theft of Army Humvee Man indicted on drug charges Thursday, arrested hours later on same charges Two more armed robberies brings Warren’s total to 10 in the past month Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Share 67 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Al Gore Disappointed Over Trump’s Decision To Leave Paris Accord – ‘Thought That He Would Come To His Senses’ News 2017-06-04 Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say News 2017-06-04 Muslim Protest In London Against Radical Islam Staged By ‘CNN’? [Breaking] News 2017-06-04 Whole Foods Lawsuit: Woman Sues For ‘Excessively Hot Tea’ While Other Customers Complain About Price Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-06-04 NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Football 2017-06-04 Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Baseball 2017-06-04 MLB Trade Rumors: Miami Marlins Willing To Deal Star Players Including Christian Yelich And Giancarlo Stanton? [Opinion] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 Valve Promises Low Fee For Steam Direct Gaming 2017-06-04 Beware: ‘Overwatch’ Players Attacked By DDOS To Secure Rank Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Oregon Father’s ‘No Shame’ Toddler Leash Picture Goes Viral SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Uber Driver Allegedly Stabbed To Death By 16-Year-Old Eliza Wasni In Random Act Of Violence Crime 67 0 0 June 1, 2017 Uber Driver Allegedly Stabbed To Death By 16-Year-Old Eliza Wasni In Random Act Of Violence Patricia Ramirez Early Tuesday morning, 16-year-old Eliza Wasni allegedly did the unthinkable. According to police, the teen wandered around a Skokie, Illinois Walmart and stole a knife and machete, a crime allegedly caught on surveillance cameras. Then, the teen allegedly used the weapons to fatally stab her Uber driver, 34-year-old Grant Nelson. As ABC 7 reports, Nelson was Eliza Wasni’s third Uber driver of the day, picking her up after her alleged shoplifting spree. Investigators say that at 1:12 a.m., Wasni took an Uber to the Des Plaines train station. She then took a second Uber from the train station to the Walmart and arranged for a third Uber to pick her up from the store. On Wednesday, 16-year-old Wasni was charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Not surprisingly, she was denied bail after appearing in bond court where prosecutors called the vicious stabbing attack “heinous and unprovoked.” According to Cook County prosecutors, victim Grant Nelson had the fatal misfortune to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. He unwittingly picked up the teen, unaware that she had violent intentions. After Eliza Wasni got into the back seat of his vehicle, prosecutors allege that the teen repeatedly stabbed the driver from her position behind him. According to Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham, Nelson attempted to flee from his unlikely attacker by jumping out of his car and running for help at a nearby building. “The victim runs to the lobby door and is heard banging and screaming, ‘Help me, help me, I’m going to die.” The Wilmette Patch reports that after brutally stabbing her Uber driver within minutes of getting in his car, Wansi attempted to flee the scene of the carnage. She allegedly stole his vehicle and attempted to drive away. Her escape was thwarted when she hit a median. Prosecutors say that Eliza Wansi then tried to get away on foot, stripping off her bloody shirt and attempting to evade police in just her bra and leggings. Eliza Wasni held without bail in murder of Uber driver in Lincolnwood – Chicago Sun… https://t.co/MyIIVn6jZ3 #Uber — mediat technology (@mediat_tech) May 31, 2017 Police were alerted to the horrific crime when they received 911 calls that a man was screaming for help in the area. When they arrived on scene at 3:22 a.m, Wansi was shirtless and still armed with the stolen knife and machete. According to officers, they repeatedly demanded that she drop the weapons, but she refused. Ultimately, Eliza Wansi was Tased at the scene. First responders found Grant Nelson hiding in a 2014 Hyundai Sonata, he immediately identified himself as an Uber driver who had been stabbed by his white female passenger and that she was likely a juvenile. So sad, such a waste of a decent human life. This generation between drugs, and stupidity have truly lost their way — rene simmons (@simmons6654) June 1, 2017 Wow. So tragic. ???? He survived long enough to give police description of girl. — Mark J (@marjenjr) June 1, 2017 #Miserable And #Barbaric Only 16 Years,Old. With #Bloodthirsty Impulses Of #Killer. Totally #Wrong Direction.#Apalling — Avramov Kosta (@AvramovK) May 31, 2017 White privilege is a helluva drug. — elisabeth epps* (@elisabeth) June 1, 2017 Paramedics rushed Nelson, who had been stabbed multiple times, to St. Francis Hospital. Unfortunately, doctors were unable to save his life. When Eliza Wansi appeared in court on Wednesday, Cook County Judge Michael J. Hood called the senseless murder a “random act of violence” before denying the teen bond. Judge Hood also pointed out in court that Wasni and Nelson didn’t know each other before attack, which he called “extremely violent in nature.” Grant Nelson,34, ate dinner with his family before he was stabbed and killed while driving for a ride sharing app. @cbschicago pic.twitter.com/xFfcFFGs0y — Charlie De Mar (@CharlieDeMar) May 30, 2017 As Heavy reports, Grant Nelson’s sister has spoken out about her brother’s character in the aftermath of his violent murder. According to Alex Nelson, her Uber driving brother was an animal lover and all around “good person.” Needless to say, Nelson’s sister says that Grant didn’t deserve the fate allegedly meted out to him by 16-year-old Eliza Wansi. “He had probably the most extensive collection of classical music of anyone I’ve ever met in life… I want people to know Grant was a good person. He was not a vindictive person. He was not a cruel person. He didn’t deserve this fate.” While Eliza Wasni has been charged with first-degree murder and as an adult for the role she allegedly played in her Uber driver’s senseless and brutal slaying, the teen will not face the death penalty if she is convicted, as Illinois has not been a “death penalty state” since 2011. The maximum sentence Wasni could receive for the stabbing is life in prison. [Featured Image by Prath/Shutterstock] Share 67 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Patricia Ramirez Tags: Crime, Teen Killer, Uber, Uber driver June 3, 2017 ‘Young And The Restless’ Spoilers For June 5-9: Brash & Sassy Gets Served, Chloe’s Closed Casket June 2, 2017 ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers For June 5-9: Liz Ready To Move In With Franco, Kirsten Storms Hints Return To GH Comments LATEST HEADLINES Man Dies Of Flesh-Eating Vibrio Vulnificus Bacteria After Tattoo Session Tyga Writing Kylie Jenner Diss Album: Still Hurt Over Travis Scott ‘KUWTK’ Romance? Al Gore Disappointed Over Trump’s Decision To Leave Paris Accord – ‘Thought That He Would Come To His Senses’ ‘American Gods’ Plays God With Neil Gaiman’s Mortals – What Are Laura And Shadow Moon? T.I. Dumping Bernice Burgos For Tiny Harris? Rapper Still In Love With Estranged Wife 7-Year-Old Boy Dies In Durham Shooting, Police Say Nas: Why He’s Desperate For Nicki Minaj Affection After Meek Mill Split NBA Mock Draft 2017: Report Places Lonzo Ball In Top Five, But Not Above Josh Jackson ‘The Bachelorette’ Won’t Be On Next Week, Here’s Why ABC Is Pulling Episode 4 From The Schedule Scott Disick: Kourtney Claims He’s Only Thinking About Sex, Demands Full Custody Of ‘KUWTK’ Kids? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.3k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.2k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 6k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.4k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 72° 72° Low 69° High 81° Mon 73° 86° Tue 71° 89° Wed 67° 91° See complete forecast Severe weather alert ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete Posted 7:56 PM, May 31, 2017, by Tribune Media Wire, Updated at 06:29AM, June 1, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. -- A 16-year-old girl charged with killing her Uber driver was captured on Walmart surveillance video "walking nonchalantly throughout the store" holding a knife in one hand and a machete in another, prosecutors said. Authorities say Eliza Wasni later used those weapons kill 34-year-old Grant Nelson in Lincolnwood, Illinois. That's just one of the details that Cook County State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham revealed in a news conference Wednesday after Wasni appeared in court on first-degree murder charges. She is being held without bond for allegedly killing Nelson, of Wilmette. According to Cunningham, Wasni hailed the first of three Uber drivers at about 1:25 a.m. Tuesday, and was driven to a train station in Des Plaines. At 2:18 a.m., a second Uber driver took her from the train station to a Walmart store. That's when Cunningham says the teen removed a knife and a machete from their packaging at the store and walked around holding them. Then she left Walmart with the knife and machete, without paying, and was not stopped by any personnel, Cunningham said. The third Uber driver, Nelson, picked up Wasni in his Hyundai Sonata a few blocks west of the Walmart. About two minutes after Wasni got in the car, Cunningham says Nelson was stabbed by Wasni from the backseat. Cunnningham says Nelson was able to maneuver his car into a condo apartment building driveway near Lincoln and Touhy. Cunningham said he got out of the car and was heard banging and screaming at the lobby door saying "Help me! Help me! I'm going to die!" That's when residents called 911. Cunningham says Wasni tried to flee in Nelson's vehicle but she hit a median near the scene. Officers say she left the car, which was covered in blood, running in the middle of Lincoln Avenue and fled on foot. Cunningham says police found Nelson laying in the grass near the scene. He told officers that he was an Uber driver and that his passenger had attacked him. He was then transported to an area hospital where he later died from his injuries. According to Cunningham, another group of officers later found Wasni crouched behind an office building's air conditioning unit not too far from the scene. She had the machete in one hand and a knife in another. When she wouldn't drop the weapons at the officers' requests, one of the officers tazed her and she was taken into custody. Autopsy results of the victim are still pending. Walmart did not immediately offer a statement regarding the incident. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Man dies after swimming with new tattoo Murder suspect dead, 3 officers shot in Laredo shootout Jack in The Box employees fired for being rude to HPD HCSO to get outside ‘oversight’ during investigation into man’s death after confrontation with off-duty officer, her husband Latest News Fifth Ward community members protest church after man tazed by HPD President Trump’s response to London terror attack stands out for all the wrong reasons HPD: 2 killed in Greenspoint apartment complex Breitbart employees infuriated by colleagues’ ‘appalling’ comments after London terror attack Nation/World Police: Girl dives from truck after being kidnapped, sexually assaulted and injected with meth Nation/World Three teenagers arrested in kidnapping and killing of 6-year-old boy Local HPD: Man takes selfie video on stolen phone after aggravated robbery  Nation/World NewsFix Ex-Uber engineer who blogged about alleged discrimination lawyers up Nation/World Utah man who allegedly recorded 16-year-old’s death ‘wanted to know what it was like’ Nation/World Gang member who’s been deported 4 times arrested in stabbing Local HPD: Mother hit, killed while walking with 6-year-old daugher NewsFix Lyft says round up your fare and donate to charity Nation/World Man killed daughters before telling wife to ‘live and suffer’ Nation/World Man killed daughters before telling wife to ‘live and suffer’ Nation/World Man, 19, arrested in shooting death of innocent 8-year-old DeMaree Adkins Texas North Texas police chief under investigation after arrest of beauty queen Nation/World Police told woman to stop calling 911 hours before she and her son were killed Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Traffic alert Here’s your Sunday roundup of the region’s biggest traffic headaches. Amazon Business Retail Wal-Mart works to close the e-commerce gap as it competes with Amazon Originally published May 31, 2017 at 6:33 pm Updated June 1, 2017 at 6:54 am There are signs that Wal-Mart’s online efforts are starting to click. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” says Marc Lore, the head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations. Share story By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO The Associated Press HOBOKEN, N.J. — Even after an online-spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world’s largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon’s Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations, says he’s confident about the company’s momentum and that there’s plenty of room for it to thrive. Most Read Stories In Seattle, is it now taboo to be friends with a Republican? | Danny Westneat ‘There’s going to be a lot of dead gangsters’: Inside King County’s surging gang war Telemarketers, debt collectors fight to bypass ringtone on cellphones Garfield teacher pepper-sprayed by Seattle police to receive $100,000 settlement  WATCH Police: Bottles, bricks thrown at officers near Portland rally; counter-protest shut down; at least 14 arrestedUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. “It’s about moving fast. It’s about innovating. And it’s a very big market.” He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore led Wal-Mart’s acquisitions of specialty-online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he’s still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares for its annual meeting Friday, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Wal-Mart said most of the increase was not through acquisitions but was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of e-commerce technology company ChannelAdvisor, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn’t putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. “If anything, the gap was widening,” Spitz said. “Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question.” Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon’s relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon’s path toward Wal-Mart’s 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is “reasonable.” If Lore is worried, he doesn’t acknowledge it. “We don’t think specifically about Prime at all,” he said. “We think we (have) got a customer base — those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store.” Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup is helping bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is helping, since people often realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon’s stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook- and furniture-pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it’s testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensors track items and there’s no need for shoppers to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery-pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there’s no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. “We’ve had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it’s never changed our approach,” Amazon says. “We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about — low prices, vast selection and fast delivery.” Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet’s “smart-cart” technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it’s helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart’s website over the next few years. “We want to sell them everything,” Lore said. “The assortment is growing fast,” he said. “But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress.” ANNE D'INNOCENZIO View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Japan launches rocket with satellite to build its own GPS Previous Story Apple reportedly readies Siri speaker in bid to rival Amazon, Google Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Sponsored by Skip to content Contact Sponsorships Donate Write for us 9:14pm — June 04, 2017 a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson Login | Register Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Entertainment All Headlines Contact About Ethics Donate now Underwriting/Sponsorships Sign up for newsletters! Breaking News Arizona Border Crime Downtown Politics & Gov't All Local Arizona Border Biz Crime Downtown Education Enviro Media Politics & Gov't Tech All Nation/World Border Mexico/Latin America Politics & Gov't Media Tech Enviro Health Business War Weird All Headlines Arizona Politics & Gov't Mexico/Latin America All Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Soccer High School College Pro Analysis Comics Guest Opinion All Arts & Culture Music Dance Theatre & Stage Classical Visual Arts Books History All Entertainment All Music Rock/Indie Jazz Classical Movies Food Celebs/Pop Culture Events/To Do Search Submit your event BP agent's lawyer asks judge to dismiss murder indictment Reporter profile More by Paul Ingram Tweet Latest Most Commented Old West history helps corral Az tourists — and not just in Tombstone Despite $1.2 billion in purchases, tribal land buy-back ‘treading water’ Phoenix freeways getting a better sensor of traffic congestion ahead Live weather radar Tucson, other Az cities buck Trump, pledge to stick to Paris climate goals Actors in Bus-A-Geddon have every incentive to let Sun Tran strike happen, again5 Buy local: Don't short Tucson business over sales-tax increase4 In defense of Paula Aboud and maybe even 'cheating'4 Arizona cyber experts warn that WannaCry outbreak just tip of iceberg1 After 890 consecutive Thursdays, El Tiradito vigil for immigrants may end 1 Thanks to Posted Jun 2, 2017, 3:12 pm Paul Ingram TucsonSentinel.com In the third legal filing this week, the attorney for Lonnie Swartz, the Border Patrol agent accused of unlawfully shooting and killing a Mexican teenager during an October 2012 incident, has added another wrinkle to the proceedings. Thursday, Swartz's lawyer Sean Chapman asked that the court dismiss the case because the grand jury that issued the indictment—which said that Swartz "with malice aforethought" fired through the border fence and killed 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez— did so after hearing testimony from a supervisory agent who repeated statements made by Swartz just minutes after the shooting.  Swartz was indicted for second-degree murder by the grand jury in September 2015.  The statements were quashed by U.S. District Judge Raner Collins on March 24.  Collins wrote that Swartz was repeatedly led to believe that the answers he gave during an interview with Border Patrol officials would not be used to incriminate him in a criminal proceeding and his statements were "compelled, coerced and involuntary."  Swartz believed his answers were mandatory and that he would be disciplined, and even removed from the agency, if he did not answer the supervisor's questions, Collins said. This violated Swartz's 5th Amendment guarantee that "a defendant’s compelled statements will not be used against him in a subsequent criminal proceeding," he wrote.  As part of the agency's Use of Force policy, Border Patrol Supervisor Leo Cruz-Mendez interviewed Swartz just a few minutes after the shooting, and asked him "8 questions" about his actions. These answers were then submitted in an oral report to supervisors.  Border Patrol Supervisor Leo Cruz-Mendez testified to a grand jury that he interviewed Swartz after the shooting telling the agent to relax and "take it easy."  Support TucsonSentinel.com today, because a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson. "Everyone's doing OK. I'm going to ask you a couple questions," Cruz-Mendez said, telling Swartz that per policy he had to ask eight questions, but the "questions are not incriminatory. They’re just basic information that I need so I can pass on to my supervisors," he said.  "By threatening to punish Swartz’s silence (and not removing that threat) and by otherwise compelling his responses to the 8 questions, the government donned the hat of employer," Collins wrote. "Its own Use of Force Handbook policy, the Constitution, and this Court hold the government to that choice," he said.  Cruz-Mendez said that he told Swartz everything was OK after the shooting, but the agent began to vomit. "I shot and there's someone dead in Mexico," Swartz said, and produced an empty ammunition magazine from his pocket, according to court records. "They were throwing rocks ... They hit the dog ... I shot and there's someone dead in Mexico," Swartz said.  Chapman argued that because the grand jury heard Swartz's compelled statements during Cruz-Mendez's testimony, his constitutional rights were violated.  "The use of Swartz’s compelled statements to obtain his indictment is prohibited by law and requires the dismissal of the indictment," Chapman said.  "Here, the 5th Amendment was violated because the Government actually used Agent Swartz’s compelled statements to obtain an indictment against him," Chapman wrote.  This is one of nearly two dozen challenges submitted by Chapman since the original indictment was submitted by a grand jury in September 2015.  The trial has been delayed six times, most recently in May when Collins changed the trial date from June 19 to October 12, just two days after the fifth anniversary of the slaying.  Chapman has claimed that the government did not have the jurisdiction to try Swartz, has attacked video evidence of the shooting by arguing that U.S. Customs and Border Protection "lost" original video of the incident after handing over compressed imagery to the FBI, and argued that a witness should be able to submit testimony in a videotaped deposition rather than appear to testify in open court. Support TucsonSentinel.com today, because a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson. Federal prosecutors have pushed back against some of these challenges, successfully arguing that Chapman's unique reading of the "Roosevelt Reservation" did not keep federal prosecutors from charging Swartz with second-degree murder, and pushing against the potential testimony of a witness, arguing that the person's statements that Rodriquez was in the United States just minutes before the shooting was "irrelevant."  However, federal prosecutors have not yet responded to this new challenge, nor an argument submitted by Chapman on Wednesday that the court should block the testimony of a Use of Force expert, arguing that the court should "preclude the Government’s 'use of force' expert from giving his opinion on the ultimate legal issues in this case."  The government should also be kept from "eliciting 'use of force testimony from law enforcement agents who are not qualified as experts," Chapman said.  The expert, Alan Foraker said that Swartz's discharge of his firearm was "contrary to the Border Patrol’s training and policies regarding use of deadly force."  Foraker gave eight reasons for his opinion, Chapman said, arguing that while "agents are taught to eliminate the treat when using deadly force," Swartz's use of deadly force was "neither reasonable nor necessary" and the agent was "not legally justified in using deadly force." A hearing will be held on June 19 on the outstanding issues.  TucsonSentinel.com's original reporting and curation of border and immigration news is generously supported in part by a grant from the Ethics and Excellence in Journalism Foundation. - 30 - have your say    Comment on this story There are no comments yet. Why don't you get the discussion going? Join the conversation... You must be logged in or register to comment Click image to enlarge Paul Ingram/TucsonSentinel.com The spot where 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez died in Nogales, Sonora seen through the U.S.-Mexico border. Categories news, politics & government, border, crime & safety, local, arizona, nation/world, mexico/latin america, breaking Read more about border patrol, cbp, jose antonio elena rodriguez, lonnie swartz, nogales, raner collins, sean chapman, wallace kleindienst Related stories BP agent's lawyer pushes to bar expert witness in cross-border murder trial Prosecutor says witness statements 'irrelevant' in BP murder trial BP agent's lawyer argues shooting death of Mexican teen justified by alleged smuggling activity Border agent's murder trial delayed yet again, will begin in October More by Paul Ingram BP agent's lawyer pushes to bar expert witness in cross-border murder trial Prosecutor says witness statements 'irrelevant' in BP murder trial After 890 consecutive Thursdays, El Tiradito vigil for immigrants may end 1 BioDiv tells UN that U.S. has 'obligation' to protect species threatened by border wall Mexican state official and wife arrested by feds in Tucson Sponsored by Yes! I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative! We're committed to making quality news accessible; we'll never set up a paywall or charge for our site. But we rely on your support to bring you independent news without the spin. Use our convenient PayPal/credit card donation form below or contact us at donate@tucsonsentinel.com today. Donate securely with PayPal $5,000 Newshound $2,500 Copy desk chief $1,000 Trusted source $500 Correspondent $250 Stringer $100 Cub reporter $50 Printer's Devil $25 Informed Source $10 Dear Reader Enter your own amount (below) OR: Subscribe and stretch your donation over time $5/mo. Printer's Devil $10/mo. Cub Reporter $20/mo. Stringer $40/mo. Correspondent Enter your own monthly amount (number only) TucsonSentinel.com is an Arizona nonprofit organization fiscally sponsored by FCIR.org, a 501c3 charity. Your contribution is tax-deductible. Tucson weather Weather data not available Sponsored by Sign up for TucsonSentinel.com email newsletters! Email Address * First Name Last Name Sponsored by A little bird told us... Tweets from @TucsonSentinel/website-embed Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Become a Sponsor Donate Write for us Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Music © 2009-2017 TucsonSentinel.com Hosting by Design by Context Designworks X close»
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Witnesses startled after two armed men rob Orange County Wal-Mart, fire gun Orange County Sheriff's Office Armed robbery suspects Armed robbery suspects (Orange County Sheriff's Office) Caitlin DoornbosContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Witnesses were startled early Friday when two armed men robbed an Orange County Wal-Mart and fired a gun, according to an incident report. Now, the Orange County Sheriff's Office is searching for the suspects. The armed robbery happened about 12:10 a.m. when two men came into the store at 5559 Clarcona-Ocoee Road with guns as employees were waiting on one last customer before closing the store, according to an incident report The masked men took two store managers at gunpoint to an office where a safe was located and demanded cash, according to the report. Shaken, the managers handed over “two or three” containers of money, and the men took an undisclosed amount of cash. The robbers left the managers in the office and walked toward the exit. That’s when one of the suspects shot at a Wal-Mart employee who was stocking mustard in one of the aisles, according to the report. The bullet missed the employee, who dropped to the ground, ultimately lodging into merchandise on the shelf behind her, according to the report. The men left the store, yelling “stay on the ground” to a customer who tried to run away, according to the report. The suspects got into a waiting red Ford Edge sport utility vehicle and escaped. Investigators found the SUV near Rose Avenue and Rundle Road, south of Maitland Boulevard, the report said. They later discovered that it had been reported stolen. The suspects are described as about 5-feet, 9-inches to 6 feet tall and were last seen wearing black ski masks and black clothing. One of the suspects was wearing red gloves, while the other wore black and neon yellow gloves, Sheriff’s Office spokeswoman Deputy Ingrid Tejada-Monforte said. A third suspect is also wanted. He was outside holding two other employees at gunpoint in front of the store, she said. He was last wearing all black clothing with a white ski mask and black and white shoes. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. cdoornbos@orlandosentinel.com, 407-650-6931 or @CaitlinDoornbos Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  Caption New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  Caption Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Caption Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Orange County News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 76°
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News open Local open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Offseason sports open Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events open Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times Bethlehem Area News Know this guy accused of snapping intimate pic at Walmart? Updated on June 2, 2017 at 7:08 PM Posted on June 2, 2017 at 6:12 PM Bethlehem Township police said June 2, 2017, they were looking for tips on the identity of this man accused of taking an intimate photo of a female shopper at Walmart the prior day. (Courtesy photos | For lehighvalleylive.com) Bethlehem Township police said June 2, 2017, they were looking for tips on the identity of this man accused of taking an intimate photo of a female shopper at Walmart the prior day. (Courtesy photos | For lehighvalleylive.com) By Kurt Bresswein kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com, For lehighvalleylive.com Bethlehem Township police asked Friday for the public's help in identifying a man accused of taking "an intimate picture" of a female victim at Walmart. The incident unfolded about 9:45 a.m. Thursday at the 3926 Nazareth Pike store, according to police. The man seen in surveillance images from Walmart followed the victim around and made multiple attempts at taking a photo that invaded her privacy, succeeding once, police said. Investigators ask anyone with information to contact Patrolman Mark Demetrovic at mdemetrovic@bethlehemtwp.com or 610-419-9681. Anonymous tips may be submitted by texting TIP BETHLEHEMTWP followed by a message to 888777, or by visiting the department's nixle.com account. Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook. View Comments About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sponsored by Skip to content Contact Sponsorships Donate Write for us 9:15pm — June 04, 2017 a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson Login | Register Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Entertainment All Headlines Contact About Ethics Donate now Underwriting/Sponsorships Sign up for newsletters! Breaking News Arizona Border Crime Downtown Politics & Gov't All Local Arizona Border Biz Crime Downtown Education Enviro Media Politics & Gov't Tech All Nation/World Border Mexico/Latin America Politics & Gov't Media Tech Enviro Health Business War Weird All Headlines Arizona Politics & Gov't Mexico/Latin America All Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Soccer High School College Pro Analysis Comics Guest Opinion All Arts & Culture Music Dance Theatre & Stage Classical Visual Arts Books History All Entertainment All Music Rock/Indie Jazz Classical Movies Food Celebs/Pop Culture Events/To Do Search Submit your event Council candidate filings set up 2 contested primaries Ward 3 Dems, Ward 6 Greens will see August ballot choices Reporter profile More by Dylan Smith Tweet Latest Most Commented Old West history helps corral Az tourists — and not just in Tombstone Despite $1.2 billion in purchases, tribal land buy-back ‘treading water’ Phoenix freeways getting a better sensor of traffic congestion ahead Live weather radar Tucson, other Az cities buck Trump, pledge to stick to Paris climate goals Actors in Bus-A-Geddon have every incentive to let Sun Tran strike happen, again5 Buy local: Don't short Tucson business over sales-tax increase4 In defense of Paula Aboud and maybe even 'cheating'4 Arizona cyber experts warn that WannaCry outbreak just tip of iceberg1 After 890 consecutive Thursdays, El Tiradito vigil for immigrants may end 1 Thanks to Posted Jun 2, 2017, 11:59 am Dylan Smith TucsonSentinel.com Tucson's city primary election in August won't just be an opportunity for candidates to organize the base this year — there will be two contested races. Three Democrats will face off for the open Ward 3 seat, and two Green Party candidates are running in the primary for Ward 6. Come November's general election, only those wards will see more than one candidate on the ballot — Ward 5 Democrat Richard Fimbres is running unopposed for another term on the City Council. In Ward 3, the winner of the Democratic primary between Felicia Chew, Paul Durham and Thomas Tronsdal will face off independent Gary Watson in November. Local Republicans declined to back Watson's run because the Northwest Fire District employee supported Prop. 101, the bump in the city sales tax to support police, fire and road repairs. Councilwoman Karin Uhlich announced that she isn't seeking another term in the ward, setting off the three-way primary. No Republican candidate turned in signatures by Tuesday's filing deadline, but Watson's name will appear on November's ballot. In Ward 6, Councilman Steve Kozachik is seeking another term. The Democrat will be facing off against Republican Mariano Rodriguez, and the Green who makes it through the primary, on the November ballot. Rodriguez hasn't been responsive to press queries, and it remains to be seen if a candidate who boosted Donald Trump so fervently that he's pulled down his previous Facebook and Twitter ("Deplorable Mariano") accounts to hide his backing, will catch on with Tucson's Democratic voting majority. But Kozachik has put a leash on his campaign, vowing to not raise funds for his reelection effort nor to buy political advertisements. Also in Ward 6, Greens Mike Cease and Michael Oatman are seeking their party's nomination. Of course, candidate's places on the ballot aren't yet set in stone with the submission of nominating petitions. The Democratic Party will be looking closely at Rodriguez's in particular. Although he filed 205 signatures, the Dems will be checking to see if they can invalidate enough of them to push him below the 115 required for a Republican to secure a ballot spot in Ward 6. Thanks for reading TucsonSentinel.com. Tell your friends to follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Watson's will also likely be getting a close look, although he has a larger cushion. He filed 536 signatures, and needs 377 valid ones under the "nomination by other than primary" process in Ward 3. Under Tucson's municipal election system, candidates for the City Council are nominated by the voters in ward primaries, and then run city-wide in the general election. - 30 - have your say    Comment on this story There are no comments yet. Why don't you get the discussion going? Join the conversation... You must be logged in or register to comment Click image to enlarge Bill Morrow/Flickr Categories news, politics & government, local, arizona, breaking Read more about city council, democrats, election, felicia chew, gary watson, green party, karin uhlich, mariano rodriguez, michael oatman, mike cease, paul durham, republicans, richard fimbres, steve kozachik, thomas tronsdal More by Dylan Smith Update: Missing elderly man with dementia found by police Deputies: Help ID man who attempted strong-arm robbery at Walmart Three candidates nominated for vacancy on S. Az appeals court Tucson City Court to stay open later on Tuesdays Heat may have killed hiker found in Saguaro Nat'l Park Sponsored by Yes! I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative! We're committed to making quality news accessible; we'll never set up a paywall or charge for our site. But we rely on your support to bring you independent news without the spin. Use our convenient PayPal/credit card donation form below or contact us at donate@tucsonsentinel.com today. Donate securely with PayPal $5,000 Newshound $2,500 Copy desk chief $1,000 Trusted source $500 Correspondent $250 Stringer $100 Cub reporter $50 Printer's Devil $25 Informed Source $10 Dear Reader Enter your own amount (below) OR: Subscribe and stretch your donation over time $5/mo. Printer's Devil $10/mo. Cub Reporter $20/mo. Stringer $40/mo. Correspondent Enter your own monthly amount (number only) TucsonSentinel.com is an Arizona nonprofit organization fiscally sponsored by FCIR.org, a 501c3 charity. Your contribution is tax-deductible. Tucson weather Weather data not available Sponsored by Sign up for TucsonSentinel.com email newsletters! Email Address * First Name Last Name Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Become a Sponsor Donate Write for us Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Music © 2009-2017 TucsonSentinel.com Hosting by Design by Context Designworks X close»
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments by Reuters Friday, 2 June 2017 21:04 GMT Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Former Yazidi sex slave makes tearful return to her Iraqi village Activists occupy former British women's prison to protest cuts Tanzania to protect cities from climate threats with urban plan 'Historic mistake' by Trump - but climate action will go on One in five twins dies under age 5 in sub-Saharan Africa - Lancet By Nandita Bose FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart is successfully using e-commerce to boost sales but does not want to alienate workers who have helped drive gains with improved customer service and higher morale following a rise in base pay to $10 an hour. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," Chief Executive Doug McMillon said at Wal-Mart's annual shareholder meeting where all the company's board member nominations were approved. "We will be people-led and tech-empowered." The nod to store employees and the retail workforce was a departure from past years when the company focused shareholder presentations on the technology it was adopting to close the online gap with Amazon and beat other competitors. The shift followed complaints by labor groups that Wal-Mart had to do more for workers, despite the company's $2.7 billion investment in employee training and wages in 2015 and the 2016 wage increase to $10. McMillon's comments capped a three-day media event during which the company announced initiatives like a test program that allows store workers to deliver packages ordered on the retailer's website and the use of blockchain technology to ensure safety in its food supply chain. Wal-Mart's investments in technology helped deliver a 63 percent rise in first quarter online sales, up from 29 percent growth in the fourth quarter and 20 percent in the third quarter. Its results have also outshined rivals like Target Corp , department-store chains and apparel retailers. CHAIRMAN PROPOSAL REJECTED The shareholders meeting at the Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Arkansas, 30 miles from the company's headquarters in Bentonville, was packed with 14,000 people, including workers from around 27 countries and shareholders. The company tapped Blake Shelton to host the show which included pop stars like Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige and Rachel Platten. Wal-Mart's shareholders approved all 11 company-recommended board members and voted in-line with company wishes. None of the four shareholder proposals put forward were approved. One from Making Change at Wal-Mart, part of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, called for an independent chairman to act in the interests of Wal-Mart's hourly workers. "How can any Wal-Mart associate build a better life when they have been with the company for five years or more and they make $9 or $10 an hour," said Amy Ritter from the labor group, who presented the proposal. For years, influential proxy advisory firms have recommended shareholders vote in favor of an independent board chairman without ties to management or the founding family, ever since bribery allegations several years ago exposed serious board oversight failures. About 51 percent of Wal-Mart's stock is controlled by the Walton family and current Chairman of the Board Greg Penner is married to the grandaughter of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton. (Reporting by Nandita Bose; Editing by Andrew Hay) Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE NEWS Iraqi Shi'ite paramilitaries take Baaj town west of Mosul from Islamic State -army FACTBOX-Cosby trial puts U.S. states' sex-crime prosecution laws in focus U.S.-backed Syrian forces seize dam west of Raqqa from Islamic State -SDF Residents trapped as gunfire mars ceasefire at Philippines city About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Activists occupy former British women's prison in protest against cuts From menstruation to masturbation, Indian soap draws 400 million viewers INTERVIEW - Red Cross flags violence as top humanitarian priority in Latin America Tanzania seeks to protect cities from climate threats with urban plan Lack of 'safe' jobs keeping educated women from work in India Child brides are on the rise in India's towns and cities - report Malaysia holds contest on how to 'prevent' homosexuality 'Historic mistake' by Trump - but climate action will go on, experts say One in five twins dies under age 5 in sub-Saharan Africa - Lancet Guatemala rescues 22 children from forced labour - police Join Us
PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News 3 attackers, 7 victims killed in London Bridge area terror attacks Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery 2017-06-02T21:38:35Z2017-06-02T21:45:02Z By Elizabeth Walton, Digital Content Producer Email Connect ewalton@tucsonnewsnow.com (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) TUCSON, AZ (Tucson News Now) - Robbery Assault detectives with the Pima County Sheriff's Department are asking for the public's help in identifying a suspect in a strong arm robbery at a west side Walmart.  According to a PCSD release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.  The incident began shortly before 7 p.m. on Thursday, May 18 when deputies responded to the Walmart Neighborhood Market at 2823 West Valencia Road for a report of a theft in progress.   When deputies arrived they found the suspect had attempted to take a full cart from the store and was confronted by employees.  According to the release the suspect assaulted at least one employee before leaving the scene in a dark-colored, possibly green Saturn passenger car.  The suspect left the cart behind at the scene.  Anyone with information on the suspect is asked to call 911.  For those who wish to remain anonymous they can text, call or go online to 88-CRIME.org to submit their tip.  MOBILE USERS: Download our app on your Apple and Android devices. Copyright 2017 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Crime & CourtsMore>> BREAKING Warrant issued for suspect in fatal hit and run Warrant issued for suspect in fatal hit and run Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 8:01 PM EDT2017-06-03 00:01:47 GMT Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda (Source: Tucson Police Department) The Tucson Police Department has issued a felony arrest warrant for Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda, who was involved in a fatal hit and run crash on South Park Avenue and East Drexel Road.   The Tucson Police Department has issued a felony arrest warrant for Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda, who was involved in a fatal hit and run crash on South Park Avenue and East Drexel Road.   CBP captures would be smuggler, seizes nearly 600 pounds of marijuana CBP captures would be smuggler, seizes nearly 600 pounds of marijuana Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 6:29 PM EDT2017-06-02 22:29:25 GMT (Source: U.S. Customs and Border Protection) Both the driver, a juvenile from Mexico and the packages were transported to the Nogales Border Patrol Station for processing.  The juvenile now faces immigration and narcotics charges per Tucson Sector Guidelines.  Both the driver, a juvenile from Mexico and the packages were transported to the Nogales Border Patrol Station for processing.  The juvenile now faces immigration and narcotics charges per Tucson Sector Guidelines.  PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 5:45 PM EDT2017-06-02 21:45:02 GMT According to a Pima County Sheriff's Department release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.   According to a Pima County Sheriff's Department release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.   Tucson woman pleads not guilty in baby formula case Tucson woman pleads not guilty in baby formula case Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 5:38 PM EDT2017-06-02 21:38:19 GMT Jennifer Laplante (Source: KOLD News 13) Jennifer Laplante, 30, is facing charges of fraudulent schemes and artifices and child endangerment.  Jennifer Laplante, 30, is facing charges of fraudulent schemes and artifices and child endangerment.  BREAKING Documents provide glimpse into investigation of Vail teen's death Documents provide glimpse into investigation of Vail teen's death Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 4:53 PM EDT2017-06-02 20:53:18 GMT Josh Lelevier (Source: Tucson Police Department) Joshua Lelevier told police he noticed 13-year-old Jayden Glomb missing from their home at about 1:30 a.m. on May 11. He said he continued to search for her until morning, when he and her mother called police. Joshua Lelevier told police he noticed 13-year-old Jayden Glomb missing from their home at about 1:30 a.m. on May 11. He said he continued to search for her until morning, when he and her mother called police.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Man, allegedly on LSD, arrested after running naked and bleeding into west Toledo road Man, allegedly on LSD, arrested after running naked and bleeding into west Toledo road Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 5:55 PM EDT2017-06-04 21:55:58 GMT (Source: Facebook) According to police, Octavio Vazquez refused to comply with officers’ commands and tried to crawl underneath a police cruiser. According to police, Octavio Vazquez refused to comply with officers’ commands and tried to crawl underneath a police cruiser. 2 arrested, 1 dead following Saturday high-speed chase, crash in Phenix City 2 arrested, 1 dead following Saturday high-speed chase, crash in Phenix City Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 7:37 PM EDT2017-06-04 23:37:47 GMT (Source: Chandler Morgan/WTVM) Two people have been arrested, one person is dead, and another person is in the hospital following a police chase in Phenix City Saturday evening. Two people have been arrested, one person is dead, and another person is in the hospital following a police chase in Phenix City Saturday evening. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! News Week in review: Uber driver slain, Trump ditches climate deal, Pritzker-Blagojevich tapes Funeral services were held for Grant Nelson, of Wilmette, an Uber driver who was killed allegedly by 16-year-old ride-sharing customer Eliza Wasni. (Jose M. Osorio/Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune staff and wire reports Here are some of the top stories of the week from Chicago and beyond (Sunday, May 28 through Friday, June 2). Teen girl accused of slaying Uber driver with machete, knife Eliza Wasni, 16, from Chicago, was charged with killing an Uber driver in a random attack with a knife and a machete that she stole from a Walmart, according to authorities, report Grace Wong, Susan Berger and Brian L. Cox. Prosecutors said Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette picked the teen up in Skokie early on Tuesday who, minutes into the ride in Lincolnwood, began stabbing Nelson. Nelson was able to pull over and flee the scene and described his attacker to police but died later at a hospital, authorities said. A large crowd packed a Skokie chapel on Friday for Nelson's funeral, where he was remembered as a "kind soul in a cruel world," reports Susan Berger. In 2008, Democratic donor and businessman J.B. Pritzker had phone conversations with then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich that were recorded by FBI agents investigating Blagojevich for public corruption. Pritzker is now a candidate for Illinois governor.  In 2008, Democratic donor and businessman J.B. Pritzker had phone conversations with then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich that were recorded by FBI agents investigating Blagojevich for public corruption. Pritzker is now a candidate for Illinois governor.  See more videos Pritzker sought treasurer job from Blagojevich, 2008 wiretaps show Current Democratic candidate for governor J.B. Pritzker expressed interest in being appointed Illinois treasurer by then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich in 2008, according to recordings of phone calls secretly made by FBI agents, report Todd Lighty, Jeff Coen and David Heinzmann. The two discussed the Senate seat Blagojevich was dealing — Pritzker wasn't interested — along with politics, their futures and the financial woes of a bank owned by Pritzker's sister in the never-before-publicly-revealed conversations. Pritzker thought the treasurer job would be open, citing news reports that Alexi Giannoulias might get a White House job. "Ooh, interesting," Blagojevich said. "Let's think about that. You interested in that?" "Yeah," Pritzker replied, "that's the one I would want." Pritzker responded to the revelations Wednesday night. "Look, there was nothing inappropriate about my conversation with the governor," Pritzker said. "It should be unsurprising to people that after 25 years of doing public service in a variety of ways that when an opportunity might have arisen for me to do public service that I would be willing to do that. And that was what the conversation was all about." Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert is serving a 15-month sentence in a Minnesota federal prison hospital after pleading guilty in October to a financial crime. New accuser sues Dennis Hastert over alleged sex abuse A new accuser filed a lawsuit against former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, alleging he was assaulted by Hastert in a bathroom in 1973 or 1974, reports Marwa Eltagouri. The accusation comes less than three months before Hastert is scheduled to be released from prison for trying to withdraw money in a way to avoid detection in an effort to pay hush money to another man who accused him of molestation. In the new lawsuit, the alleged victim also sued Yorkville Community Unit School District 115 and is seeking $50,000 in damages. Chicago photos in the news In other Chicago-area news: DCFS chief resigns: State child welfare director George Sheldon is resigning and returning to Florida to run a nonprofit organization. The move comes as Sheldon is facing an ethics probe and his agency has seen a series of recent child deaths and bad headlines, report David Jackson, Gary Marx and Duaa Eldeib. Still no budget: The General Assembly ended its spring session without a budget yet again, heading into its second-straight summer overtime session, but lawmakers did approve plans to crack down on gun offenders and advanced a bill to sell the Thompson Center, report Monique Garcia, Kim Geiger and Haley BeMiller. Cop found dead: A Chicago police officer was found dead in her Northwest Side home Sunday in a possible suicide that came as the FBI was re-examining the September 2015 death of her husband, also a cop, who apparently shot himself in the home after an argument with his wife, according to police, report Jeremy Gorner, Annie Sweeney and Jason Meisner. Memorial Day weekend violence: Seven people were killed and another 45 wounded in Chicago over the holiday weekend, a drop from last year, report Peter Nickeas and Elvia Malagon. Among the victims was a 20-year-old blind, disabled man killed after being caught in the crossfire at his local park, reports Katherine Rosenberg-Douglas. Telemarketer shut down: Safety Publications Inc. agreed to stop operating in Illinois after Attorney General Lisa Madigan, in response to a Tribune investigation, accused it of misleading donors to raise millions on behalf of veterans and other charitable causes, reports David Jackson. Shoreline eroding: Stretches of shoreline along Illinois' northern lakefront are retreating at unprecedented rates, with the loss of 184 feet of beach in a little more than two years, report Tony Briscoe and Nausheen Husain. NEIU job cuts: Northeastern Illinois University announced on Tuesday it was eliminating 180 full-time jobs this summer as a result of the state budget stalemate, reports Dawn Rhodes. The move will not fully take effect for four years, under the terms of the agreement. The move will not fully take effect for four years, under the terms of the agreement. See more videos Trump ditches global Paris climate agreement President Donald Trump announced on Thursday that he is removing the United States from the global Paris climate agreement, fulfilling his campaign promise but drawing rebukes from world leaders, environmentalists and corporate leaders. Trump said the agreement, negotiated under President Barack Obama in 2015, was unfair to U.S. workers and put the country at a competitive disadvantage with China, India and other growing powers. The U.S. joins only Syria and Nicaragua in opposing the global accord. "I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris," Trump said. (It's worth noting that Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto did not agree with Trump's decision.) European leaders made clear they are committed to fighting climate change and said the agreement cannot be renegotiated, as Trump suggested. "Wherever we live, whoever we are, we all share the same responsibility: Make our planet great again," said France President Emmanuel Macron. The Democratic governors of California, New York and Washington formed the U.S. Climate Alliance to uphold the Paris deal, and other states were considering joining. Trump relied on dubious facts and unbalanced claims to make his argument, according to a fact check done by the Washington Post. A suicide truck bombing rocked a highly secure diplomatic area of Kabul, Afghanistan, on May 31, 2017, killing 90 people and wounding as many as 400. In other nation and world news: Afghanistan attack: A massive truck bomb killed at least 90 people and wounded 400 in Kabul's heavily guarded diplomatic quarter Wednesday. Attacks in Iraq: Islamic State set off a bomb outside an ice cream shop in central Baghdad and a car bomb during rush hour in downtown, killing more than 30 people on Tuesday. 8 slain in Mississippi: Police say a man argued with his estranged wife and her family over his children, then went on a house-to-house shooting spree that left eight people dead. Officer who killed Tamir Rice fired: Timothy Loehmann, the officer who in 2014 shot and killed a 12-year-old boy holding a pellet gun, was fired by Cleveland police on Tuesday for inaccuracies on his job application. Ken "Hawk" Harrelson on his retirement as White Sox broadcaster. (Colleen Kane/Chicago Tribune) Ken "Hawk" Harrelson on his retirement as White Sox broadcaster. (Colleen Kane/Chicago Tribune) See more videos One more year for the Hawk White Sox broadcaster Ken "Hawk" Harrelson will call his final 20 games as a play-by-play man for the team next year, capping a 34-year career with the club, reports Colleen Kane. Harrelson will work a schedule of mostly Sunday home games and will stay on with the team as an ambassador during the 2019 season. "This has been the greatest ride of my life, and it has been a lot of fun with these fans," Harrelson, 75, said. "I'll never forget anything that has to do with this, nothing. I'll remember it forever." Jason Benetti will take over as the primary play-by-play alongside Steve Stone in 2019 as part of a multiyear deal, the team announced. In other sports news: Tiger Woods arrested: The golfer was found asleep behind the wheel of a car stopped on a road in Jupiter, Fla., early Monday, according to police. Woods passed a breath test and later issued a statement saying he had an "unexpected reaction" to medication. Police released dashcam video of the arrest on Wednesday. French Open player banned: Maxime Hamou tried to forcibly kiss a female reporter after losing in the first round of the French Open on Monday. On Tuesday, tournament organizers banned him from the premises for the rest of the event. The reporter, Maly Thomas, said the transgression was "frankly unpleasant" and "If I hadn't been live on air, I would have punched him." Sale returns home: Former White Sox ace Chris Sale got a standing ovation when he returned to Chicago as a member of the Red Sox, but an anticipated pitching duel with Jose Quintana ended up in a slugfest, with Boston winning 13-7, writes Colleen Kane. Cubs swept out west: Joe Maddon's bunch wore their wacky "Anchorman"-themed suits for a trip out West, but there was nothing funny about their performance against the Dodgers and Padres. The team went 0-6 to fall to two games under .500 for the first time since 2014 as they head home for a weekend series starting Friday with the Cardinals, writes Mark Gonzalez. Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune Protesters from several cities calling for a $15 minimum wage march on North LaSalle Street in Chicago on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. Protesters from several cities calling for a $15 minimum wage march on North LaSalle Street in Chicago on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. (Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune) Legislators send minium wage hike to Rauner's desk Illinois legislators passed a bill that would gradually raise Illinois' minimum wage to $15 an hour over the next five years. The measure goes to Gov. Bruce Rauner, who has called it extreme, report Lauren Zumbach, Greg Trotter and Gail MarksJarvis. The move raised hopes for low-wage workers and supporters who have long been pushing for a wage hike. But some business owners fear shrinking profit margins and say the hike would force higher prices on consumers.  Rauner said he was open to a compromise but that the current bill "would be crushing for our small businesses and crushing for job creation, and extreme." The bill gives businesses plenty of time to adjust to a higher minimum wage that is long overdue and Rauner should sign the bill, argues Tribune columnist Robert Reed. In other business news: Rosebud settles race suit: Chicago-based Rosebud Restaurants will pay $1.9 million and start a program to hire African-Americans to settle a lawsuit that accused the chain of discrimination, reports Corilyn Shropshire. State Street project: A row of long-vacant buildings on the shopping corridor will be turned into over 400 apartments and retail space as part of a $141 million development, reports Ryan Ori. Downgraded: Illinios' bond rating was downgraded near junk status by Moody's Investors Service and S&P Global Ratings, the lowest ranking on record for a U.S. state, due to the ongoing budget impasse, reports Bloomberg. Sculpture wars: An artist upset about the "Fearless Girl" sculpture that was placed in front the "Charging Bull" sculpture in New York decided to make his own artistic statement, creating a small sculpture of a urinating dog that he placed next to the statue of the girl. Busted deadline: The sale of the Chicago Sun-Times to Tronc, parent company of the Chicago Tribune, is on hold until at least Monday to give other potential buyers more time to make a bid, reports Robert Channick. Liz Lauren photo Stacy Keach as Ernest Hemingway in the world premiere of "Pamplona," directed by Robert Falls at the Goodman Theatre. Stacy Keach as Ernest Hemingway in the world premiere of "Pamplona," directed by Robert Falls at the Goodman Theatre. (Liz Lauren photo) 'Pamplona' premiere delayed when star falls ill The world premiere of "Pamplona," a one-character play about Ernest Hemingway, was halted on Tuesday night when star Stacy Keach appeared to fall ill onstage, reports Chris Jones. The actor appeared confused at times and struggled to deliver his monologue before a stage manager cited technical difficulties and ended the show. Goodman artistic director Robert Falls told the audience that Keach, 75, had been "ill all day," but wanted to go ahead with the performance and that the theater had supported him in his decision. Shows through Friday night were canceled as Keach was being medically evaluated, officials said. In other entertainment, lifestyles and dining news: Lollapalooza aftershows: Spoon at Metro and Tegan and Sara at Park West are among the 57 aftershows announced by Lollapalooza, reports Greg Kot. "I went too far": Comedian Kathy Griffin apologized Tuesday after a day of internet outrage set off when she posed for a picture holding a bloody, decapitated Donald Trump head. CNN on Wednesday fired Griffin from her longtime New Year's Eve co-host gig with Anderson Cooper. Griffin held a news conference on Friday, where she maintained that she was wrong, but says that Trump is trying to ruin her career. Wonderful response: A man upset about a women-only screening of "Wonder Woman" decided to email Austin, Texas, Mayor Steve Adler with his grievance. What followed was a savage, epic clap-back, writes Heidi Stevens. (Read Michael Phillips' review of the movie.) Newsmakers and celebrities who died in 2017. Notable deaths Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega, award-winning sports writer Frank Deford. Also from late last week: Southern rock legend Gregg Allman, Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser for Jimmy Carter and former U.S. Sen. and Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune 'Luckiest guy in the world!:' Anthony Rizzo gets engaged Beyond Mr. Met: More mascot misadventures Unflappable California sixth-grader Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 71°
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Employees to Delivery Online Orders on Their Commute Home Armed with a custom app, WMT associates could be an brick-and-mortar advantage against Amazon By InvestorPlace Staff  |  Jun 2, 2017, 9:54 am EDT     Popular Posts: 10 Memorial Day Images to Post on Facebook, Twitter Microsoft Co-Founder Paul Allen Debuts the World’s Largest Airplane Target Corporation (TGT) Invests $75 Million in Mattress Startup Casper Sleep Recent Posts: Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Shares Soar After Q1 Earnings Beat Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Employees to Delivery Online Orders on Their Commute Home Microsoft Co-Founder Paul Allen Debuts the World’s Largest Airplane View All Posts Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) employees may deliver your next online order on their way home from work. The program is currently being tested in two New Jersey locations and one in Arkansas. Participation in the program by the employees is voluntary. Wal-Mart is testing an app that matches customers’ online order delivery addresses with an employee’s driving route home, according to a blog post on Thursday from Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S. The objective is to cut shipping costs, speed the delivery of packages and allow workers to earn additional compensation, he wrote. Lore was appointed in September 2016 to lead Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce effort after when his company Jet.com was acquired by WMT. The pilot will include both Walmart.com and Jet.com shoppers. The program is currently being tested in two New Jersey locations and one in Arkansas. The move is seen as a way for the retailer to catch up with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Wal-Mart said its trucks already deliver packages to a retail location for store pickup and the same trucks can bring additional orders for a worker to deliver if they choose. “The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home,” Lore wrote. “Associates are fully in control of their experience. If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences.” Walmart has 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million employees. The geographic distribution puts a WMT store within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. WMT stock is little changed in trading this morning. The shares have gained 15.5% so far this year, compared with AMZN stock which has increased 33% in that time.   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/walmart-employees-delivery-online-orders-commute-home/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Wal-Mart, unemployment and new executive hires: Friday's business roundup Filed under Economy at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Todd Davis, Staff Writer Connect with Todd Davis On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now 16-foot tall orange machine in Wal-Mart's online strategy A big message from Wal-Mart to its shareholders this year is about leveraging its stores to boost its e-commerce business. Several ideas are in the works including one hard to miss piece of giant hardware in bright orange that will soon be landing in more stores including six in the Dallas area. The 16-foot tall tower, which was nicknamed Rapunzel while in development, is a vending machine for online purchases. Wal-Mart says 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of one of their stores and the Pickup Tower, its official name, works for small packages. Plus: Wal-Mart employees are making online deliveries after work The latest Energy: An investigation into Exxon Mobil Corp.'s public statements about climate change uncovered "significant evidence" the oil giant may have misled investors. Restaurants: Downtown Dallas power-lunch spot the Palm Restaurant is closing in the West End. Health care: Tenet and insurer Humana announced that Tenet physicians and facilities are now in network for Humana customers. Economy: Withdrawing from a nonbinding agreement endorsed by close to 200 nations is a bad look for a global superpower, observers said of Trump's announcement Thursday. Aviation: Billionaire Paul Allen's Stratolaunch has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Dallas tech firm reportedly on the sale block Dallas-based Omnitracs LLC, which makes fleet management software for the trucking industry, retained investment banks to explore a potential sale, according to a Wall Street Journal report. The company, which moved its headquarters to Dallas from San Diego in 2015, is backed by Austin-based private equity firm Vista Equity Partners. The Journal, citing unnamed sources, said Omnitracs' valuation could approach $2 billion. Its revenue will be about $400 million this year. Data points:  Unemployment down, trade deficit up U.S. government data released Friday told a mixed economic picture. The pace of hiring slowed as the nation's unemployment rate hit the lowest level since 2001. Yet the U.S. trade deficit with other countries jumped more than 5 percent, as Chinese imports surged. Since President Donald Trump campaigned heavily on pledges to boost the nation's economy, spur job creation at U.S. companies and bring business executives to the table to better America, we're tracking economic progress in a collection of Trump Tracker data tools. Plus: Everything you need to know about Texas' jobs picture. Bill Sandbrook, President & CEO of U.S. Concrete posses for a portrait at The Union in Dallas on Friday, April 28, 2017. Bill was hired in July 2011 to turn around a company just emerging from bankruptcy. He accomplished that by selling low-margin businesses and refocusing on producing Redi-Mix concrete. The Union Dallas is one of its largest projects to date. (David Woo/The Dallas Morning News) (David Woo/Staff Photographer) Handling hard times cements concrete CEO's reputation U.S. Concrete recently finished its work on Toyota's North American headquarters in Plano. Ongoing projects include Facebook's data center in Fort Worth, LaGuardia Airport's upgrade, the World Trade Center complex and Hudson Yards in New York. "This is a completely different, reinvigorated and empowered company," CEO Bill Sandbrook said at his corporate office in Euless. Sandbrook, the son of a cement man who's about to turn 60, is a strategic thinker honed by the military. His road to running the Euless-based concrete company included Cold War and 9/11 experiences that honed his decision-making skills. Plus: Read more from business columnist Cheryl Hall. Elsewhere in Texas Houston: Billionaire restaurateur Tilman Fertitta's Landry's chain is reportedly interested in buying the distressed operator of Joe's Crab Shack and Brick House Tavern & Tap. (Houston Chronicle). San Antonio: Lockheed Martin Corp. is reducing its Port San Antonio workforce by 112 through layoffs and by shifting work to an Arizona-based company. (San Antonio Express-News). Austin: Everfest, an online community that connects festival goers, will expand its team and invest in product development after raising $3.6 million from investors including Live Nation Entertainment and ATX Seed Ventures. (Austin American-Statesman). East Texas: Unified Patents estimates a federal court in Marshall known as a national hub for patent lawsuits could see a drop of 1,000 cases a year from a U.S. Supreme Court decision restricting where those suits can be filed. (Law360; subscription required). Who's getting hired and promoted? Faulkner Design Group named Michelle Duncum chief operating officer. Frost-Dallas promoted Tracy Broughton to senior vice president of corporate banking in Plano. Gardere Wynne Sewell LLP names Frank Wright partner and C. Ashley Ellis senior attorney. Haynes and Boone LLP named Michael DePompei partner in the Dallas office. See this week's full list of executive changes. Before you go ... Vote in our poll: This week, U.S. and European Union leaders agreed to keep talking before expanding a laptop ban on air travel from European countries to the states. Tell us what you think. Follow DFW stocks: See how top North Texas stocks performed, as well as the oil and gas markets and major stock exchanges. DFW Top 100 Places to Work 2016: The Dallas Morning News and Workplace Dynamics partner each year to feature the Top 100 workplaces, based on ratings by the people who work at them. The 2017 ranking is in progress. That's all for today! For up-to-the-minute business news and analysis, check out DallasNews.com/Business. Share the love: If you like this newsletter, please forward this email to a friend and check out our other newsletters here. Do you have feedback on this newsletter? Send your thoughts, questions, praise and corrections to our Business Editor Paul O'Donnell at podonnell@dallasnews.com. View Comments Tags Economy Retail Real Estate Energy Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Wal-Mart Works To Close Gap Between Itself And Amazon by Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 at 3:41PM EDT HOBOKEN, N.J. -- Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and that there's plenty of room for it to thrive. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Associated Press Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 72° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 89° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines Virginia Beach 7-Eleven on Diamond Spring Rd. robbed at gunpoint Updated: 16 mins ago Police are investigating an armed robbery of a 7-Eleven in 1900 block of Diamond Springs Road, Sunday evening. Community remembers Hampton man killed in triple shooting Updated: 33 mins ago Family and friends of a man shot and killed in a triple shooting in Hampton remembered his life on Sunday. Michael Vick brings elite youth showcase back home to Hampton Roads Updated: 26 mins ago Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Updated: 53 mins ago Virginia ranks 15th in US in reported cases of human trafficking June 4, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 72° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 72° F Wind: SSW 13 Humidity: 84% Dewpoint: 67° F Sunrise: 5:46 AM Sunset: 8:20 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Curry, Durant lead Warriors to 2-0 lead with 132-113 rout Updated: 11 mins ago Steph Curry registered a triple-double, while Kevin Durant put up another monster night, leading the Warriors past the Cavaliers as the seri… Johnson extends track record with 11th win at Dover Updated: 16 mins ago Kyle Larson led Jimmie Johnson by three seconds with four laps left, until the final caution flag flew. Michael Vick brings elite youth showcase back home to Hampton Roads Updated: 23 mins ago NASCAR Monster Energy Cup-AAA 400 Drive for Autism Results Updated: 6 mins ago NASCAR Monster Energy Cup-AAA 400 Drive for Autism Results Updated: 6 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Live Music Friday: Romonta June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – The smooth sounds of Romonta filled The Hampton Roads Show studio.  It’s always great to have him as our Live Music… The Funny Bone: Leonard Ouzts June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – Comedian Leonard Ouzts is headlining at the Virginia Beach Funny Bone this weekend and he stopped by to goof off wi… Audience: Boardwalk Art Show June 2, 2017 In The Kitchen: Duck Donuts June 2, 2017 IAHR: Josh Hill June 1, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 72° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 89° F Lo: 65° F 2 men, 4 juveniles charged in Newport News police chase By Emily Satchell Published: June 2, 2017, 3:49 pm Updated: June 2, 2017, 3:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Jafay Moore, Khari Pender (Photos: Newport News police) NEWPORT NEWS, Va. (WAVY) — Two men and four juveniles have been charged in connection to two incidents Wednesday in Newport News. Virginia State Police say a trooper tried to stop a vehicle going 90 miles per hour in a 60 miles per hour zone Wednesday on I-64 near J. Clyde Morris Boulevard. The trooper ran the vehicle’s tags and found that the car had been stolen. The driver took off and a pursuit began. Around 6:30 a.m., at the Wal-Mart in the 6000 block of Jefferson Avenue, Newport News police say a detective spotted three men get into a car that matched the description from the incident on I-64. Additional officers responded to the scene, one of which stopped the suspect vehicle from leaving the Wal-Mart parking lot. Police say the officer got out of the cruiser and the suspect car rammed into the police vehicle. Three people in the car got out and were taken into custody. Officers found two handguns while they were apprehending the suspects. The 2014 Toyota Corolla had been reported stolen in Suffolk, according to police. Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Three hours later, officers found another stolen vehicle in the 5800 block of Marshall Avenue in Newport News. The driver took off and ended up hitting a tree while turning onto Gloucester Drive. After the crash, three people in the vehicle jumped out and ran from the scene. Officers caught up with two of them. Police said the two incidents were believed to be related and on Friday, authorities announced six arrests in the case. 19-year-old Jafay Moore, of Newport News, is charged with pointing/brandishing a firearm, burglary, possession of stolen property with intent to sell, grand larceny and conspiracy to commit a felony. 19-year-old Khari Pender, of Newport News is charged with receiving a stolen firearm or aiding in concealing a stolen firearm. Police also arrested four juveniles: A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with grand larceny of an auto A 14-year-old Hampton male | Charged with possession of a stolen auto A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with brandishing a firearm, possession of a firearm by a minor and grand larceny of a firearm A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with possession of stolen property (auto) Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Several teens arrested for Suffolk vehicle break-ins Pursuit of stolen vehicle ends at Newport News Wal-Mart Gunshots damage two vehicles in Newport News Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
