Best Ways to Protecting your Purchases this Holiday Season - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports 59SportsZone Friday Night Football Scores WV Illustrated Video Community Homecoming 2016 Brilliance of Fall 2016 Community Calendar What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Decision Makers Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 Best Ways to Protecting your Purchases this Holiday Season Posted: Monday, October 17, 2016 5:48 PM EDT Updated: Saturday, October 29, 2016 5:48 PM EDT By Shannon Clowe Email Connect sclowe@wvnstv.com This past weekend a basketball hoop was stolen right out of the back of a truck in the Beckley Walmart parking lot. Crimes like this are no surprise as we approach the holidays. 59 News found out how people can keep their belongings out of the hands of thieves.  As a frequent Walmart shopper, Dennis Wingrob has a truck topper on his car which helps secure his belongings before leaving them unattended. "I've always had one, every truck I've ever had a top on it and no body's ever bothered it," says a Fayette County Resident, Dennis Wingrob. Aside from not keeping your purse on your car seat, truck toppers can seriously protect your belongings. "You can't tell if there's anything in it or not unless you get in it," says Wingrob. There are other ways to keep your belongings out of the hands of lurkers. "We always recommend parking as close to the store as you can, park near surveillance cameras," says Detective David Allard with the Beckley Police Department. This way police can track down the person with the sticky fingers faster.  Even if police can't catch them in the act, they have other ways to find these criminals. "We have a pawn shop database here in Beckley, every pawn shop reports to it, it's all electronic so the second something is pawned were are able to check," says Detective Allard. Once the police track down the criminal, the consequences are serious. "If it's over $1,000 it becomes a felony and it becomes 1 to 10 years, if it's under $1,000 it's up to one year." The Beckley Police Department also highly recommends if you suspect someone being suspicious, report it. A good way to report crimes is to visit crimestoppersofraleighcounty.org. WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart's price cuts should terrify Target, Dollar General, and Family Dollar Hayley Peterson Oct. 17, 2016, 5:25 PM 25,804 facebook linkedin twitter email print A woman and child shop at Walmart to Go convenience store in Bentonville Thomson Reuters Walmart is slashing prices, and that's having a ripple effect across the retail industry. The companies most vulnerable to Walmart's price cuts, which were launched earlier this year, include Target, Family Dollar, and Dollar General, according to a 56-page UBS analysis published Monday.  All three companies stand to lose a collective $35 billion in revenue as a result of Walmart's cuts, according to the report. Target has about $21.5 billion in sales at risk (or about 30% of its total sales), Dollar General has about $9 billion in sales at risk (39% of sales), and Family Dollar has about $4.5 billion in sales at risk (20% of sales), analysts said. The UBS analysts measured the potential risk to each company by looking at how exposed they are geographically to Walmart stores, as well as how much of their product assortment overlaps. Target is among the most exposed, with 71% of its stores within a 10-minute drive of Walmart, and 90% of its stores within a 20-minute drive of Walmart. A Target store team member places an item back on the shelf near the pharmacy department at a Target store in Los Angeles, California August 18, 2009. Reuters If Target, Dollar General, and Family Dollar respond to Walmart's price cuts by also slashing prices, then earnings per share for each company could drop by 6%, 5%, and 3% respectively, as a result, according to the analysts. If they don't follow Walmart's lead and also cut prices, then all three companies could lose sales due to loss in market share — meaning customers could choose to shop at Walmart over Target or dollar stores because it's cheaper.  Walmart's price cuts  are part of a multi-year, multi-billion-dollar investment that the company launched in the first quarter of the year. Since December, the company has dropped prices by 10% in its grocery department, according to Business Insider's most recent price check at a Richmond, Virginia store. Target, by comparison, is about 15% more expensive than Walmart in the grocery department. No matter how the price wars shake out, they are are good news for customers, because the cost of goods is only going to get cheaper.  SEE ALSO: Target's groceries are shockingly more expensive than Walmart's — and it highlights a huge challenge for the business NOW WATCH: These are the best watches at every price point Loading video... More: Walmart Retail Dollar General Family Dollar Target Shopping Discounts Groceries Department Stores facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart's price cuts should terrify Target, Dollar General, and Family Dollar Walmart's price cuts should terrify Target, Dollar General, and Family Dollar Walmart is slashing prices, and... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Walmart is copying one of Costco's winning strategies Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Hayley Peterson Oct 17th 2016 3:52PM Walmart is becoming a better place to shop because it started paying employees more. For many years, the company was plagued by widespread complaints about poor customer service at its stores. SEE ALSO: You shouldn't order this kind of meat at a restaurant That was until last year when Walmart, under pressure from investors following several quarters of same-store sales declines, decided to invest billions of dollars in wage increases and training for workers. Specifically, Walmart committed to investing $2.7 billion over two years in higher wages, scheduling improvements, and employee training, following in the footsteps of companies like Costco. Walmart's efforts so far have translated into a pay raise of about 16% to $13.69 per hour for non-managerial full-time employees, The New York Times reports. In the meantime, widespread issues in Walmart stores such as empty shelves and cleanliness have significantly improved. 31 PHOTOS 30 items to avoid buying at Wal-Mart See Gallery 30 items to avoid buying at Wal-Mart 1. Any food with a long or short shelf life According to Michael Catania, consumer savings expert and co-founder of PromotionCode.org, you'll want to stay away from Walmart foods that have longer and shorter shelf lives. Foods with shorter shelf lives tend to cost more, and foods with longer shelf lives might turn stale before consumption. "Once the cereal goes stale and you throw it away, you've also thrown away the initial savings," said Catania. But, that doesn't mean you have to avoid all of Walmart's canned and packaged foods. Catania recommends buying small and medium-sized foods at Walmart — they "will net you the best result for both cost and freshness," he said. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 2. Snacks Store-brand snacks at Walmart are cheaper than at some of its retailer competitors. But Walmart just can't beat the low cost of dollar store food. Stock up on crackers, chips, cookies and other goods for only a buck at discount stores — just make sure you check the expiration dates. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 3. Organic Fruits and Vegetables Although Walmart has upped its selection of organic foods to accommodate the health-conscious subsection of its shoppers, you're usually better off buying organic foods from stores with organic roots, like Trader Joe's or Whole Foods. "Shopping at stores with organic roots makes sense when these are the items you are purchasing," said Kerry Sherin, a savings expert from Offers.com. According to Sherin, these stores tend to have better selections and lower prices on organic foods. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 4. Fresh Produce When shopping for fresh produce, you're most likely better off shopping at your go-to grocery store than at Walmart. Even you're not happy with your grocery store's offerings, try Sprouts. "I often find Sprouts has better deals on fresh produce compared to Walmart," said Kendal Perez, a savings expert with coupon and deals site CouponSherpa.com. "For example, Sprouts recently had avocados on sale for 88 cents each, compared to $1.88 each from Walmart." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 5. Brand-Name Diapers Most retailers can't beat the price of Walmart's store-brand diapers. However, if you prefer brand names, like Pampers, you'll be better off buying from Amazon where diapers tend to be just a tad bit cheaper. Plus, if you join Amazon Family, you could get 20 percent off qualifying diaper purchases. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 6. Batteries As far as batteries go, experts tend to agree you're better off buying them at warehouse stores rather than Walmart. "Batteries are always a better buy in bulk, with Costco and Sam's Club offering more batteries for less per unit," said Perez. Sherin from Offers.com agrees. "If you want to get the best deal on batteries, buy them from warehouse clubs like Costco and Sam's Club, which will have the best rate on the largest pack of batteries." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 7. Straight Talk Wireless Straight Talk Wireless aims "to get people on America's best networks without the expense — or the commitment that comes with contracts," according to its website. However, many people report Straight Talk Wireless has poor coverage and bad customer service. "The absolute worst item to buy at Walmart is their Straight Talk Wireless service," said Benjamin K. Glaser, features editor of online deals site, DealNews.com. "Every time we write about it on DealNews, our readers flood the comments with tales of terrible customer service driving them back to their old carriers. Many also received poor coverage, but even those who were happy with their phones and connections were driven away by the customer service." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 8. Music Unless you're looking for vinyl records, skip Walmart's CDs and stick to online streaming services for your music needs. Spotify Premium only costs $9.99 a month, as does Apple Music. Even Jay Z's new streaming service, Tidal, is affordable at $9.99 or $19.99 a month. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 9. Gift Bags and Wrapping Paper Don't head to Walmart for wrapping paper or gift bags — you'll find cheaper prices (and a wider selection) elsewhere. "Walmart strives on its convenience of being able to offer up everyday items at low prices," said Sherin. "But when it comes to gift wrap and gift bags, you can find the real savings at dollar stores." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty Remember: If you save money on wrapping paper, that's more money you have available to spend on gifts. 10. Gift Cards Yes, you can find a generous selection of gift cards in Walmart's checkout lines, whether you're looking for retail or restaurant certificates. Buy why buy full-price gift cards at Walmart when you can buy discounted gift cards online? "Walmart is a great stop for gifts and last-minute items," said Sherin. "However, if you have the time to plan ahead on your purchase of a gift card, look at sites like Raise and Cardpool, which offer discounted gift cards. You can find savings of 20 percent to 30 percent off what you would pay for face value at Walmart." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 11. PC Laptops Walmart sells laptops, but you'll find better, high-quality laptops somewhere. "Walmart has low prices on electronics like laptops and TVs, but the brands are also lower quality," said Perez of CouponSherpa.com. You can also find better laptop deals by doing a little comparison shopping. Glaser of DealNews.com revealed that Walmart has not had any notable laptop deals in a while. "Walmart has not had an Editors Choice laptop deal in the last two months," he said. Instead, you're likely to find better prices on laptops from Lenovo, Dell, Microsoft, eBay and Newegg. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 12. Televisions "While it can be hard to resist paying $150 for a 40-inch TV, sometimes if a deal is too good to be true, it probably is," explained Sherin. "If you are really wanting to invest in a quality TV, stick with retailers like Best Buy whose specialty is electronics." Glaser adds that you can even find better deals on high-end TVs at other competitors. "For the higher quality TVs, Dell Home and eBay consistently offer better deals," he said. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 13. Books Online retailers give Walmart a run for its money in the books and music department. "When it comes to entertainment — be it books, music or TV shows — you're typically better off shopping Amazon," reports MarketWatch. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 14. Printer Ink Running out of printer ink is annoying. Not only does it happen at the worst time, but ink cartridge packages can cost as much as $60 at Walmart. However, you can usually find cheaper printer ink online. "Unless a store is doing a ridiculous sale, printer ink is always less expensive online," said Paul Moyer of SavingFreak.com. "You can purchase re-manufactured cartridges for as much as 50 percent off the price you would pay in Walmart." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 15. Jewelry With discounted jewelry at Walmart, you get what you pay for — low-quality pieces. "If you are buying jewelry at what would be deemed a discount store, don't expect to get the best quality items," said Sherin. Instead, she advised you try shopping at Macy's or Kay's, "who have experts that can walk you through the process of picking out a quality piece of jewelry." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 16. Wood Furniture Walmart is famous for the incredibly low prices on furniture — particularly bookshelves and television consoles. And although Walmart's furniture is great for college students or those who have a small budget, it's always best to invest in higher-quality furniture that will last longer — even if it will cost you extra, said Sherin. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 17. Bedding Walmart's bedding selection isn't always the highest quality, and you can often do better elsewhere. If you prefer quality over price, wait for sales and buy bedding from similar stores. "You can find similar pricing for much higher quality at a discount retailer like HomeGoods or Marshalls," said Andrea Woroch, a consumer and money-saving expert. "Otherwise, shop sales at department stores like Macy's and JCPenney, and look for coupons via CouponSherpa.com to find applicable deals to get high-quality bedding for less." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 18. Pet Food Before buying pet food at Walmart, compare the cost of buying in bulk from Amazon or a wholesale club. I compared Walmart prices with Sam's Club and found that the latter offered a generally better deal when purchasing in bulk. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 19. Small Kitchen Appliances Amazon and Walmart offer similar prices on some of their household appliances — but not on everything. A good rule of thumb is to buy smaller items in bulk online, and price compare anything bigger before buying it at Walmart. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 20. Large Kitchen Appliances If your dishwasher or fridge breaks down, fight the urge to run to Walmart. You might find a better deal at competing retailers. "If you are needing to replace that pesky dishwasher or looking for a new refrigerator, Walmart may not be the place to find the sweetest deal," said Sherin. "We see stores like Sears and Best Buy excel in the appliance department, often offering free installation, home delivery and removal of the old appliance." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 21. Kitchenware It doesn't matter if you're buying glasses, mugs or dinnerware — I've found that Walmart's prices can't beat the dollar stores when it comes to kitchenware. Try browsing Dollar General's selection — you'll get more items for your money. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 22. Tires Need new tires? Skip Walmart, and get your next set of wheels from Sam's Club or Costco. Costco, for example, even offers free tire balancing and rotations. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 23. Greeting Cards Rather than spend $2 or $3 per greeting card at Walmart, check out the selection of cards at Dollar General or the Family Dollar. I found cards for every occasion at Dollar General starting at $1. Woroch and Perez had the same experience. "The best deal for greeting cards and gift wrap is at the dollar store; you can't beat their prices," said Woroch. "While Walmart sells a few cards for 99 cents, most of their greeting cards are $3 to $5," added Perez. "I can buy two-for-$1 greeting cards from Dollar Tree, plus pay just $1 for gift wrap, bags, tissue, bows and more." Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 24. Outdoor Items You'll find ample garden supplies, lawn care equipment and patio furniture at Walmart, and the prices aren't bad, either. Unfortunately, in my experience, the quality isn't great. You might get more use out of outdoor equipment purchased from Home Depot or Lowe's, which both have a better selection and higher-quality merchandise. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 25. Hair Supplies It doesn't make sense to spend several bucks for single hair accessories at Walmart. You can get many of the same items for $1 at dollar stores. I've found that Walmart prices tend to be higher for hair bows, headbands, combs and other hair supplies. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 26. Disposable Utensils A plastic kitchen utensil set at Walmart could run you between $10 and $15 for six or nine pieces, whereas I found individual pieces at Dollar Tree for as low as $1. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 27. Office and School Supplies Walmart's back-to-school deals might be cheaper than the deals advertised by other retailers, but if you're shopping for office or school supplies during other times of the year, I've found Walmart to be far more expensive than discount stores like the Dollar Tree. There, you'll find better deals on crayons, pens, markers, tape, glue, packing supplies and storage. Woroch recommends checking other stores' sales before heading to Walmart. "During back-to-school season, office suppliers like Office Depot and Staples run lots of sales where you can find penny deals on essentials like folders, notebooks and pencils," she said. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 28. Party Supplies Walmart has an entire aisle dedicated to party supplies, but these items are more expensive than other discount retailers. According to my research, you can stock up on party supplies at the Dollar Tree for far less. Purchase invitations, balloons, party favors and decorations — all for just a buck each. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 29. Cleaning Supplies From laundry detergent to disinfecting wipes, Walmart's cleaning supplies are more expensive than the Family Dollar and Dollar General. You'll typically save between 30 cents and 50 cents by shopping at these discount retailers instead. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty 30. Personal Hygiene Products If you don't mind buying generic lotion, toothpaste or deodorant, stock up on personal hygiene products at the Dollar Tree. Walmart does have a huge selection of personal hygiene products, and in many cases it offers better deals than its big-box competitors. Still, Walmart's generic brands can't match dollar store prices. Via GOBankingRates Photo: Getty Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – Three out of four Walmart stores now meet the company's own customer service standards, according to the Times. A couple years ago, just 16% of its stores met those goals. It turns out that paying people more may have made them better employees. "Associates are feeling a little bit more engaged," Walmart US President Greg Foran told reporters earlier this year. The company is even seeing sales and traffic improvements. Walmart recently reported its eighth consecutive quarter of same-store sales increases in the US. In the most recent quarter, Walmart's US same-store sales rose 1.6%, driven by a 1.2% increase in traffic. The changes aren't going unnoticed by customers. "Our customer satisfaction scores continue to improve," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said on an earnings call in August. Walmart has said it's raising wages because "it's the right thing to do," however one recent pay hike appears to be the result of President Obama's new overtime rule, which takes effect December 1. The rule requires employers to pay overtime to salaried workers earning less than $47,500 a year. Last week, Walmart announced that it would raise starting salaries from $45,000 to $48,500 annually for full-time employees. The strategy of investing more in training and career development has proven to be massively successful for companies like Costco, which gets high ratings from both employees and customers. Costco's minimum wage is no less than $13 an hour, which is among the highest starting salaries in the retail industry. By comparison, the federal minimum wage is $7.25 per hour. Walmart's investments have brought its starting wages to $10 an hour, according to the company. At Costco employees also get to advance quickly. It takes about four years for employees to reach the top of Costco's hourly pay scale, according to Bloomberg. Labor groups argue however that Walmart and others still have a long way to go in improving pay and working conditions for their employees. The union-backed group Making Change At Walmart has been pushing Walmart to raise its minimum wage to $15 per hour. The group claims that not all Walmart's workers are making a minimum of $10, as the company claims. "We continue to hear from Walmart workers who have been making less than $10 for months," Making Change At Walmart spokeswoman Jess Levin said last month. Tags Costco Customer Service Employment Labor Minimum Wage Retail Shopping Walmart Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY 13 Things People Do When They’re About to Quit Their Job 10 Worst Store Credit Cards You Should Avoid at All Costs Sick Day? 10 Funniest Excuses for Calling Out of Work The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Gift cards are a $10 billion waste of money and you should never buy them China may leave the U.S. behind on climate change due to Trump Average FICO score hits record high Trump's election might lead to a new spending frenzy for American shoppers Taliban bomber kills 4 Americans at NATO base in Afghanistan Are there special tax breaks for retirees? Buffett breaks silence on Wells Fargo bogus account scandal Berkshire sets record as Trump boosts prospects, Buffett's wealth Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,164.45-3.03-0.14% DJIA18,847.6639.780.21% NASDAQ5,237.1128.320.54% DAX10,667.9537.830.36% HANG SENG22,294.10-236.99-1.05% NIKKEI 22517,640.84266.051.53% USD (per EUR)1.080.00-0.20% USD (per CHF)0.990.000.18% JPY (per USD)107.420.560.52% GBP (per USD)1.260.00-0.06% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Why gift cards are a huge waste of money Why Were the 2016 U.S. Presidential Polls Wrong?Quick & Dirty Tips The Secrets to Making the Best Mashed PotatoesQuick & Dirty Tips Is Your Relationship Codependent? And What Exactly Doe...Quick & Dirty Tips Why Positive Affirmations Could Be Ruining Your LifeSUCCESS Magazine 4 Healthy Coffee Alternatives for Workout EnergyQuick & Dirty Tips 6 Ways to Ease Your Child's Separation AnxietyQuick & Dirty Tips The Best Used Cars for Under $5,000Quick & Dirty TipsBy PubExchange Sun, Nov 13 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
null
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart is copying one of Costco's winning strategies — and it's working Hayley Peterson Oct. 18, 2016, 9:03 AM 13,700 facebook linkedin twitter email print Walmart is paying employees more. David McNew/Getty Images Walmart is becoming a better place to shop because it started paying employees more. For many years, the company was plagued by widespread complaints about poor customer service at its stores. That was until last year when Walmart, under pressure from investors following several quarters of same-store sales declines, decided to invest billions of dollars in wage increases and training for workers. Specifically, Walmart committed to investing $2.7 billion over two years in higher wages, scheduling improvements, and employee training, following in the footsteps of companies like Costco. Walmart's efforts so far have translated into a pay raise of about 16% to $13.69 per hour for non-managerial full-time employees, The New York Times reports. In the meantime, widespread issues in Walmart stores such as empty shelves and cleanliness have significantly improved. Three out of four Walmart stores now meet the company's own customer service standards, according to the Times. A couple years ago, just 16% of its stores met those goals. It turns out that paying people more may have made them better employees. Shoppers look at merchandise at a Walmart store in Secaucus, New Jersey Thomson Reuters "Associates are feeling a little bit more engaged," Walmart US President Greg Foran told reporters earlier this year. The company is even seeing sales and traffic improvements. Walmart recently reported its eighth consecutive quarter of same-store sales increases in the US. In the most recent quarter, Walmart's US same-store sales rose 1.6%, driven by a 1.2% increase in traffic. The changes aren't going unnoticed by customers. "Our customer satisfaction scores continue to improve," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said on an earnings call in August. Walmart has said it's raising wages because "it's the right thing to do," however one recent pay hike appears to be the result of President Obama's new overtime rule, which takes effect December 1. The rule requires employers to pay overtime to salaried workers earning less than $47,500 a year. Last week, Walmart announced that it would raise starting salaries from $45,000 to $48,500 annually for full-time employees. Joe Raedle / Staff / Getty Images The strategy of investing more in training and career development has proven to be massively successful for companies like Costco, which gets high ratings from both employees and customers. Costco's minimum wage is no less than $13 an hour, which is among the highest starting salaries in the retail industry. By comparison, the federal minimum wage is $7.25 per hour. Walmart's investments have brought its starting wages to $10 an hour, according to the company. At Costco employees also get to advance quickly. It takes about four years for employees to reach the top of Costco's hourly pay scale, according to Bloomberg. Labor groups argue however that Walmart and others still have a long way to go in improving pay and working conditions for their employees. The union-backed group Making Change At Walmart has been pushing Walmart to raise its minimum wage to $15 per hour. The group claims that not all Walmart's workers are making a minimum of $10, as the company claims. "We continue to hear from Walmart workers who have been making less than $10 for months," Making Change At Walmart spokeswoman Jess Levin said last month. SEE ALSO: This is what the average Walmart shopper looks like NOW WATCH: This is how much it’ll cost you to open a McDonald’s Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Labor Minimum Wage Costco Employment Shopping Customer Service facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart is copying one of Costco's winning strategies — and it's working Walmart is copying one of Costco's winning strategies — and it's working Walmart is becoming a better place to shop... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Azusa man accused of Hesperia Wal-Mart stabbing held on $1 million bail Monday Oct 17, 2016 at 11:30 AM Oct 17, 2016 at 5:53 PM Jose Quintero Staff Writer @dd_jquintero HESPERIA — A 31-year-old Azusa man arrested after authorities say he stabbed a man in a motor home in the Wal-Mart parking lot Saturday was being held in lieu of $1 million bail, booking records show. If criminally charged, Darrell Lee Garrett is expected to be arraigned in a Victorville courtroom Tuesday afternoon. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department deputies arrested Garrett on suspicion of attempted murder after responding to the Wal-Mart at 13401 Main Street at approximately 1:51 p.m. Saturday. Authorities said Garrett was found and apprehended inside the business. An 8-year-old boy related to Garrett was also inside the store, authorities said. A deputy was injured during an attempt to apprehend Garrett. Sheriff’s spokeswoman Jodi Miller said the deputy was treated at a local hospital for minor injuries and was released later Saturday. The boy was taken into custody by Children and Family Services. Authorities found the victim suffering from a stab wound and he was transported to a local hospital. Miller also said that she did not have an update on the victim, but his condition on Saturday was stable. “His injuries were not believed to be life threatening,” Miller said in an email Monday. The store was temporarily evacuated. A witness previously told the Daily Press that a crew cleaned up what appeared to be blood at the store's entrance and near the motor home. Garrett was being held at West Valley Detention Center in Rancho Cucamonga, booking records show. Jose Quintero may be reached at 760-955-5332 or JQuintero@DesertDispatch.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DD_JQuintero.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. The worst things to buy at Wal-Mart and Target By Andrew DePietro of GOBankingRates | < PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 16 NEXT SLIDE > The Worst Things to Buy at Walmart and Target It's no secret that Target and Walmart offer excellent deals on tons of items. But, are you shopping as strategically as you should at both retailers? "Target and Walmart are known for their low prices," said Mark Mazza, co-founder and CEO of PromoCodeWatch.com. "But not all products are created equal — or sold equally, that is." The truth is, many of your everyday essentials actually cost more at Walmart and Target than at other comparable retailers," he added. But don't write off Target and Walmart just yet. Instead, get the scoop on what you should buy and skip to get the best deal. After all, smart shopping isn't about not spending any money at all — it's about finding high-quality items and getting the deals that save you money. Click through for tips on what you shouldn't buy at Walmart and Target — and what you should buy instead. © dcwcreations, Ken Wolter / Shutterstock.com Up Next 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices More from GoBankingRates Whole Foods vs. Aldi — Which Store Is Better for Your Money? GOBankingRates 10 Best and Worst Deals at Starbucks GOBankingRates The Strangest Things You Can Buy at Walmart GOBankingRates Target vs. Walmart: Price Match Guarantee Exclusions GOBankingRates GOBankingRates View the full site AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Share 19 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Entertainment 2016-11-13 ‘Dr. Foster’ A Great Show On Netflix That You Aren’t Watching Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees Entertainment 2016-11-13 A Tribe Called Quest On SNL News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-13 Dennis Wallace: Sheriff’s Deputy Shot In Head Twice And killed “Execution Style”, Suspect In Custody Opinion 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? World 2016-11-13 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance News 2016-11-13 California School Teacher Suspended After He Compares Donald Trump To Hitler Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 NFL Playoff Standings: Pittsburgh Steelers, Green Bay Packers Terrible (Again) As Dallas Cowboys Fly High Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2016-11-13 iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: 3 Things Apple Can Do To Ensure Its Success Gaming 2016-11-13 Hitman Season 2: Io-Interactive Confirms Development At New Studio Gaming 2016-11-13 NES Classic Mini Edition Sold Out Almost Everywhere — Nintendo Promises More Consoles, But Scalpers Ruining It For Everyone Science 2016-11-13 Researchers Discover Reason Why Seabirds Eat Plastic Debris BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Andrew Lumish: ‘The Good Cemeterian’ — Freely Restoring Veteran Headstones BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 What is Parker Schnabel’s Net Worth And The ‘Gold Rush’ Star’s Advice For Viewers Who Want To Get Into Gold Mining ? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Internet Of Things: Is The Future Susceptible To Hacking? SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Miley Cyrus Wants ‘Pansexual’ Added To LGBT Terms, Liam Hemsworth Wedding Called Off Over Pot? Celebrity News 19 0 0 October 17, 2016 Miley Cyrus Wants ‘Pansexual’ Added To LGBT Terms, Liam Hemsworth Wedding Called Off Over Pot? Joanne Eglash Miley Cyrus has transformed herself from her Hannah Montana days and her “Wrecking Ball” singer wild-child stage to a coach on The Voice. Now, the reinvented singer is speaking out about her views on everything from politics to sexuality and, in the process, sharing her own coming-out story and hopes for helping others. Good work: @MileyCyrus foundation Happy Hippie supports at-risk LGBTQ & homeless youth – On @NBCTheVoice to drive ithttps://t.co/8UMm6vhzlD — Dr Bradley Fordham (@doctorfordham) October 11, 2016 Cyrus told Variety that she has a goal of helping homeless and at-risk LGBTQ youth. Reflecting on her journey to become a woman with that goal after growing up in the public spotlight on Hannah Montana, Miley recalls a milestone that reflects her choices. “I had a clothing line at Walmart and got kicked out, because they said you had to choose weed or Walmart. And you see what I did — I chose weed.” Another pivotal moment occurred in 2013 at the VMAs, where she performed an infamous dance involving teddy bears. But rather than view it as a mistake, the “Wrecking Ball” singer feels she was misunderstood, describing it as a joke. Since then, Cyrus has chosen a professional path that centers on her Happy Hippie foundation, which is designed to provide support to at-risk LGBTQ and homeless youth. As for how being a coach on The Voice fits into that goal? Miley Cyrus recalls her journey from her Disney Channel days. [Image by Christopher Polk/Getty Images for iHeartMedia] “I am only doing The Voice‘ because that helps Happy Hippie,” she clarified. Miley traveled a long road to becoming involved with the LGBTQ community, revealing that she did not “understand my own gender and my own sexuality,” tracing her “eyes opening” back to fifth or sixth grade. She emphasized she is wary of certain labels. “I always hated the word ‘bisexual,’ because that’s even putting me in a box. My first relationship in my life was with a chick.” Although she grew up in “a very religious Southern family,” the singer has faith in her parents, noting that she “just felt that one day they are going to understand.” But it’s not just her parents to whom she’s reaching out now with an explanation of her gender identification journey. Cyrus also is opening up about how she first identified as pansexual. “I went to the LGBTQ center here in L.A., and I started hearing these stories. I saw one human in particular who didn’t identify as male or female,” she recalled. “I related to that person more than I related to anyone in my life.” Miley believes that individual “was the first gender-neutral person” she had ever met, leading to her comprehension of her sexuality. “Once I understood my gender more, which was unassigned, then I understood my sexuality more.” Moreover, Cyrus feels that although the “LGBTQ alphabet” could grow, there’s one letter that she particularly wants added to the term. “There’s a ‘P’ that should happen, for ‘pansexual,'” she stated. Where does Miley’s relationship with Liam Hemsworth fit into her journey, including their alleged plans to tie the knot? #LiamHemsworth is NEVER going to forgive #MileyCyrus after doing this ???? https://t.co/67ycYRnQBH pic.twitter.com/wKn3ZNHBlK — Life & Style (@Life_and_Style) October 15, 2016 Life & Style cites a source who revealed that Miley has called off her wedding to Hemsworth and is “rethinking the whole relationship.” The insider explained that she feels that their personalities no longer are a good match. “[She] doesn’t think their personalities mesh anymore. She’s a free spirit and full of energy and she’s starting to find Liam a little boring.” However, despite those dismal allegations about the wedding being called off, E! News reports that Liam is re-engaged to his girlfriend and that the two are happily nesting. Miley Cyrus really loves living with Liam Hemsworth, because who wouldn't love being at home with Liam Hemsworth? https://t.co/ZVRPJA8OX6 pic.twitter.com/9DqgPw7onV — E! News (@enews) October 13, 2016 Hemsworth and the 23-year-old singer are keeping their love alive, a source told E! News, sharing that she “really loves nesting with Liam.” Included in that nesting? Lots of good food. “She cooks a lot,” added the insider. “She loves trying out new recipes all the time.” Will wedding bells ring for Liam Hemsworth and Miley Cyrus? [Image by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images] While that description of the couple sounds cozy, the Daily Mail reported on October 16 that new footage has emerged from a 2014 gig that might haunt her. The newly surfaced footage, which dates from the singer’s wild-child stage, shows her performing at London’s G.A.Y nightclub. Fans were allowed to get so close when she leaped into the crowd that some fans touched her intimately, according to the Daily Mail. However, that incident occurred two years ago, and the media outlet notes that she has “calmed down significantly,” joining Liam in attempting to keep their romance out of the public spotlight. EXCLUSIVE: #LiamHemsworth fighting with #MileyCyrus over her smoking! https://t.co/J31h6u84Uk pic.twitter.com/khlXQ5ZInh — Life & Style (@Life_and_Style) October 17, 2016 Life & Style reported new details on October 17 of what allegedly went wrong between Miley and Hemsworth, citing a friend of the couple’s who discussed a fight that occurred just before she called off the wedding. The friend revealed that Cyrus and Liam fought after Hemsworth criticized her for “smoking too much pot,” and the battle was “really bad,” according to the duo’s pal. “She was screaming at him, telling him he was holding her back and making her hide who she truly is,” revealed the pal. “It wasn’t long after the argument that she ended their engagement.” But Hemsworth has not given up, even though both of them are “so upset and angry,” noted the friend. “[Liam] still hopes they can work things out,” another source told Life & Style. [Featured Image by Kevin Winter/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Dream Kardashian Is Already A Social Media Sensation Now Read This: Lil Wayne Dances To Politically Upset Fans At Flog Gnaw After Race Incident Share 19 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Joanne Eglash Tags: liam hemsworth, liam hemsworth miley cyrus, liam hemsworth miley cyrus wedding, miley cyrus Comments LATEST HEADLINES Lil Wayne Dances To Politically Upset Fans At Flog Gnaw After Race Incident Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End Is Tyga On The Down Low? Mia Isabella Relationship Remains Unanswered NFL Playoff Standings: Pittsburgh Steelers, Green Bay Packers Terrible (Again) As Dallas Cowboys Fly High iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors: 3 Things Apple Can Do To Ensure Its Success Steve Bannon Named Trump’s Chief Strategist, Concern Involves Nationalist Tendencies Mike Evans Protests Trump: Tampa Bay Buccaneers Wide Receiver Refuses To Stand For National Anthem To Protest President-Elect Donald Trump Zayn Malik And Gigi Hadid Have Been Together For One Year: Where It Started And Where It Is Headed David Blaine: Is ‘Beyond Magic’ Dark Magic? Watch Blaine Throw Up And Swallow A Live Frog [Video] Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 225.2k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 45.1k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 76.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 22.8k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 0 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 8k 0 0 Recent Headlines George Soros: Billionaire Who Funded Black Lives Matter Protests Now Accused Of Bankrolling Anti-Trump Protests 0 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors 2016: Willie Cauley-Stein to Celtics, Terry Rozier And James Young to Kings 0 0 0 Andrew Lumish: ‘The Good Cemeterian’ — Freely Restoring Veteran Headstones 11 0 0 Christian Dillard: Maryland Man Stabs Own Children After Sexually Assaulting Ex Girlfriend 0 0 0 ’90 Day Fiance’: Paola And Loren Defend Danielle From Mohamed [Video] 1 0 0 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? 9 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
👤 Register / Login Contact Advertise Newsletters Magazines Conferences About Search: 2,834 Franchises | 3,203 Articles | 58,313 News Stories Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Getting Started » What is Franchising? » Franchising Articles » Franchise Blogs » Franchise Events » Franchise Guides » Franchise News » Success Stories » Franchise Videos » Net Worth Calculator Browse Opportunities » Search » By Industry » By Location » By Investment » By Alpha » By Type » By Maturity Find a Franchise: INDUSTRY: Any Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending MAX INVESTMENT: Any Over $1,000,000 $750,000 $500,000 $450,000 $400,000 $350,000 $300,000 $250,000 $200,000 $150,000 $100,000 $90,000 $80,000 $70,000 $60,000 $50,000 $40,000 $30,000 $20,000 $10,000 LOCATION: Any ----- United States ----- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming ----- Canada ----- Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory ----- Other International ----- OPPORTUNITY TYPE: Any Non-Franchised Business Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Featured Choices: Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Veteran Opportunities Popular Choices: Food Franchises Small Business Franchises Retail Franchises Entertainment Franchises Automotive Franchises Childrens Franchises Business Services Franchises Browse By Industry: Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Staffing Travel Vending United States: AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Canada: AB BC MB NB NL NT NS ON PE PQ SK YT Europe: AL AD AT BY BE BA BG HR CY CZ DK EE FO FI FR DE GI GR HU IS IE IM IT KV LV LI LT LU MK MT MD MC ME NL NO PL PT RO RU SM RS SK SI ES SE CH UA UK VA RS International All Opportunities Browse By Investment: Quick Start Investments Under $50,000 Low Cost Investments From $50,000 to $100,000 Mid-Range Investments From $100,000 to $500,000 High Investments Over $500,000 Browse By Investment Browse By Name: # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Browse Directory Browse By Type: Business Opportunities Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Browse Directory Browse By Maturity: New Opportunities Opportunities in their first 5 years Established Opportunities From 5 to 25 years in Business Seasoned Opportunities From 25 to 50 years in Business Classic Opportunities Over 50 Years In Business Browse Directory Resources Business Services: Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications Browse Resource Directory News » All » Alliances » Events » Expansions » Financial » Media Coverage » Mergers » Personnel » Products » Rankings Popular News: Urban Float to Mainstream Floatation Therapy, Launches National Expansion Plans 101 Mobility Makes Debut on Franchise Times Top 200+ Blue Moon Estate Sales Appoints New Digital Platform Manager UFC Gym® Set To Open First Signature Location In Florida On November 5 The Junkluggers Brings ‘Green’ Junk Removal to Charlotte Anytime Fitness Names Andy Gundlach “Club Operator Of The Year” – Again Wienerschnitzel Teams Up with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network to Honor Company Founder SUBWAY® Celebrates National Sandwich Day with The Good Deed Feed™ - Unlimited Donations to Feeding America® Pinot’s Palette® Named to 2016 Franchise Times Top 200+ NFL & Restaurant Industry Veteran Opens 2nd Jersey Mike’s Location Tomorrow Submit NewsBrowse News Recent Mergers & Acquisitions: RE/MAX, LLC Agrees to Purchase RE/MAX New Jersey Master Franchise Alliance Franchise Brands Acquires KKP Canada All Chili's Restaurants In Idaho Are Open And Ready To Serve Guests Under New Management All Chili's Restaurants In Washington Are Open And Ready To Serve Guests Under New Management Senior Helpers® Primed for Growth with Acquisition by Altaris Capital Partners, LLC Browse Mergers Recent Financial News: Texas Roadhouse, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend Gap Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter Dividend H&R Block Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend Boston Pizza Royalties Income Fund Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Reports Results for Third Quarter 2016 Browse Financial News Recent Expansion News: Hyatt Announces Entry Into Pakistan With Plans For Four Hyatt-Branded Hotels NTY Franchise Company Opens Their 200th Store Seva Grand Opening In Hemet, CA Wendy's Celebrates National Adoption Night in South Florida DoubleTree by Hilton Opens Historic Oceanfront Hotel on Hilo Bay in Hawaii Browse Expansion News Recent Personnel News: BRIX Holdings Promotes Craig Erlich to President Dan Murphy Announces Retirement from The Growth Coach Home Care Assistance of Pasadena Welcomes Liz Perrigue, CSA, as Home Care Liaison Wyndham Worldwide Welcomes Louise Brady to Board of Directors Villa Restaurant Group Announces Key Promotion Within Newly Formed Communications And Digital Marketing Department Browse Personnel News Recent Strategic Alliance News: Join The Merry Mission At Build-A-Bear Workshop To Support Boys & Girls Clubs Of America Elevation Burger Announces Partnership with Washington Redskins Bar Louie Salutes Veterans and Active Military with Free Entrée on Veterans Day and Offers 'Give Back' Donation to Operation Homefront Wienerschnitzel Teams Up with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network to Honor Company Founder 11 Million Reasons to Say “Thank You America” Browse Alliance News Recent Rankings News: PrideStaff Northern Kentucky Recognized for Stellar Growth HomeVestors Named a Top Low-Cost Franchise by Franchise Business Review sweetFrog Honors Veterans With Free Treats It’s a Clean Sweep for Office Pride of Dover as it Receives 2016 “Franchise of the Year” and “Standards of Excellence” Awards ATWork Group’s Jason Leverant Receives Volunteer of the Year Award Browse Rankings News Recent Events News: The Wendy's Company to Report 2016 Third-Quarter Results on Wednesday, November 9 Famous Dave's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Snap-on to Present at Baird Industrial Conference Weight Watchers Announces Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call Jamba to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results on November 4th, 2016 Browse Events News Recent Media Coverage: Five Military Veterans Win Travel Franchises from CruiseOne/Dream Vacations Window World Completes 100th Veterans Airlift Command Mission House Doctors Celebrates Veteran Franchise Owners Army Officer and Coldwell Banker Customer's Awesome Homecoming Moment Chosen for National Advertising Campaign The Habit Burger Grill Raises $418,000 To Fight Childhood Hunger Browse Media Coverage Recent Product Announcements: Lightbridge Academy’s Unique ParentView® Internet Monitoring System Gives Parents the Peace of Mind They Need Fajita Flatbreads Are Back At Arby’s With New Slow-Cooked Chicken And Spicy Ghost Pepper Sauce Smiling Moose Rocky Mountain Deli Puts Adventurous Spin on Original Mo! Sandwich Huddle House Launches New Franchise Information Website Dickey's Barbecue Pit Will Offer Specials On Veterans Day To Thank Them For Their Service Browse Product Announcements Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Subscribe » Newsletters » Magazines » Social Media Franchising.com Newsletters: Franchising.com Express Weekly Digest of Franchise Opportunities & News Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Ideas, strategies and solutions for today's high achieving franchisees. Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Marketing insights, strategies, and intelligence for today's growing franchisors. Franchise Update Sales Report Your source for leadership, sales, and marketing intelligence. Browse Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions: Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Dedicated Exclusively to Multi-Unit and Multi-Brand Franchisees Franchise Update Magazine Business Intelligence for Growing Franchisors Browse Magazines Social Media Channels: YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Register / Login Franchise Opportunities Getting Started Topics Features Guides Blogs Events Videos Browse Opportunities Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Listed Franchises By Industry By Location By Investment By Alpha By Type By Maturity Franchise Resources Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications News All Alliances Events Expansions Financial Media Coverage Mergers Personnel Products Rankings Conferences Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Franchise Update Media About Us Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Advertise Contact Us 0 Shares   12 Reads Home: News: Cellairis Mobile Repairs: Quick Mobile Device Repairs Available at New Cellairis in Harahan Walmart Residents in Harahan will now have access to on-site mobile device repairs at their local Walmart. Opening October 24th, 2016 at the Walmart at 510 Jefferson Highway, Harahan, LA 70123, Cellairis will provide quality repairs for iPhones, iPads and many other mobile devices. HARAHAN, LA (PRWEB) October 17, 2016 - Cellairis has risen in popularity around the country as more and more people depend on smartphones for their communication. The mobile device repair company began by offering accessories and repair for cell phones and now offers a wide list of services for repairing tablets, iPhones and even computers. Their quick service and affordable prices make them an excellent addition to many Walmart stores, including the new location in the Harahan Walmart. People depend on their smartphones for convenient communication for work and personal uses. Many even use their smartphones as their sole internet connection. A study performed by Pew Research Center in 2015 revealed that the majority of adults own smartphones, an estimated two-thirds of the population. Many of these adults are described as “smartphone-dependent,” using their smartphones as their only broadband access. Considering how important it is today to stay connected, this makes a service like Cellairis with same day repairs on smartphones a hot commodity. Taki Skouras, the co-founder and CEO of Cellairis, recognizes this growing need for quick, quality repairs on smartphones and other mobile devices. “We understand the importance of staying connected,” says Skouras. “We provide a valuable service for our customers that depend on their mobile devices on a daily basis, and we make it easy to access our services by providing convenient locations like the new store in the Harahan Walmart.” Smartphone repair is a big portion of Cellairis’ business, but it is not all they offer. In addition to fixing iPhones, Samsung Galaxies and other cell phones, they also repair tablets and computers. Cellairis is known for its quick turnaround on repairs and their fantastic warranty. In addition, they offer a wide array of accessories for mobile devices, including cases, covers and tech gear. They also buy old cell phones and tablets for cash, making them an excellent source for electronic recycling of old devices. About Cellairis For more information about Cellairis and the device repair franchise or to find out if a Cellairis repair center is coming to your nearest Walmart store, please email mgann(at)cellairis(dot)com or visit cellairis.com. Prepared by Find Local Company SOURCE Cellairis Contact: Makena Gann Cellairis +1 678-513-4020 Ext: 415 ### Social Reach: Viewer Response: Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Cellairis Mobile Repairs » Cellairis device repair centers are committed to providing fast turnaround times and guaranteed repairs on iPhone, iPad, Samsung Galaxy and other electronic devices. Browse: Business Overview Franchise News Franchise News Room » All Franchise News Expansion Financial Mergers & Acquisitions Personnel General Announcements Conference Product Announcements Media Coverage Strategic Alliances News By Industry » Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending Hot Opportunities Kiddie Academy Educational Child Care Franchise. Kiddie Academy is one of the nation's... The Pizza Press GET READY TO BRING NEWSWORTHY PIZZA TO YOUR TOWN! The Pizza Press is... Dessange Dessange is the salon of choice for international film stars, celebrities... SpeedPro Imaging SpeedPro Imaging is the ONLY franchise available exclusively focusing on... AAMCO Transmissions and Total Car Care AAMCO franchisees benefit from joining a brand that has been in business... Wireless Zone Almost 25 years ago an instantly successful business began called... Blue Coast Burrito Bring a healthy alternative to traditional fast food to your location with... MassageLuXe MassageLuXe® is a fast-growing massage franchise providing massage... Share This Page CHANNELS Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors GETTING STARTED What is Franchising? Franchising Articles Franchise Blogs Franchise Events Franchise Guides Franchise News Success Stories Franchise Videos Net Worth Calculator OPPORTUNITIES Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Franchises A-Z By Industry By Type By Location By Investment By Maturity RESOURCES Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications PRODUCTS & SERVICES Franchise Learning Academy Annual Franchise Development Report Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide Technology Buyer's Guide CONFERENCES Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference MAGAZINES Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Franchise Update Magazine ABOUT Advertising Corporate Information Press Contact Us Legal Notices Privacy Policy Advertiser Login SOCIAL Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube The franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a franchise opportunity. Franchise Update Media | P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681 Copyright © 2001 - 2016. All Rights Reserved. Site Hosting Provided By: wishVPS on FUMG3 In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us How President Trump Could Reshape the Supreme Court—and the Country Lawmakers fear Trump will undercut America's 'soft power' The man hoping to counter President Trump Revenge of the rural voter What the insiders got wrong about 2016 Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides Politico Morning Shift Your daily speed read on labor and employment policy Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Business seeks quick overtime shutdown By Cogan Schneier 10/17/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Ted Hesson and Marianne LeVine BUSINESS SEEKS QUICK OVERTIME SHUTDOWN: Business groups filed a motion late Friday for expedited summary judgment, in effect asking a federal judge in Texas to vacate immediately the Labor Department’s overtime rule. The regulation, effective December 1, will double (to $47,476) the salary threshold under which virtually all workers are guaranteed time-and-a-half pay whenever they work more than 40 hours in a given week. The rule also indexes the salary threshold to inflation. The business groups filed a lawsuit in September alleging that the salary threshold was too high and that the rule “exceeds DOL’s regulatory authority under the FLSA by establishing an unprecedented ‘escalator’ provision that will dramatically increase the minimum salary over time.” The request for expedited summary judgment came two days after 21 state attorneys general who also filed a lawsuit against the rule similarly requested an emergency preliminary injunction. Both cases have been assigned to the Obama-appointed Judge Amos Louis Mazzant, III. Read the business groups’ motion here. Story Continued Below GOOD MORNING. It's Monday, Oct. 17 and this is Morning Shift, POLITICO's daily tipsheet on labor and employment policy. Send tips, exclusives, and suggestions to mlevine@politico.com, cschneier@politico.com, thesson@politico.com, and tnoah@politico.com. Follow us on Twitter at @marianne_levine, @CoganSchneier, @tedhesson and @TimothyNoah1. POP QUIZ: T/F? THE GSA IS REQUIRED BY LAW TO SUPPLY OFFICE SPACE AND EQUIPMENT TO PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION TEAMS? Not sure? No problem. Over the next several weeks, we’ll be sharing the resources you’ll need to navigate the changing landscape in Washington. From the “Five Things You Need to Know” (where you’d learn the answer to the above question is true) to the big names under consideration for key positions, you’ll be 100 percent ready for Transition 2017. Sign up now. NLRB FOCUSES MCDONALD’S CASE: Lauren Esposito, the National Labor Relations Board administrative law judge presiding over the McDonald’s case in New York, last week directed the parties to proceed solely on the question of whether the fast-food giant should be considered a joint employer. That order defers, for now, the question of whether the franchisees in this case and in dozens of other McDonald’s NLRB cases around the country committed unfair labor practices (for which a joint employer could be held jointly liable). Esposito’s ruling severs the New York case from these other cases, which are scheduled for future hearings in Los Angeles and Chicago, in the interest of reducing delays. Bloomberg BNA has a full rundown here. EEOC APPEALS TRANSGENDER DISCRIMINATION CASE: The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission filed an appeal last week of a district court’s decision that a Michigan funeral home was permitted under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act to fire a transgender employee. In the case, RG & GR Harris Funeral Homes Inc., fired the employee for dressing as a female, in violation of its dress code. The funeral home claimed that the employee’s choice to wear a female uniform went against the owner’s religious beliefs, threatening his rights under the RFRA. The agency filed its appeal in the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, and the court will hold a mediation call on the issue Nov. 15. The notice of appeal is here. PALANTIR REJECTS DOL’S ASIAN BIAS CHARGES: The data-mining firm Palantir Technologies Inc. pushed back Friday against the Labor Department’s allegations that it discriminated against Asians, reports Bloomberg Technology’s Lizette Chapman. The company, which holds contracts with the CIA, the Department of Homeland Security, and other government agencies, said DOL used a flawed analysis in concluding that Palantir’s hiring and selection process shut out Asian applicants. “Palantir argues that Asians are well represented across the company, with two of its four senior leaders identifying themselves as Asian,” Chapman writes. “At least 37 percent of its U.S. product engineering team and 25 percent of Palantir’s entire workforce are Asian, the company said. Palantir also says the agency findings were a result of a random audit, conducted over a short period of time with incomplete data, and not a result of any injured parties suing.” More from Bloomberg Technology here. IMMIGRATION AND THE ENVIRONMENT: A public interest law firm working to curb legal and illegal immigration will file a lawsuit today in federal court alleging that the Department of Homeland Security failed to evaluate the effects of immigration under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), a law that requires federal agencies to consider environmental impacts before making decisions. The firm — Immigration Reform Law Institute, a supporting group of the Federation for American Immigration Reform — will file the lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. “For the last 46 years, NEPA has required any agency considering an action that will affect the environment to analyze and publicize those effects,” reads a draft statement. “DHS, like its predecessor agency Immigration and Naturalization Services, has never considered or analyzed the enormous ‘impacts to the human environment’ of legal and illegal immigration, as required by NEPA.” The lawsuit will be brought by a mix of plaintiffs, including the Whitewater Draw Natural Resource Conservation District, the Arizona Association of Conservation Districts, Californians for Population Stabilization, and New Mexico Cattle Growers’ Association. Former Colorado Gov. Richard Lamm, a Democrat, is a plaintiff as a member of Californians for Population Stabilization. “Conservatives and liberals alike should be shocked at the environmental effects of out-of-control immigration,” Lamm said in the draft release. “It is environmental malpractice to ignore immigration.” Lamm, you may recall, stirred up a hornet’s nest of controversy 32 years ago when he said that elderly people who were terminally ill had a “duty to die and get out of the way” like “leaves falling off a tree and forming humus for the other plants to grow up.” Lamm turned 81 last month. CALIF. COURT: NLRA DOES NOT PREEMPT TRESPASS CLAIM: Law360’s Melissa Daniels reports that a California state appeals court on Friday upheld an injunction that barred union members from staging demonstrations inside Walmart stores on the grounds that they constituted trespassing. The United Food and Commercial Workers and the Organization United for Respect at Walmart had argued that because Walmart filed a charge on the matter with the NLRB, its trespassing claim was preempted by the National Labor Relations Act. But the court ruled that “a trespass claim can be considered a local interest exception.” Even though Walmart filed an unfair labor charge, the court said, the “controversies” presented in that charge were not precisely the same as in the trespass action. Read more here. Speaking of Walmart, the New York Times’ Neil Irwin writes that the retailer’s 2015 decision to raise wages, increase training, and offer more predictable scheduling seem to be paying off. “By early 2016,” Irwin reports, “the proportion of stores hitting their targeted customer-service ratings had rebounded to 75 percent. Sales are rising again.” Walmart’s experiment may have broader implications for the country’s economy, Irwin writes. “Individually, employers may think they are making rational decisions to pay people as little as possible. But that may be collectively shortsighted, if the unintended result is less demand for the goods and services they are all trying to sell to these same people.” Read more in the New York Times. DC METRO SUES ATU: The Washington Post’s Martine Powers reports that the embattled D.C. Metro is suing its largest union over disciplinary policy. The agency filed a lawsuit last week in U.S. District Court arguing that it had the right to make its own decisions about penalties for employee violations without approval from union negotiators. But last month an arbitrator said otherwise, Powers writes, ruling that Metro must negotiate with Amalgamated Transit Union Local 689 to “institute a new policy on the criteria managers must use to determine punishments.” The lawsuit, Powers write, “is the latest legal battle between Metro and the union. In July, the union sued Metro to force it to rehire a mechanic who falsified a report on a tunnel fan inspection” two months before a passenger died nearby of smoke inhalation. “Metro filed a counterclaim, arguing that rehiring the worker would be a ‘serious risk.’” The Washington Post has more here. HARVARD STRIKERS ARRESTED: The Boston Globe’s Adam Vacarro reports that nine striking Harvard cafeteria workers were arrested Friday, along with two union officials, after they staged a sit-in in Harvard Square. Seven hundred and fifty dining hall workers have been on strike 13 days, demanding that the world’s richest university lower their health care costs and furnish them a $35,000 salary floor. A rally Friday focused on the health care issue for female workers and their families; the sit-in followed. All nine workers arrested were female. “It marked the second straight day of more boisterous action from the union,” Vacarro writes. UNITE HERE Local 26 spokesperson Tiffany Ten Eyck said that the arrested cafeteria workers and union officials were all released Friday evening, and will appear in court today on charges of disturbing the peace. Read more here. MINNESOTA CHAMBER SUES OVER PAID SICK DAYS: The Minnesota Chamber of Commerce filed a lawsuit Friday to stop the city of Minneapolis from requiring businesses to offer employees paid sick time. The city ordinance, passed in May, requires private business owners to offer employees one hour of paid sick time for every 30 hours worked, up to 48 hours per year. The chamber is requesting an injunction against the ordinance on the grounds that it conflicts with state law, writes the Star Tribune’s Eric Roper. Minnesota already has a state law regulating sick leave, the Chamber argues, that does not require businesses to offer any. More here. WHISKEY REBELLION: Employees at Beam, the world’s largest bourbon producer, went on strike at two Kentucky distilleries after voting last week to reject a new contract proposal, reports the Courier-Journal’s Bailey Loosemore. More than 200 union workers walked off the job Saturday, citing extended hours, increasing use of temporary workers, and a disregard for seniority. More than 95 percent of the world’s bourbon comes from Kentucky, where production last year reached a near-50-year high. Beam’s original proposal would have increased wages and eliminated a two-tiered wage system for “almost all employees,” according to a company statement. It also had new language about temporary workers, a representative from the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 111D said, but that wasn’t enough. The union wants Beam to commit to hiring more full-time workers. Until the strike ends, the company said it has “contingency plans” to keep up production and distribution. More here. COLLECTIVE BALLIN’ AGREEMENT: The NBA and the National Basketball Players Association are scheduled to meet this Wednesday as they rush to finish a new collective bargaining agreement, ESPN’s Ian Begley and Dave McMenamin report. “The meeting is the latest signal, sources told ESPN, that a new deal to avoid a work stoppage is looming in the near future. Sources say there is rising optimism on both sides of the bargaining table that the basic framework of a deal can be achieved as early as this month.” The last CBA negotiations in 2011 led to a five-month work stoppage, eliminating 16 regular season games. Read more here. Meanwhile, in college basketball, Wisconsin Badgers’ basketball player Nigel Hayes appeared Saturday on ESPN to protest the NCAA’s policy of no compensation. Hayes carried a poster that read, “Broke college athlete anything helps,” and directed readers to donate to a Venmo account. Hayes has repeatedly spoken out against the NCAA for not paying its student athletes. More from the Huffington Post here. COFFEE BREAK —”How inequality is rising among identical workers as companies’ fortunes diverge,” from the Wall Street Journal. — “Instacart cancels plans to scrap tips amid threats of strikes,” from BuzzFeed. — “‘Right-to-work’ is hot election issue between unions, business in Va.,” from the Washington Post. — “This is what work-life balance looks like at a company with 100% retention of moms,” from Quartz. — “Labor bosses: Charlie Baker cuts ‘beyond the bone,’” from the Boston Herald. — “To empower unions, Indiana labor targets state elections,” from WBAA. THAT’S ALL FOR MORNING SHIFT. « View Archives Authors: Cogan Schneier cschneier@politico.com @CoganSchneier About The Author Cogan Schneier is a labor and employment reporter for POLITICO Pro. Before coming to POLITICO, Schneier wrote for both USA TODAY and Federal News Radio, covering a range of topics including government, media and business. Schneier is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she was an editor at the student-run Badger Herald. She is a Boston native with an enduring love for the Red Sox and clam chowder (New England style, of course). Most Read Trump names Priebus and Bannon as top aides Revenge of the rural voter The man hoping to counter President Trump Trump: Criminals will be deported first How President Trump Could Reshape the Supreme Court—and the Country Ryan: 'No concerns' with Bannon as Trump chief of staff Ryan says he and Trump 'not planning' mass deportations Conway: Trump will drain swamp — but retain D.C. insiders Trump asks to postpone Trump University trial until after inauguration New York Times: Trump wrong about readership Morning Shift - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/11/16 Thursday, 11/10/16 Wednesday, 11/9/16 Tuesday, 11/8/16 Monday, 11/7/16 View the Full Morning Shift Archives » Politico Magazine The Black Swan President By POLITICO MAGAZINE America’s Most ‘Anti’ Election Ever By Michael Hirsh, Michael Kruse and Ben Wofford The Video That Helps Explain Clinton’s Loss By Cynthia Farrar ‘He Was Surprised as Anyone' By Michael Kruse More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy

OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN B.C. National World LATEST NEWS: Highway re-opened after rock fall forces closure Heavy rainfall warning in effect, but Alberni mayor optimistic Socrates sets sail in new attempt at world solo record Nanaimo First Nation ratifies record land-claim settlement Trump's tough talk, Cuban military exercises cast shadow on Trudeau visit $7.5 million missing from lawyer’s trust account Masked men carrying fake guns arrested at gunpoint by Surrey Mounties Vancouver Sun October 17, 2016 12:14 AM Five men hanging around a Surrey Walmart wearing masks and carrying fake pistols were just “playing around,” police said Sunday. In a news release, Surrey Mounties said the group of men were seen in the underground parkade of the Guildford Mall Walmart at about 8:40 p.m. on Saturday. “Members of the Surrey RCMP immediately attended to the location, and located the group of males, some of them still wearing masks, and with what appeared to be pistols in their hands,” the release said. “The group of males was detained at gunpoint, and it was determined that the handguns that they had were actually imitation firearms. The group of males were just playing around, and could not give any legitimate reason for their actions in the parkade.” Police issued a warning to the public that trained officers can’t tell the difference between real guns and imitation firearms until they can be seen up-close and properly identified. “Police have to deal with the situation as if the weapon was real,” cops said.   © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Kellie Leitch links apparent break-in attempt at her home to leadership campaign › next Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Famed Malahat resort returns in glorious style Skeleton crews keep up ships to nowhere ‘Wall of columns’ feared for Vic West A touch of déjà vu: Harold Backer case rekindles Ian Thow scandal Malahat highway reopened after afternoon crash At least two dead in powerful New Zealand earthquake Less invasive urology tools the goal of $100,000 drive Nanaimo First Nation ratifies record land-claim settlement Island View future a tough balancing act Wildflower hit maker Doug Edwards, ‘a one in million’ pop artist, dies at 71 Land Conservancy hopes new plan will end creditor protection Giant Canadian Tire opening at Hillside, two others to close New Canadian Tire store to open next week RCMP looking into allegations against mayor in Nanaimo Victoria's renovated Capitol 6 reopens Nov. 4 as luxury multiplex Chaos as millions in India crowd banks to exchange currency Late-fall opening expected for Canadian Tire at Hillside Massive chandelier crowning touch to Empress Hotel’s big renovation Aerie Resort sale linked to new motorsport park Massive Tsawwassen mall sets sights on Island shoppers Westshore Rebels beaten by Saskatoon Hilltops in Canadian Bowl Michael Saunders gives Lambrick Park ball academy major league boost Grizzlies’ good form goes off the rails at Powell River Tri-City Americans take revenge on Victoria Royals Rebels vs. Hilltops in junior football’s Canadian Bowl at Westhills today Free-agent Michael Saunders hopes to stay with Blue Jays Canadian coach voices pride in his players after going down to Ireland Mixed fortunes for Vikes hoops against Calgary Dinos Colonist Cup in Reynolds’ crosshairs Obituary: Rocker Leon Russell recorded top hits in '60s, '70s Your timescolonist.com More News GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2016 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Open Menu Home News Campus City 2 days ago 2016 Fall Quarter election results announced November 11, 2016 Students hold anti-Trump rally at Memorial Union November 9, 2016 Post-election processing spaces available for UC Davis community November 9, 2016 Students protest Donald Trump’s presidential victory November 7, 2016 Cannabis cultivation permit problems persist November 7, 2016 Davis Homeless Shelter seeking volunteers for winter November 7, 2016 Propositions are underrated: Go Vote! November 7, 2016 Politics for breakfast, anyone? Features November 9, 2016 Rescuing our furry friend November 9, 2016 The technology behind note taking November 7, 2016 Reaching new heights in collegiate aviation November 7, 2016 The 2016 presidential election Opinion Editorial Guest Column Humor November 9, 2016 Senate endorsements: consider the following October 31, 2016 The Editorial Board’s Proposition Endorsements October 27, 2016 Editorial Board endorses Hillary Clinton for president October 25, 2016 Dope decisions: The Editorial Board endorses legalizing recreational marijuana November 9, 2016 Is America on the cusp of a historic decline? November 7, 2016 Guest Opinion: Connections between Brexit, the Colombian peace process and the US presidential election November 3, 2016 Guest Opinion: No on Prop 54: a special-interest power grab November 3, 2016 Guest Opinion: Colin Kaepernick, Hillary Clinton, the double standard of political correctness November 9, 2016 How other countries do gun control right November 9, 2016 At The Crossroads: Bridging cultural divides by bridging technology and storytelling November 7, 2016 The far left, liberal utopias and Portlandia November 7, 2016 Livestock industry fights for right to be “herd” November 7, 2016 Humor: Speakers to be installed in classrooms for weekly 10 a.m. chancellor announcements November 3, 2016 HUMOR: Facebook event cover photo more fun than party will ever be November 3, 2016 HUMOR: Alcohol should be the Sriracha in your life, not the actual meal November 3, 2016 HUMOR: Stop glorifying staying in Arts and Culture November 9, 2016 Kanye West and Cirque Du Soleil just an Uber ride away November 9, 2016 Introducing the Davis Chamber Choir November 7, 2016 Election day coverage with the Daily Show Correspondents November 7, 2016 David Sedaris returns to UC Davis Sports November 9, 2016 Russell Westbrook’s year November 8, 2016 Guest: Confessions of a Californian Cubs fan November 7, 2016 UC Davis men’s water polo battles to win hard fought game in final minutes November 7, 2016 UC Davis women’s field hockey closes out regular season with home victory Science November 7, 2016 Paleobiologists uncover earth’s history, reach new depths November 3, 2016 Hold your horses: equine work may prove healing for people with dementia November 1, 2016 Maximizing the capability of the human body October 30, 2016 UC Davis alumnus publishes culinary science book Photo Photo of the Week Focus November 1, 2016 Photo of the Week: 11/2/2016 October 25, 2016 Photo of the Week: 10/26/2016 October 19, 2016 Photo of the Week: 10/19/2016 October 12, 2016 Photo of the Week: 10/12/2016 October 11, 2016 Featured Summer Snapshots June 3, 2016 7 p.m. on a Sunday night May 31, 2016 Colors May 24, 2016 Our lovely study spots Best of Davis 2016 Contact Search 12 New 2 days ago Campus News 2016 Fall Quarter election results announced November 11, 2016 Campus News Students hold anti-Trump rally at Memorial Union November 9, 2016 Campus News Post-election processing spaces available for UC Davis community November 9, 2016 Guest Is America on the cusp of a historic decline? November 9, 2016 Campus News Students protest Donald Trump’s presidential victory November 9, 2016 Editorial Senate endorsements: consider the following November 9, 2016 Sports Russell Westbrook’s year November 9, 2016 Arts & Culture Kanye West and Cirque Du Soleil just an Uber ride away November 9, 2016 Arts & Culture Introducing the Davis Chamber Choir November 9, 2016 Column How other countries do gun control right November 9, 2016 Column At The Crossroads: Bridging cultural divides by bridging technology and storytelling November 9, 2016 Features Rescuing our furry friend Various grants support Kids’ Farmer’s Market in Yolo County Schools BIANCA ANTUNEZ - city@theaggie.org October 16, 2016 Twitter Facebook Google + Linkedin Comments YOLO FOOD BANK / COURTESY Yolo Food Bank after-school program provides produce to food-insecure children in schools across the county The Yolo Food Bank (YFB) received various grants from Walmart, Yocha Dehe Wintun Nation Community Fund, Genentech Foundation, Sutter Health, Monsanto, PG&E, Sierra Health and Nugget Markets, totaling upwards of $75,000, which will fund Kids’ Farmer’s Markets (KFM) for the 2016 to 2017 school year. This pseudo-farmer’s market is held after school once a week, during which the children are given fake money to “purchase” fruits and vegetables from the farmer’s market. The markets started in 2012 through a similar grant by Walmart; the free pilot-program was held at only one school then. However, the kids farmers markets have grown to serve two preschools and five elementary schools. With consistent success and an increase in funding, YBF hopes to eventually expand to all of the 17 schools that qualify for the kids farmer’s market. Schools that can join the program must have over 50 percent of students who qualify to receive free or reduced lunch. There are about 20 to 275 kids at each school, with a total of about 1,000 children. Jeanée Natov, program coordinator, discussed the mission and goals of KFM for this year: increasing year-round access to fresh fruit and vegetables among low-income Yolo County children, increasing food literacy and physical activity of KFM participants, increasing students’ attitudes and behaviors related to fruit and vegetable intake, expanding KFM to all elementary school sites in Yolo County — in which at least 50 percent of students qualify for the free or reduced lunch program — and increasing public awareness of the KFM program. Stephanie Villegas, director of programs at YBF, is excited to bring the program back for another year of educating even more students. “It helps kids get exposed to produce they’ve never eaten before and also encourages them to take it home and encourages their families to eat along with them,” Villegas said. “We also do nutrition education at each site through recipe cards and educational programs with the help of interns and nutrition based community organizations.” YBF gains access to the produce through a program created by California Association of Food Banks called Farm to Family (FTF), along with donations from local farmers. FTF works with farmers, ranchers, pickers and shippers to donate produce to food banks. FTF provides basic produce kids are accustomed to seeing, like oranges or apples, and varies considerably, depending what time of the year it is. The children also gain exposure to other foods through the help of various grants the program receives. Each week, a few kids are able act as vendors behind the food stands, selling produce to their peers. The interns and volunteers ensure that everything operates smoothly, even with the farmer’s market being predominantly “run” by the kids. Surprisingly, the kids are often open to trying a variety of fruits and veggies. The program provides samples of the produce in select recipes to try at the market but plans to incorporate more of these for the kids to taste. “We are implementing a lot more nutrition education in the program,” Natov said. “We are also taking UC Davis interns that are nutrition or public health majors.” The interns help promote the produce and educate the students about the fruits and vegetables. Jennifer Tong, a fourth-year nutrition in public health major, has interned with KFM since last  June 2016. She enjoys working with the kids and teaching them about food nutrition. “It’s a cool thing because we’re teaching them to be able choose and pick nutritious examples of things they can have […] at home,” Tong said. Written By: BIANCA ANTUNEZ – city@theaggie.org Some Related Posts BIANCA ANTUNEZ - city@theaggie.org November 7, 2016 Cannabis cultivation permit problems persist Farmers overwhelming medical marijuana market causes “land rush” in Yol Anya Rehon — city@theaggie.org November 7, 2016 Davis Homeless Shelter seeking volunteers for winter Volunteers to complete day-to-day management tasks, guest screening during JUNO BHARDWAJ-SHAH – city@theaggie.org November 7, 2016 Propositions are underrated: Go Vote! California votes on 13 state-wide initiatives this November There are 13 st Juno Bhardwaj-shah – city@theaggie.org November 7, 2016 Politics for breakfast, anyone? Davis residents gather for ‘Politics and Pancakes’ election discussion theaggie November 3, 2016 Police Logs This week’s most bizarre police reports Oct. 22 RP “threw a chair from by Email Newsletter – The Weekly Bit Back to top © 2015, ASUCD. Designed by Creative Media Seo wordpress plugin by www.seowizard.org.
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Op-Ed Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Retail Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Vancouver Canucks NHL Football All Football BC Lions CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Vancouver Whitecaps MLS International Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts All Local Arts Events Listings Entertainment Celebrity Festivals Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music Theatre Books Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Wine Country Health All Health Local Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer's Guide News Local News |Featured: The Real Scoop Medicine Matters Education Report The Search Civic Lee Speaking Public Sector Salaries Economy Next Vancouver in the '70s Videos Westcoast Homes & Design Conversations that Matter Affordability Sun Run | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Crime VPD chief says robber shot at Canadian Tire had further ... Local News Premier hints at extra education funding after Supreme Court ruling Local News Daphne Bramham: The Americans are coming! The Americans are coming! ... Local News Realtors rush to East Vancouver hoping to parcel land and ... Local News $7.5 million missing from Richmond lawyer's trust account disrupts real ... 5 / 5 Masked men carrying fake guns taken down at gunpoint by Surrey Mounties Staff Reporter More from Staff Reporter Published on: October 16, 2016 | Last Updated: October 16, 2016 1:37 PM PST RCMP logo on a police car. Rachel Psutka / Postmedia News Share Adjust Comment Print Five men hanging around a Surrey Walmart wearing masks and carrying fake pistols were just “playing around,” police said Sunday. In a news release, Surrey Mounties said the group of men were seen in the underground parkade of the Guildford Mall Walmart at about 8:40 p.m. on Saturday. “Members of the Surrey RCMP immediately attended to the location, and located the group of males, some of them still wearing masks, and with what appeared to be pistols in their hands,” the release said. “The group of males was detained at gunpoint, and it was determined that the handguns that they had were actually imitation firearms. The group of males were just playing around, and could not give any legitimate reason for their actions in the parkade.” Police issued a warning to the public that trained officers can’t tell the difference between real guns and imitation firearms until they can be seen up-close and properly identified. “Police have to deal with the situation as if the weapon was real,” cops said. White Rock mayor refuses to tap-out in irate debate over water... School board scrutiny mounts as funding pressures sometimes take toll: experts Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Latest Local News Videos Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Staff blogs Williams Park wind-up a fun, hill-side story for MEC Langley, super series rolled out for ... REAL SCOOP: Killer loses appeal in wife's slaying Douglas Todd: Canada's public guardians have failed Vancouverites REAL SCOOP: Courtenay HA associate gets 40 months on firearms charges Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Masked men carrying fake guns taken down at gunpoint by Surrey Mounties Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Opinion Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology Retail Sports All Sports Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts Entertainment Food Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel © 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix The Province (Vancouver) Windsor Star
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Image: Nicholas Eckhart/Flickr Did the Big-Box Electronics Retailer Ever Truly Make Sense? Written by Ernie Smith October 16, 2016 // 11:00 AM EST Copy This URL A version of this post originally appeared on Tedium, a twice-weekly newsletter that hunts for the end of the long tail. The big-box technology store isn’t dead yet—and in the case of Best Buy, it’s actually doing pretty well, beating financial estimates by a country mile. But as a whole, the concept of the sprawling electronics chain is far from its peak. In fact, it’s sort of another shade of the office-supply store. Despite that, investors keep trying to revive this idea. Right now, an investor named Ronny Shmoel is trying to bring Circuit City back to life as a physical presence, roughly seven years after the brand was mothballed. These stores have traditionally been pretty huge, somewhat faceless, and built with the same philosophies that defined selling appliances in the 1960s. (To put some numbers into the equation, the average Best Buy is 37,000 square feet, according to an estimate reported by The Star-Tribune in 2012. That’s relatively small compared to the average Walmart SuperCenter, which takes up 179,000 square feet. Both Walmart and Best Buy have been experimenting with smaller formats so as to hit different markets.) Here’s my question about all this: Does the format really make sense at all? When it comes to selling electronics, can we do better? That’s a tough question; here’s my attempt to unpack it. The tale of DIVX, Circuit City’s horrible alternate-universe Netflix competitor In 1997, Circuit City was perhaps at the peak of its powers as a retail chain, and it was in a position to help shape the way we used technology. Problem was, the chain’s big foray into the world of hardware production was horrifyingly inept, driven by film-industry interests, and put into place in partnership with a law firm. A law firm! (That law firm, Ziffren, Brittenham, Branca & Fischer, is one of Hollywood’s most powerful, by the way.) But that 1997 announcement of Digital Video Express, or DIVX, was an attempt to reshape the home video industry in a way most beneficial to the movie studios. The strategy, based on the then-new DVD technology, involved the use of encrypted discs that can be used over a short period of time, but become re-encrypted after the availability window ends. “The DIVX disc is never returned, and so the consumer never has to pay late fees. The disc becomes part of the consumer’s home video library, with additional viewing periods easily purchased through the Divx player,” a 1997 press release explains. “Consumers also will be able, through the player, to convert many titles to unlimited viewing for a one-time fee, and certain titles will be available for purchase in the store as unlimited viewing discs.” Almost immediately, the idea took on a level of hatred that could only be compared to the way that some people talked about Internet Explorer back then. A number of anti-DIVX sites soon showed up on the scene, with passionate screeds that earned notice in the mainstream press. John Giberson, a Texas resident, earned media notices by launching the “National Organization to Ban DIVX” soon after the platform’s announcement. So assured was he that everyone else would dislike the idea of DIVX that he simply linked to Circuit City’s website and told his readers to get informed. “[DIVX] makes early adopters of DVD mad,” Giberson told the South Florida Sun-Sentinel in 1998. “I think it’s a bad idea and so do about 500,000 other people that have hit my Web site. I want to see DVD take off and stay as an affordable product for the mass market.” Giberson and other voices soon helped set the conversation, helped along by the fact that Warner Bros. and Sony both opposed the format. Additionally, once you broke down the value proposition, it was clear that buying a DIVX disc wasn’t as good as going to Blockbuster, made problematic by an unforced error on the studios' part: They didn’t include any of the DVD extras on the DIVX discs, and worse, panned-and-scanned everything, meaning that the integrity of a DIVX offering couldn’t compare to standard DVDs. Image: Mike Kalasnik/Wikimedia Commons Another factor was simply logistical: Circuit City was the only firm selling DIVX throughout most of its life, and Circuit City was a big-box store. It generally wasn’t as close to your house as the average Blockbuster was, and its hours weren’t quite as good, either. But the biggest problem was that it cost Circuit City a lot of money, and that’s what did it in. In mid-1999, the DIVX debacle was shut down, with Circuit City having dropped $233 million in the hole with little to show for it beyond a lot of angry customers. Oh, and this training video. They got a training video out of it. It’s just one example of the problems that arise when you treat electronics like appliances. How CompUSA’s treatment of Apple fans shows just how poorly suited the big box is for technology In 1997, Apple was on the ropes, and needed a new distribution deal to get its products to the public. It went to the arms of a partner that it was familiar with. But ultimately, the lessons it learned from the experience led the computer maker to forge its own path. In 1997, the tech superstore CompUSA agreed to create a store-within-a-store concept for Apple, allowing the company to put a sales rep on the floor who could properly help Apple’s own customers make decisions. “We believe in the future of Apple, and we are making a large investment to show our recommitment to Apple,” CompUSA President and CEO Jim Halpin said in a press release at the time. “These specialized departments within our Superstores will offer a superior buying experience for the Apple customer.” Problem is, Halpin’s concern apparently wasn’t communicated down to individual employees. The Apple enthusiast site MacsOnly ran a page charting various consumer experiences at CompUSAs around the country, and there were a lot of situations where the staff didn’t really understand the platform. Understandable, to a degree, because it was during a period when the Mac had slim uptake. But not for a company that was supposed to be actively promoting Apple. Image: FIshstick/Wikimedia Commons Even famed technology columnist David Pogue, then a writer for MacWorld, had trouble. He went to half a dozen locations around the country, dealing with CompUSA employees at each location who seemed to have little to no interest in selling Mac-based hardware or software. “Whatever the excuse, CompUSA simply isn’t holding up its end of the sweet Apple deal,” Pogue noted. “In steering potential buyers away from Macs, store clerks make a mockery of CompUSA president Jim Halpin’s 1997 promise to make his stores ‘the Apple headquarters for America.’” So no, Apple couldn’t even get a decent presentation from a big-box store, so it eventually started looking into its own retail outlets. Those outlets, smaller and more specialized, did the job much better than a big box ever could. The ceilings are nowhere near as high, either. “Stores will still be necessary to sell products and services and to teach people how to operate in this new digital civilization.” — Carlos Slim, the Mexican billionaire, discussing his 2000 purchase of CompUSA for $800 million. Despite that seemingly sound bet, CompUSA faltered by 2007, with Fortune characterizing Slim’s ownership of the firm as “a rare misstep” for the world’s richest man at the time. Turns out, stores apparently weren’t necessary. When CompUSA closed its doors in early 2008, becoming one of many chains that have liquidated over the past couple of decades, the company gained a bizarre reputation on consumer blogs for attempting to sell products that did not work. The Consumerist, then owned by Gawker Media (which did not have a liquidation sale), kept an eye on the bloody toll. DVD players that were labeled “defective,” were being sold for $179.98. Shattered LCD screens, despite being no good, were sold anyway. People, attempting to buy stuff with cash, were turned away by store staff. In some ways, I wonder if the model for the computer superstore deserved to be left on the shelves in liquidation. These stores happened to grow into the behemoths they did not just because the computer industry grew, but because, in many ways, they were competing with every other type of retailer. Bed, Bath, and Beyond has huge stores, too; so does Michaels, IKEA, and even Old Navy. Computing as a medium is simply too mainstream, and a tiny Radio Shack store wasn’t going to cut it. One problem, though: For decades, people who sold computers never really figured out what the retail model wanted to be. Does it want to be built around heavy customization? Does it want to be an intensely personal experience? Should you get the chance to touch the device you’re about to buy, or are you better off just grabbing it in the mail after the fact? Should salespeople be up in your face or should they get completely out of the way? It took probably 20 years to get a reasonable answer to most of those questions. But big-box electronics retailers had to start somewhere, and rather than treating gadgets like some of our most important possessions, retailers long sold them like just another appliance. Computers are not washing machines—we work with them far too intimately, and we shouldn’t sell them the same way. The fact that computers are built through the same sorts of industrial processes that make washing machines must have confused someone down the line. With their boutique stores, Apple, Microsoft, and other big tech firms have figured that out. And even if the context is all wrong, it doesn’t mean the success of an electronics superstore isn’t possible: Best Buy is doing OK right now, but for a while, it was looking pretty shaky. Sure, Amazon could still eat their lunch—they’ve done it before. But I wonder what a totally rethought Best Buy would look like, unshackled from its roots as a stereo retailer. Like the devices they sell, electronics retailers can occasionally use a reboot. Topics: Tedium, circuit city, best buy, electronics, big box stores, CompUSA, DIVX Contact Motherboard by email. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended The Rise and Fall of the $100 Million Company That Taught America to Compute Early Efforts to Bring the News Online Changed the Shape of Media Forever Best Buy Turned the $10 Toy Into a $120 Wifi-Enabled Piece of Crap Online Black Friday Deals Are Just as Good as Offline Ones, Says the Wirecutter The Story of Shareware, the Original In-App Purchase The Surprising Impact the 1992 Presidential Election Had on the Modern Internet © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Gentilly Wal-Mart targeted in one of three weekend armed robberies walmart Tractor trailers sit parked outside a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. distribution center in Bentonville, Arkansas, in July 2015. (Photo by Luke Sharrett, Bloomberg) Print Email Jennifer Larino, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Jennifer Larino, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 16, 2016 at 10:28 AM, updated October 16, 2016 at 10:36 AM comments New Orleans police are investigating an armed robbery at a Wal-Mart store in Gentilly. The incident was one of three armed robberies reported in New Orleans Saturday (Oct. 15) and early Sunday. A man entered the store in the 4300 block of Chef Menteur Highway at 11:26 a.m. Saturday, walked up to the customer service desk and slid a note to the cashier demanding cash, according to a preliminary NOPD report. Police said the man told the cashier he had a gun and would shoot everyone behind the counter if the cashier did not hand over money. The cashier complied and the man walked away, fleeing in an unknown direction. No one was injured. The report did not list the amount of cash stolen. No other details were immediately available. The Gentilly Wal-Mart location was also the target of a July 2015 armed robbery. Surveillance footage police obtained from the store at the time showed an armed man dressed as a Wal-Mart employee demanded cash before fleeing in a car. In a separate incident, employees and customers were forced to evacuate the store in August 2015 as a SWAT team responded to reports of an armed gunman inside. The search ended with no reported arrests. No one was injured in the incident. NOPD is also investigating two other robberies and an aggravated burglary that happened overnight: - A 40-year-old woman was robbed at gunpoint at 10:37 p.m. Saturday while walking in the 2100 block of Lapeyrouse Street. Two unknown males approached her from behind and demanded her money before fleeing. - A group of men robbed a 29-year-old man around 12:07 a.m. Sunday near the intersection of North Rampart Street and Poland Avenue. One of the men who was armed hit the victim and demanded his car keys. The group fled in the victim's 2005 Mitsubishi Lancer. - A man and a woman, both 31 years old, were victims of burglary around 2:37 a.m. Sunday when two men entered their home in the 4600 block of Alcee Fortier Boulevard and demanded their belongings. No other details were immediately available. Anyone with information about these crimes should contact Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices

Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Elections 2016 Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Desk Life Lannie & Granny Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade C'est La Vie Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad About Us Other Opinions October 16, 2016 5:00 AM Wal-Mart parking lots epitomize decline of safe places By Bill Crawford LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Where is your safe place? Do you have one? Should you have one? These questions popped up as I read a story in The Commercial Dispatch. While the story was about universities providing emotionally safe places for students, it made me wonder about safe places for people of all ages in our communities. Once upon a time in Mississippi, local law enforcement could make whole communities feel like safe places. Growing up in Canton in the 1950s and 1960s, I felt safe at home, walking across town to elementary school, and riding my bike to the far end of town to work a night shift at the shirt factory. The only time I recall feeling unsafe was when one or more local bullies decided to whip my scrawny, well, you know. Progressing to present time, we find local law enforcement in many communities overwhelmed and unable to provide such preventive security. Perhaps nothing epitomizes the decline of safe places more than Wal-Mart parking lots. From a Bloomberg Businessweek story in August: “More than 200 violent crimes, including attempted kidnappings and multiple stabbings, shootings, and murders, have occurred at the nation’s 4,500 Wal-Marts this year, or about one a day.” From a Mississippi TV station news story: “Police have filed charges against one person involved in a shooting incident that happened at the Wal-Mart midnight Tuesday. Four possible suspects in the shooting have been detained.” As a result, more and more mothers, fearing for their safety, now scan Wal-Mart parking lots and carry pepper spray or guns to head off attacks. From a Mississippi “Community Watch” Facebook page: “White male tall skinny. Wearing work boots blue jeans and navy/black hooded jacket with it on his head. He approach (sic) me walking to my truck with (my baby) in my arms asleep. I already had my keys out. When I saw him when I walked out of Wal-Mart he was close to the grocery side entrance walking across the parking lot. I had already spotted him as suspicious while walking out. By the time I got to my truck he was literally about 10 steps from me and my baby. When I pulled my gun out he turned away and walked on by.” The Bloomberg story cited a senior police officer who can’t believe that a multibillion-dollar corporation isn’t doing more to stop crime. Instead, he said, it offloads the job to the police at taxpayers’ expense. If wealthy Wal-Mart can’t/won’t provide safe places for its shoppers, what are persistently robbed quick stops supposed to do? Or citizens facing drive-by shootings and home invasions? Most communities are too financially strapped to beef up police presence enough to keep all shopping areas and neighborhoods safe places. This is just one case where home rule would give communities options to address growing problems. Unfortunately, lawmakers in Jackson regularly spurn mayors’ requests for such flexibility. As for safe places, in more and more communities you’re on your own. Bill Crawford is a syndicated columnist from Meridian. Write to him at crawfolk@gmail.com. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Other Opinions Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:51 'It was bad': Homeowner describes her son's dog attacking two boys Pause 4:51 Sports Guys: Coast teams enter playoff mode 1:09 Stickers help keep memory of three-year-old alive 1:52 Scenes from the 48th annual Gulf Coast Marching Band Festival 0:56 Schloegel Auditor still must comply with court order 2:07 Twins draw twice the attention to sister cities 0:49 Lenny's Sub celebrates the sandwich 1:29 Nick Mullens sets Southern Miss record 0:36 Former Hancock coach led from courtroom in cuffs after sentencing 1:15 See the world from above in a World War II military plane Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Burlesque, bellydance in the spotlight in Ocean Springs 3:08 2 days ago Burlesque, bellydance in the spotlight in Ocean Springs 2:51 7 hours ago 'It was bad': Homeowner describes her son's dog attacking two boys 2:07 2 days ago Twins draw twice the attention to sister cities View more video Other Opinions Don't blame Comey for Clinton's defeat They say celebrity is fleeting, but they don’t know Trump Investment in education raises student achievement Protests don’t diminish valor of our veterans Let's shine some light on dark money Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Quick Finder Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Quick Finder More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive log in Ostaszewski: Back to the wall Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 10:11 PM Oct 15, 2016 at 10:11 PM By Lee Ostaszewski/Local Columnist Even the locker room is fighting back against Donald Trump. By now everyone has heard the video from “Access Hollywood” in which Trump brags about how he sexually assaults women by kissing and grabbing them and how he gets away with it because he’s a celebrity. He brushed the whole thing off as merely “locker room” talk. Well many sports figures, who spend a good amount of their workday in locker rooms, immediately went on social media to make it known that it’s not locker room talk. Imagine if Trump tried to deflect his awful behavior by comparing it to your work surroundings. Say you work in an office and he said it was merely “office cubicle talk.” Or you’re a florist and he passed it off as “flower shop talk.” Maybe you’re a Wal-Mart greeter and he called it “Wal-Mart greeter talk.” Here’s what that excuse would sound like, taking directly from his explanation during the debate last Sunday: "I don't think you understood what was - this was Wal-Mart greeter talk. I'm not proud of it. I apologize to my family. I apologize to the American people. Certainly I'm not proud of it. But this is Wal-Mart greeter talk." The second time Trump was asked about it, he continued to say is was “locker room” talk before veering off into a rant about defeating ISIS. How those two things connect, no one knows. For the purpose of showing how silly it all is, I substituted ISIS with Wal-Mart’s competitor Target. "Yes, I'm very embarrassed by it. I hate it. But it's Wal-Mart greeter talk, and it's one of those things. I will knock the hell out of Target. We're going to defeat Target. Target happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of Target." Assuming Trump doesn’t win this election, maybe he’ll want to retire. To keep busy perhaps he could apply for a job as a Wal-Mart greeter. Except with that video out, along with everything else he’s said, I doubt they’d hire him. WAL-MART HR MANAGER: “Don, can I call you Don? Don, I admit your resume looks quite impressive: real estate developer, former realty TV show host, one-time GOP presidential nominee. All jobs that require the same skill set that we look for in our Wal-Mart greeters. But I saw the video where you said you sexually assault women. Also, I understand you called Mexicans rapist and criminals, said POWs are not heroes because they were captured, tweeted during the middle of the night derogatory remarks regarding the weight of a former Miss Universe, thought your hard work was equivalent to the sacrifices of a Gold Star parent ... Need I continue?” TRUMP: “So when do I start?” HR: “Don, I don’t think you’re listening to me. I can’t hire someone like you to represent Wal-Mart. Greeters are the first employee customers see when entering the store. You would be the face of Wal-Mart.” TRUMP: “I’ll make Wal-Mart great again.” HR: “Wal-Mart is just fine without you. Honestly, I think it’s much better off. For one thing, I don’t think you have the temperament for the job.” TRUMP: “I have the best temperament.” HR: “A grown man tweeting angrily at people at three in the morning doesn’t sound like someone with ‘the best’ temperament.” TRUMP: “You’re the one with bad temperament. It’s the worst.” HR: “But even if you never said or did all these terrible things one fact remains: You don’t know anything about the job and don’t seem to want to learn. For instance, you seem to be under the strange impression that Wal-Mart only sells walls.” TRUMP: “They don’t? I like walls. Huge, long walls.” Lee lives in Medway. Email him at lee.online@verizon.net.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Communities Work for Us Milford Daily News Ads Find your Wicked Local town Ashland Framingham Shrewsbury Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Westborough More Communities Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston Wicked Local Site Services Subscribe E-Edition Submit Your News Find Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise With Us Contact us See us on Instagram Find us on Tumblr Market Place Classifieds Find Framingham Jobs Real Estate © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MetroWest Daily News, Framingham, MA ~ 33 New York Ave., Framingham, MA 01701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Police Scanner Local Education Business Region State news Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Pros & Colleges Sports Columnists N.E. Pro Sports Entertainment Calendar Arts Theater Travel Books Movies Music TV Guide Celebrity News Lifestyle Food Weddings/Engagements Health & Environment Home & Garden Boomers Pets Faith Family Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries Towns Ashland Framingham Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston More Contact us Calendar Submit Your News Blogs Photos Videos Readers Choice Branded Content Contests Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications

Share 32 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees Entertainment 2016-11-13 A Tribe Called Quest On SNL Entertainment 2016-11-13 Netflix ‘The Crown’ Is Portraying Prince Philip As A Bit Of A Jerk Entertainment 2016-11-13 Barack Obama And Joe Biden Are BFFs, Memes About It Have Gone Viral And They Are Phenomenal News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? News 2016-11-13 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? World 2016-11-13 World War 3 Fears Arise From Trump Threat: NATO Chief Says ‘Greatest Challenge To Security’ Of Europe If U.S. Leaves Alliance News 2016-11-13 California School Teacher Suspended After He Compares Donald Trump To Hitler Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Health 2016-11-11 Veterans Day 2016: Cancer Waging War With Battleground Survivors’ Lives Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 PlayStation4 Pro Owners Lost In The Middle Of PS4 Pro And TV Settings; Here Are Some Fixes Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Dishonored 2’ For PC Reportedly Has Problems Running — Bethesda Studios Provides Some Potential Fixes To Improve Frame Rate [Video] Gaming 2016-11-13 Ubisoft In Talks With Netflix For ‘Watch Dogs,’ ‘Assassin’s Creed,’ Or ‘Tom Clancy’ TV Series Gaming 2016-11-13 How To Build Your Ultimate Team In ‘Pokemon Sun And Moon’ BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 What is Parker Schnabel’s Net Worth And The ‘Gold Rush’ Star’s Advice For Viewers Who Want To Get Into Gold Mining ? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Internet Of Things: Is The Future Susceptible To Hacking? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Michelle Obama Breaks The Internet With LeBron James And Cleveland Cavaliers In Mannequin Challenge [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Smerconish: Would Walmart Hire Donald Trump? What About Hillary Clinton? Human Interest 32 0 0 October 15, 2016 Smerconish: Would Walmart Hire Donald Trump? What About Hillary Clinton? Scott Hough Andrew Ross Sorkin, a New York Times columnist and host with CNBC’s Squawk Box, appeared on CNN with Michael Smerconish today where they discussed Sorkin’s recent piece, “Were He Seeking Any Other Job, Trump Would Be Flagged By H.R.” “Andrew, would they hire him? Would corporate America hire a guy with all these revelations?” Michael Smerconish asked Sorkin with regard to the premise of his Times article: would Walmart hire Donald Trump? As someone who has exhibited the seemingly baffling behavior and had all the accusations levied against him as Donald Trump has, as previously reported by the Inquisitr, Sorkin had doubts that Trump would be employable with any company. “Thousands of employees have been fired or pushed out for using far less repugnant language than Mr. Trump’s words about how he gropes women,” Sorkin writes in the New York Times. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) employs 2.3 million people in 28 countries, as reported by Yahoo Finance Canada. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FYJUMBI86ns?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> Sorkin stated that the Republican candidate would probably give “any” human resources personnel with major corporations “heart palpitations.” The CNBC host and author went on to say that Trump’s actions would not be in line with what is seen as acceptable by Fortune 500 companies. He continued by listing things that are prohibited by Walmart, including “sexually explicit language; off-color jokes; remarks about a person’s body; using slurs or negative stereotyping; verbal kidding, teasing, or joking; [and] intimidating acts such as bullying or threatening.” Sorkin stated that it seemed that the Walmart list of prohibited actions was made specifically for Donald Trump, a point that did not seem lost on Michael Smerconish. Donald J. Trump, Republican presidential nominee. [Image by Sarah Rice/Getty Images] The host and the guest then agreed that executives, or any employees, exhibiting such wide-ranging questionable behavior would pose a “liability” concern, opening up litigation considerations most corporations would rather not deal with. Sorkin described a hypothetical company hiring Trump being left open to legal action if he subsequently acted inappropriately, particularly in light of what is now publicly known about him. Smerconish asked Sorkin if Trump should be given any “slack” because he was in the entertainment industry; making comparisons to “west coast” writers’ room litigation. The host may be referring to a 2006 ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court that, among other things, “trash talk” was part of the creative process, as reported by Gawker. The judges reportedly ruled that profanity-laced discussions among writers did not equate to attacks on an assistant. Sorkin replied that he felt that this was “a very different situation” and that recent revelations reveal an “unfortunate” side of Donald Trump. Protesters at Trump Tower in Manhattan in July. [Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] When asked if he felt that Trump’s personal brand might be “done,” as suggested by Mark Cuban on Twitter, Andrew Sorkin stated a belief that some people may avoid Trump hotels and properties in the future, but that if his companies continue to offer competitive services, most people would continue to patronize them. Sorkin called Donald Trump’s travel properties “great hotels.” The CNBC host stated that after he published his NYT piece, he was contacted by “several” CEOs who said they would not employ Democratic nominee and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton either, citing concerns over her private email server. Hillary Clinton has previously served as a member of Walmart’s Board of Directors. Every single @realDonaldTrump hotel and golf course is toast. Done. Over. Bernie Madoff now has a better brand. — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) October 8, 2016 Donald Trump's actions have made any Trump emp who doesn't quit immediately, toxic and unemployable by anyone else. Expect a mass exodus. — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) October 8, 2016 In July, Trump Tower in Manhattan was the scene of protesters calling for Walmart to stop its financial support of the Republican National Convention, as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC), United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE: UPS), and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) were reported to do, as reported by the Daily Mail. At the time, a Walmart spokesperson stated that the company was donating $15,000 to each party and that it was up to voters to decide. “The company is not taking a position on the election,” Greg Hitt, with Walmart, was quoted by the Mail. [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Japan’s Oldest Male Heir To Throne Dies, Only Four Remain Now Read This: How About Some Good News? Here Are Some Positive Stories Happening Right Now To Get You Through The Post-Election Uncertainty Share 32 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Scott Hough Tags: Donald Trumo, Michael Smerconish, walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES Meijer Black Friday 2016 Ad: Do Tech Sales Deals Rival Best Buy, Target, And Walmart? President-Elect Donald J. Trump – The Culmination Of Internet Trolling? ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Shows Amy Doesn’t Always Want To Get Physical With Sheldon Paul McCartney Celebrates Abbey Road Studios’ 85th Birthday Asra Nomani, A Muslim Woman, Had Two Reasons To Dump Trump, But She Didn’t: Here’s Why ‘Grimm’ Season 6 Series Finale Spoilers Veteran Deputy, 20 Years, Shot Down In ‘Direct Execution’ By This Man Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? PlayStation4 Pro Owners Lost In The Middle Of PS4 Pro And TV Settings; Here Are Some Fixes New Report Warns Of Serious Risk For Babies Left In Car Seats Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 224.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 44.4k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 76.7k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 21.9k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 19.5k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15k 0 0 The Legal Electoral College Map Scenario That Could Still Make Hillary Clinton President In 2016 8.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines If Alien Life Does Exist, What Does ET Look Like? 5 0 0 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees 3 0 0 California School Teacher Suspended After He Compares Donald Trump To Hitler 0 0 0 New ‘Supergirl’ Episode Spoilers: How Will Kara Feel About Alex Coming Out In This Week’s Episode Of ‘Supergirl’? 0 0 0 Mark McKinney Of ‘Superstore’ Says Glenn Is About ‘Forcing Optimism Into Things’ 0 0 0 ‘Jurassic World 2’ Is A Sequel To ‘Jurassic World’ And Works As ‘Jurassic Park 5’ Too 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Past Issues Contact Us Newsstand Locations Printable Wedding Form Mobile Tablet Subscribe Columbia's locally owned weekly newspaper since 1963 Front Page Commentary On Second Thought Government Business Education Society Sports Arts & Entertainment Events Travel Home & Garden Pets Browse Archives Shopping Page Advertiser Index General Services Entertainment Public Notices Classifieds Display Classifieds Classified Ad Policy 2016-10-14 / Commentary Tweet Print Tiny Electric Chainsaw Massacre 40–Something Mike Maddock mikem@thecolumbiastar.com After Hurricane Matthew cruised by, I got a call from my mother asking for help to remove a “branch” from her driveway. I jumped at the chance to use my electric chainsaw even though I was pretty sure the electric knife my granddad used to carve the Thanksgiving turkey back in the day was more powerful. Why do I have an electric chainsaw? Because my garage is a graveyard of gas chainsaws I can no longer crank. Instead of blowing another couple of hundred bucks on a onetime deal, I got the cheapest electric chainsaw I could find at Walmart. This was my chance to see if I could rip through a branch with it. The problem was when I arrived at my mom’s house in Melrose Heights, I found her powers of underestimation were immense. This was no “branch.” It wasn’t exactly a Sequoia either, but for my tiny little chainsaw it might as well have been. This tree was uprooted and lying across my mom’s driveway. It was not completely on the ground due to a couple of trees and their branches propping it up. I thought if I could cut it near the trunk the rest of it would come crashing to the ground, and I could attempt to go to work with my tiny chainsaw. To my astonishment, it worked, but instead of crashing to the ground in sync with my manliest of “TIIIIMMMBBBEEERRR!” yells, the tree just hung there like a Christmas decoration. Turns out vines were holding it up. After witnessing this, I’m convinced we could rebuild the Cooper River bridge with South Carolina vines. These things have the tensile strength of the steel used to construct the Freedom Tower. Tarzan would be fortunate to swing from such vines. Well, I was completely unprepared to deal with a “floating” log and “super” vines, so I slinked back to my mom with my tail between my legs and confessed I was not the man for this job. I could immediately see the disappointment in her face. Not only was she going to have to pay someone, but she’d raised a tender-handed office boy. I drove home feeling a little ashamed but sure I had done all I could with the tools God and Walmart had given me. I hoped I would get another chance to reclaim my manliness. Little did I know that chance would come the very next day. My mom called once more and said the floating log had somehow broken away from the grasp of the super vines and was now safely lying in the driveway. I rushed back to the scene of the crime where I once again tried to wrap my head around the fact my mom called this thing a “branch.” Then my tiny electric Walmart chainsaw and I went to work. We were a blur of leaves, twigs, logs, sawdust, arms, legs, and extension cords. I was the Tasmanian Devil of Shandon tearing through that mass of oak. OK, maybe I’m exaggerating a bit. It was more like I sawed for a second or two then stopped to fix the chain (Ironically, it was those pesky vines that popped it off its tracks instead of the thick branches). Saw. Stop. Fix. Repeat. By the time I got that thing cut up enough to drag away, I felt more like a repairman than a lumberjack, but I did get it removed. My mother’s driveway and my manlinesss were restored. I was no tender-handed office boy. The blisters on my palms were proof. So what if I had to coat the blisters in Neosporin and cover them with Mickey Mouse Bandaids...I am a manly man. Return to top Tweets by @TheColumbiaStar To advertise with us call 803-771-0219 or email GailT@TheColumbiaStar.com. For legal advertising call Pam Clark at 803-771-0219 or email her at PamC@TheColumbiaStar.com. Copyright ©2004-2016 Columbia Star, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close NYT Do you see a different Wal-Mart? What raising paychecks taught the retail giant Filed under Retail at Oct 17 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Neil Irwin, The New York Times Connect with Neil Irwin Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now A couple of years ago, Wal-Mart, which once built its entire branding around a big yellow smiley face, was creating more than its share of frowns. Shoppers were fed up. They complained of dirty bathrooms, empty shelves, endless checkout lines and impossible-to-find employees. Only 16 percent of stores were meeting the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company's customer service goals. The dissatisfaction showed up where it counts. Sales at stores open at least a year fell for five straight quarters; the company's revenue fell for the first time in Wal-Mart's 45-year run as a public company in 2015 (currency fluctuations were a big factor, too). To fix it, executives came up with what, for Wal-Mart, counted as a revolutionary idea. This is, after all, a company famous for squeezing pennies so successfully that labor groups accuse it of depressing wages across the U.S. economy. As an efficient, multinational selling machine, the company had a reputation for treating employee pay as a cost to be minimized. But in early 2015, Wal-Mart announced it would actually pay its workers more. That set in motion the biggest test imaginable of a basic argument that has consumed ivory-tower economists, union-hall organizers and corporate executives for years on end: What if paying workers more, training them better and offering better opportunities for advancement can actually make a company more profitable, rather than less? Amazon's holiday staffing plan: Hire 120,000 seasonal workers It is an idea that flies in the face of the prevailing ethos on Wall Street and in many executive suites the last few decades. But there is sound economic theory behind the idea. "Efficiency wages" is the term that economists -- who excel at giving complex names to obvious ideas -- use for the notion that employers who pay workers more than the going rate will get more loyal, harder-working, more productive employees in return. Wal-Mart's experiment holds some surprising lessons for the U.S. economy as a whole. Productivity gains have been slow for years; could fatter paychecks reverse that? Demand for goods and services has remained stubbornly low ever since the 2008 economic crisis. If companies paid people more, would it bring out more shoppers -- benefiting workers and shareholders alike? Deep in a warren of windowless offices here, the home office, in corporate-speak, executives in early 2015 sketched out a plan to spend more money on increased wages and training, and offer more predictable scheduling. They refer to this plan as "the investments." The results are promising. By early 2016, the proportion of stores hitting their targeted customer-service ratings had rebounded to 75 percent. Sales are rising again. That said, the immediate impact on earnings and the company's stock price have been less rosy. The question for Wal-Mart is ultimately whether the short-run hit from these make the company a stronger competitor in the long-run. Will the investments turn out to be the beginning of a change in how Wal-Mart and other giant companies think about their workers, or just a one-off experiment to be reversed when the next recession rolls around? The future of the U.S. economy, and well-being of its workers, may well depend on the answer. Wal-Mart is the largest employer in Texas, with 166,131 employees working in 564 stores, according to 247wallst.com. A Walmart Academy student straightens products at the Walmart in Fayetteville, Ark. (Melissa Lukenbaugh/The New York Times) Pressure From Investors On the morning of Feb. 19, 2015, Wal-Mart's 1.2 million employees across the United States gathered -- many in front of their stores' vast walls of televisions for sale -- to watch a video feed by their chief executive. Doug McMillon, wearing a sweater and sitting in the office once occupied by the company founder Sam Walton, more or less acknowledged that Wal-Mart had made a mistake. It had gone too far in trying to cut payroll costs to the bone. "Sometimes we don't get it all right," McMillon said in the video. "Sometimes we make policy changes or other decisions and they don't result in what we thought they were going to. And when we don't get it right, we adjust." What most store employees probably didn't know was that McMillon and his executive team, who had been promoted into their jobs a year earlier, were under extraordinary pressure from investors. They needed to reverse a slide in business and fight off threats in all directions -- dollar discounters on the low end, Amazon online, direct competitors like Target and countless rivals specializing in one slice of Wal-Mart's business, from grocery chains to home-improvement warehouses. People were shopping more -- at Wal-Mart's rivals. Jeans, toys, electronics: What to skip and what to buy in October The company offers its millions of shoppers a simple way to make their dissatisfaction known. On the back of sales receipts is a message, "Tell us about your visit today," along with instructions to log on to a website and answer questions about the store: Was it clean? Were they able to get what they came for quickly? Were employees friendly? In early 2015, the answers that poured into Wal-Mart's global headquarters were, in a word, awful. The people paid to analyze the company tended to agree, too. A report by analysts at Wolfe Research in 2014 included photographs from a visit to Wal-Mart of a sad-looking display of nearly empty bins of oranges and lemons and disorganized shelves of crackers. "Walmart U.S.'s relentless focus on costs does seem to have taken some toll on in-store conditions and stock levels," they wrote. The analysts wryly added: "If an item is not on the shelf, you cannot sell it." The company had been busy raising profits by cutting labor costs. The number of employees in the United States fell by 7 percent from early 2008 to early 2013, for example, a span in which the square footage of stores rose 13 percent. Some of that reflects technological advances, like self-checkout kiosks. But when McMillon and a new team came in to reverse the slide starting in early 2014, they diagnosed the problem as having taken the cost-cutting logic too far. From store managers nationwide, they heard that years of cost-cutting meant Wal-Mart had become viewed as a last-ditch option for employment -- not the place that ambitious people might want to work. They were under such pressure to keep labor costs low that the employees they hired showed little loyalty or career-building devotion to their jobs. "We realized quickly that wages are only one part of it, that what also matters are the schedules we give people, the hours that they work, the training we give them, the opportunities you provide them," said Judith McKenna, who became chief operating officer in late 2014, in a recent interview. "What you've got to do is not just fix one part, but get all of these things moving together." That is how Wal-Mart decided to build 200 training centers to offer a clearer path for hourly employees who want to get on the higher-paying management track. And it said it would raise its hourly pay to a minimum of $10 for workers who complete a training course and raise department manager pay to $15 an hour, from $12. It said it would offer more flexible and predictable schedules to hourly workers. The news from Bentonville made headlines worldwide. The federal minimum wage had been $7.25 since 2009, and the labor market had awarded meager pay gains for people at the lower end of the spectrum for decades -- facts that helped increase Wal-Mart's bottom line. Now, the United States' largest private employer was signaling it was about to gingerly try a different approach -- and put $2.7 billion where its mouth was. Wal-Mart says its average pay for a full-time nonmanagerial employee is now $13.69 an hour, up 16 percent since early 2014. In the same span, consumer prices have risen 2.1 percent. A Walmart associate inspects the placement of threads in the sewing department in Fayetteville, Ark. (Melissa Lukenbaugh/The New York Times) Back to the Classroom On a Thursday morning in late summer, at a Wal-Mart Supercenter No. 359 in Fayetteville, Wal-Mart trainees followed instructors around to learn what this particular store was doing right, and wrong, on this particular day. Teresa Rasberry praised a display of University of Arkansas tailgating equipment -- coolers, grills and folding chairs -- complemented by a fluttering effect created by putting electric fans beneath overhead banners for Razorbacks football. "See how it pulls the eye?" she asked the trainees. "Step back and think about how the customer sees it." Not so good was an end display of Mr. Clean, in which the various colors of the cleaning solution were jumbled together. Lining up the bottles so they make vertical stripes of color pulls more buyers in, she said. "It may sound silly," Rasberry said, "but it works! I've tested it myself!" Back in a classroom, Wal-Mart department managers discussed why a $15.86 bottle of Clairol hair coloring might be a bad fit for a store located in a place with an $80,000 average income. Women in that income bracket are more likely to get their hair colored at a salon, an instructor, Amanda Forslund, explained. This is one of the first of Wal-Mart's planned 200 training academies. New department managers will come in for two weeks of training covering general retail principles (customer service, inventory management) as well as specialized training for their specific area (the bakery or electronics, for example). Wal-Mart's pay increases got most of the attention. But the new training and prospect of better career paths for hourly staff members could be more significant in the long term. Wal-Mart touts employee bonuses — how do they compare to what the Waltons get? It's not that the retail industry doesn't offer potential paths to good incomes. Starting pay for an assistant store manager at Wal-Mart is $48,500, and the manager of one of its large stores can make comfortably above $100,000. The problem -- described by Wal-Mart managers and people outside the company who study labor markets -- is that there is no clear path for an entry-level worker to get there. Much training is impromptu, and chains have tended to view their hourly workers as interchangeable cogs rather than resources worth investing in. That reputation has been particularly strong at Wal-Mart. "I didn't used to think this would be something I would want to do, to work at Wal-Mart," said Garrett Watts, a 22-year-old newly promoted customer service manager at a store in Fayetteville. "There's a stigma with it. It used to be, if you worked at a Wal-Mart, it was the equivalent of a fast-food restaurant." He had gone to college for two years, suspended his education and was working as a desk clerk at a hotel when he switched to Wal-Mart this year, lured not by the starting wage but by what he had heard from a friend about the potential to rise within a giant company. He was soon promoted to department manager and runs customer services for the store. He was hired at $9 an hour and now makes $13. "I wanted something that wasn't a stopgap, but could be a real career," Watts said. He is starting to set his sights on one of those $48,000-a-year assistant store manager jobs. In 2014, demonstrators marched toward the Park Avenue home of Alice Walton, a Walmart heir, to protest low wages and poor conditions in the service economy. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times)  'Step in the Right Direction' Wal-Mart's announcement of what it refers to as "the investments" became something of a Rorschach test. To macroeconomists, it suggested that a falling unemployment rate was finally creating the response that theory suggests it should: employers raising wages to attract the workers they need. To labor activists, it was a sign that political campaigns to raise the minimum wage were paying off. To Wall Street analysts, it was the company owning up to the weaknesses long apparent in customer surveys and sales numbers. And in the company's own framing, it was about doing the right thing. "It's clear to me that one of the highest priorities today must be an investment in you, our associates," McMillon said in the video. It was all of these things, McKenna acknowledged. The improving economy made it harder for Wal-Mart to get good workers without paying more. Political momentum toward a higher minimum wage meant that entry-level pay would soon be rising in many places anyway. And executives really had concluded that customer service woes and slumping sales were because of underinvestment in employees. J.C. Penney plans to hire for the holidays like it's, umm, Christmas To some critics, though, it still amounted to a half-measure, and one framed to maximize public attention. "In our minds this is certainly a step in the right direction, but it's typical Wal-Mart in that it's minimal and there's a lot of spin on top of what's really happening," said Daniel Schlademan, a founder of the labor group OUR Walmart, which advocates the company have a starting wage of $15 an hour. In particular, new hires typically do not receive the $10 minimum wage until they finish a training program that is supposed to take six months but frequently stretches longer. And a promised increase in the predictability and flexibility of hourly workers' schedule is being tested in only 650 smaller "neighborhood market" stores. It has not been rolled out to the full 4,500 Wal-Marts. "The economic reality is that they put a great deal of pressure on managers to keep labor costs and hours down," Schlademan said. And the actions fall well short of what Zeynep Ton, an associate professor of operations at the Sloan School of Business at MIT, calls a "good jobs strategy," in which a retailer builds its entire operating philosophy around better-compensated staff members who are empowered to make decisions. Companies like Costco and the grocer Wegman's have a base pay closer to that of what the retail activists seek and are successful by many measures. (Costco pays entry-level workers at least $13 an hour, with hourly pay reaching up to $22.50). But while Wal-Mart's changes aren't as extensive as advocates would prefer, the company has shifted, in relative terms, up the industry's pay scale. In early 2014, Wal-Mart's self-reported average full-time pay was 3.7 percent higher than the average hourly earnings for nonmanagerial workers at general merchandise stores calculated by the Labor Department. Now, it is 13.7 percent higher. "It's about being competitive in the market and making sure the talent pool of applicants was the right talent pool," McKenna said. That sounds an awful lot like a reference to the concept of an "efficiency wage." Customer Service Manager Garrett Watts at the Walmart in Fayetteville, Ark. (Melissa Lukenbaugh/The New York Times) Above the Market Rate The idea is that, sometimes, it is in an employer's best interest to pay more than necessary to get a worker into a job. The 18th-century economic thinker Adam Smith described the need to pay a goldsmith particularly well to dissuade him from stealing from you. More recently, economists (including Janet Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, who worked on these topics as an academic economist in the 1980s) have found evidence that people are more productive when they are paid above the market rate. An employee making more than the market rate, after all, is likely to work harder and show greater loyalty. Workers who see opportunities to get promoted have an incentive not to mess up, compared with people who feel they are in a dead-end job. A person has more incentive to work hard, even when the boss isn't watching, when the job pays better than what you could make down the street. Economists have found evidence of this in practice in many real-world settings. Higher pay at New Jersey police departments, for example, led to better rates of clearing cases. At the San Francisco airport, higher pay led to shorter lines for passengers. Among British home care providers, higher pay meant less oversight was needed. Asian population growth brings new specialty retail center to Frisco What is interesting about this is that, if you look at what's ailing the broader U.S. economy, it looks a lot like what you would expect if employers were, en masse, failing to understand the possibility of efficiency wages. Employers have succeeded at holding down labor costs. The "labor share" of national income -- the portion of the national economic pie that goes to workers' pay, as opposed to corporate profits and elsewhere -- has fallen. And average pay for nonmanagerial workers has grown more slowly than the overall economy. This has coincided with disappointing results for the economy. Worker productivity has been rising slowly for the last decade, and prime working-age Americans are staying out of the work force in droves. This implies that plenty of people don't see jobs out there that offer sufficient pay or opportunity to make the jobs worth doing. Individually, employers may think they are making rational decisions to pay people as little as possible. But that may be collectively shortsighted, if the unintended result is less demand for the goods and services they are all trying to sell to these same people. Just maybe, in other words, employers across the country are pushing down labor costs like Wal-Mart, circa 2014 -- and this is one of the major culprits behind disappointing economic results since the start of the 21st century. "The management philosophy that became popular in the 1980s that led companies to cut pay for low-wage workers, fight unions and contract out work may have been profitable for the companies that practiced it in the short run," said Alan Krueger, a Princeton economist and leading scholar of labor markets. "But in the long run it has raised inequality, reduced aggregate consumption and hurt overall business profitability." Wes Stevenson, a Walmart Academy student, climbs a ladder to perfect the cereal display in Fayetteville, Ark. (Melissa Lukenbaugh/The New York Times) Customer Surveys Improve If you buy that theory -- and, to be clear, it is more theory than settled fact -- it means that the results of the Wal-Mart experiment matter a great deal. That implies that if large companies were to spend more to pay and train their workers, it could create gains for the economy as a whole. And it would ultimately be better for those same businesses. So, 19 months in, what is Wal-Mart finding? Those customer surveys that were so terrible at the start of 2015 have improved, with "clean, fast, friendly scores" rising for 90 consecutive weeks. Surveys by outside groups, like the investment banker Cowen & Co., point to more satisfied customers as well. That seems to have done the trick in reversing the sales slump. At stores open at least a year, sales were up 1.6 percent over a year earlier in the most recent quarter. That's better than it sounds. Overall sales at general merchandise retailers are down 0.4 percent this year compared with last, according to census data. The profit landscape is less sunny. Operating income for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores was down 6 percent in the most recent quarter, reflecting higher labor costs and other new investments. The company's stock has underperformed the overall U.S. stock market and an index of major retailers since the program was announced, suggesting investors are not convinced that these investments will pay a lucrative return anytime soon. But at the store level, managers describe a big shift in the kind of workers they can bring in by offering $10 an hour with a solid path to $15 an hour. "We're attracting a different type of associate," said Tina Budnaitis, the manager of Wal-Mart No. 5260 in Rogers. "We get more people coming in who want a career instead of a job." It's not the time for business groups to delay U.S.' new overtime labor rules Senior executives speak in the language you might expect from a manager worried about paying an efficiency wage. "Our associates are an asset," said McKenna, the chief operating officer. "You don't try to have the very lowest cost of an asset. You try to have the right asset. So rather than thinking about the lowest cost, the question is how do you get the best productivity." The question for Wal-Mart, and perhaps the economy as a whole, is whether these changes turn out to be one-off, or part of a shifting philosophy of how work and compensation should work in a 21st-century megacorporation. "Out of the gate, they've seen some improvement, but I think that's because they were doing Retail 101 so poorly," said Brian Yarbrough, a retail analyst at Edward Jones & Co. "The better question is what happens next year and the following year. The low-hanging fruit has been harvested." McKenna declined to be specific about what might come next. And of course in a volatile corporate world, an unexpected recession or management change, or rise of a new competitor, could upend any plans. But she suggests that the company's changes should not be viewed as a one-time event. "This is a journey," she said. In the short term, the Wal-Mart experiment shows pretty clearly that paying people better improves both the workforce and the shoppers' experience, but not profitability, at least not yet. Still, here is one other nugget the company has found. The extra wages it is paying its workers don't all go out the door on payday, executives said. Spending at the stores by employees has risen -- offering a possible metaphor for what those efficiency-wage economists argue might happen across the economy, if wages were to climb. View Comments Tags Retail Business Jobs Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Man who robbed Wal-Mart on Saturday threatened to 'shoot everyone,' NOPD says Walmart holdup.jpg New Orleans police are seeking a suspect, pictured here, who is accused of robbing Walmart on Chef Menteur Highway Saturday, Oct. 15, 2016. (Courtesy of NOPD) Print Email Emily Lane, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Emily Lane, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 17, 2016 at 1:59 PM, updated October 17, 2016 at 2:59 PM comments New Orleans police are looking for a suspect police say robbed a Wal-Mart in New Orleans East on Saturday (Oct. 15) by telling a cashier he had a gun and would "shoot everyone" behind the counter unless she filled a bag with cash for him.  Police say the armed robbery happened around 11:15 a.m. at the customer service desk at the Walmart location at 4301 Chef Menteur Highway. The suspect got away with money the cashier placed in the bag to meet his demand.  A photo police released Monday shows the suspect as a man wearing a long-sleeve white shirt, an orange Texas Longhorns baseball cap, purple bag across his chest and a red towel around his neck.  follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research GoPro Hero 5: Taking a Stand or a Stunt? Distribution has been unusually inconsistent. Is GoPro playing catch-up on shipments or is shelf space shrinking? Oct. 17, 2016 8:01 a.m. ET GoPro (GPRO: Nasdaq) By Pacific Crest Securities ($13.84, Oct. 13, 2016) The Hero 5 launch is a bit of a head-scratcher. Our checks over the past 11 days since GoPro’s (ticker: GPRO) Hero 5 products launched have shown unusually inconsistent distribution, with Best Buy (BBY) being the only retailer we spoke to having had steady stock. In... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Trump Victory Sparks a Sharp Rally. What’s Next? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Gundlach: Bond Yields Could Hit 6% in Five Years Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump Win Creates Winners, Losers Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Millennials and Trump: This Was No Brexit Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Panera, Whole Foods, Yes; Chipotle, Kroger, No Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Australia's Pearl Industry Struggles to Shine 2 Barron's Buzz: Trump: Where to Invest Now 3 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Disney and More Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Our endorsements for ANC in Ward 7 by Endorsements   •   October 17, 2016 DC's Ward 7 covers the northern half of neighborhoods east of the Anacostia River, plus a few adjacent sections on its western shore. This election, Ward 7 has one of the highest numbers of contested seats for Advisory Neighborhood Commissioners in all of DC, a testament to these engaged citizens grappling with the changes in our city. Here are our recommendations for nine of these competitive races. Map created with Mapbox, data from OpenStreetMap. 7B01 - Debra Walker 7B05 - Villareal "VJ" Johnson 7B07 - Jimmie Williams 7C05 - Joseph C. Thomas   7D01 - Bob Coomber 7D04 - Cinque E. Culver 7E04 - Myron Smith 7E06 - Dontrell A. Smith 7F01 - Maria (Mafe) Jackson What are ANCs, and why should I care? Advisory Neighborhood Commissions, or ANCs, are neighborhood councils of unpaid, elected representatives who meet monthly and weigh in with the government about important issues to the community. ANCs are very important on housing and transportation. An ANC's opposition to new housing, retail, a bike lane, bus improvements, etc. can stymie or significantly delay valuable projects. On the other hand, proactive and positive-thinking ANCs give the government suggestions for ways to improve the neighborhood and rally resident support. Each ANC is divided into a number of Single Member Districts (SMDs), averaging about 2,000 voters. Races often hinge on a small handful of votes; Your vote—every vote—really counts. Not sure which SMD you live in? Find out here. Here are our endorsements After reviewing the candidate responses from each competitive race in Ward 7, we chose nine candidates to endorse. You can read their positions for yourself here, along with responses from many unopposed candidates. Pennsylvania Avenue, heading southeast. Photo by Tim Evanson on Flickr. In ANC 7B we endorse Debra Walker, Villareal "VJ" Johnson, and Jimmie Williams ANC 7B follows Pennsylvania Avenue from the bridge crossing the Anacostia River to the Maryland border, encompassing the Penn Branch area south of Fort Dupont Park and north of Naylor Road. The Penn Branch Shopping Center is an important area of focus in this area, as its redevelopment has been stalled for years, and just this summer it was auctioned off to a new owner. Residents also have their eye on the Skyland Town Center, a neighborhood area where shops and housing were razed to make room for redevelopment, but that still sits vacant after the recent withdrawal of Walmart as an anchor store. Many Ward 7 citizens felt strongly that the District government botched this and the nearby Capitol Gateway deal, leaving the neighborhoods with with a large patches of dirt where retail, investment, housing, and jobs should be. In the district between the Anacostia River and Minnesota Avenue, 7B01, we're endorsing Debra Walker. While not providing the most detailed answers, Debra seemed in step with many of Greater Greater Washington's values, including a focus on multiple levels of housing affordability and neighborhood investment and growth. In contrast, her opponent, Patricia Howard-Chittams, thinks that "more housing would be a detriment to 7B01," and seemed overly protective of parking when asked about bicycle lanes and improving bus infrastructure. Farther south near the Maryland border in 7B05, we were impressed by Villareal "VJ" Johnson. In general, it is clear that VJ knows his community well and has a detailed vision and plan for how to make it better. He had well thought-out answers for the different redevelopment sites in the area, and suggested a specific site for the development of more housing. VJ's energy and experience are exciting to us, and we look forward to his example of what a pro-active, not a reactive, commissioner can do in a changing neighborhood. 7B07 is at the northeastern edge of the ANC, bordering Fort Dupont Park. Jimmie Williams is an impressive candidate here. He wants to see his neighborhood "experience measured and sustainable growth" and details his support of mixed use plans at both Skyland Town Center and Penn Branch Shopping Center. According to him, the area "is changing and the newer residents are younger with various incomes," are "diverse... [and] don't want to drive to shop," signaling the need to improve alternative transportation options, including bike lanes. Even though he is "aware that there are some in [his] area that view the lanes as a omen of gentrification," he views them as "healthy and viable transportation alternative[s]." We like the sensitivity VJ brings in his approach to growth and development, and we think he will do well. The streetcar on Benning Road. Photo by BeyondDC on Flickr. In ANC 7C, we endorse Joseph Thomas The right-hand corner of the DC diamond is much of ANC 7C, including neighborhoods like Deanwood, Burrville, and others north of East Capitol Street on it's way towards Maryland. What the future holds for Capitol Gateway, the other large redevelopment site abandoned by Walmart, is on the minds of many here, as well as what changes the coming streetcar development along Benning Road will bring. One candidate stood out to us in this ANC: Joseph Thomas for 7C05. He believes the streetcar will "connect [the neighborhood] to greater economic growth," and wants more retail options to be developed at Capital Gateway, especially dining options for families. Joseph projects humility, but has good ideas for how to incorporate new housing into the neighborhood, and talks about tackling crime through increasing job opportunities and community outreach rather than more punitive enforcement. RFK stadium. Photo by Katja Schulz on Flickr. In ANC 7D, we endorse Bob Coomber and Cinque Culver Just north and west of 7C lies 7D, a district that includes large stretches of river water and park space. Kenilworth, Parkside, Kingman Park and River Terrace are some of the main neighborhoods within this district, which is bordered by East Capitol Street on the south and the Anacostia River on the west. Besides the extension of the streetcar on Benning Road, the major issue facing residents here are the plans for how to redevelop RFK stadium and the surrounding parking lots and parkland. 7D01 stretches west across the Anacostia into Kingman Park, and for this district we really like incumbent Bob Coomber. At RFK, he sees an opportunity to replace parking lots with new parks and trails (even housing if rules can allow), and wants to work with planners to "encourage neighborhood amenities before professional sports stadiums." His record includes improved pedestrian infrastructure along Oklahoma Avenue, and he has plans for more bike and pedestrian friendly changes. As a commissioner, Bob also has: Helped establish a community garden Fought against evictions in his neighborhood Actively supported family-leave legislation before the DC CouncilKeep up the good work, Bob. Immediately east of the river is 7D04 and the River Terrace community. In this district, Cinque Culver seems like a good candidate. He is supportive of an NFL Stadium at RFK, but wants to make sure that the stadium acts "as an economic multiplier, employing additional residents of all tax-brackets, as well as incentivizing... streetscape and public space maintenance around the site." He is also supportive of developing more housing in the neighborhood and of using the streetcar plans as opportunity to improve bike transit along Benning Road, and he seems generally open and balanced in his views. Photo by jantos on Flickr. In ANC 7E, we endorse Myron Smith and Dontrell Smith ANC 7E is another area directly bordering the stalled Capitol Gateway project. Hugging the Maryland border south of the eastern-most tip of DC, 7E includes neighborhoods like Marshall Heights and Dupont Park. Here Myron Smith is our pick for ANC 7E04. He wants to increase the development of more housing near the two metro stations in the ANC, and is adamant about improving access across the river, especially for pedestrians and bikes. We're also endorsing Dontrell Smith, who is in a three-person race for 7E06, which is along the northeastern edge of the ANC. He plans to advocate for more and more affordable housing, in particular at the Capitol Gateway site. He is supportive of bike lanes along Minnesota Avenue and Benning Road, as well as other trail and lighting improvements throughout the area. One of Dontrell's opponents, Lakeshia Lloyd-Lee, also completed our questionnaire, but her answers were vague and non-committal. To be honest, what most impressed us in this race were Dontrell's notable efforts to catch our attention. He organized over 20 of his supporters to write in favorable remarks on our feedback form, and while we did not use those scores to determine our endorsement, the effort demonstrated the breadth of the candidate's neighborhood support, his organization, and his willingness to engage with the Greater Greater Washington community. Famous Shrimp Boat near Benning Road Metro. Photo by David Gaines on Flickr. In ANC 7F, we endorse Maria (Mafe) Jackson Sandwiched in between all of these other ANCs lies 7F. An portion stretches across the river to the RFK site, while the majority of the ANC surrounds the intersections of Minnesota Avenue and East Capitol Street, and is bordered by Benning Road on the north. 7F01 is a hotly contested race between four candidates, all of which completed our questionnaire. Of the four, Maria (Mafe) Jackson is as our top choice. Maria's answers to our questionnaire showed an in depth understanding of the issues and revealed a stand-out intellect. Her analysis of the current proposals at RFK was thorough, and included a proposal to look at adding an Oklahoma Avenue Metro station, as well as dramatic improvements to pedestrian and bike infrastructure across the Whitney Young Houston Bridge. She also is an advocate of extending the streetcar even farther towards Southern Avenue to improve transit options for that part of the city. She gave detailed plans for improving access across the ANC. Residents who live east of the Anacostia, she says "are locked in their community because of the poorly-designed existing bridges. The current design of the roads fails to provide safe access to the rest of the city for residents, families, and seniors. Beautiful parks surround this area, but they are not easily or safely accessible to residents by walk or bike." Maria was also solid on housing. She proposed building more housing at a nearby shopping center and vacant lots, and was strongly for home ownership support programs and education. "Advocating for these opportunities for our residents is what revitalization of my neighborhood looks like to me," she said. Many readers agreed that Maria would make an excellent commissioner, writing in our survey that she seemed "energetic, positive, responsible, and qualified." Two of Maria's opponents, Gia Stancell and Tyrell Holcomb, seemed reasonable but did not measure up to Maria's strengths. David Belt, the fourth candidate, responded negatively to many our questions about increased development and transit. Maria is the clear choice here. Want to read the responses of all of the Ward 7 ANC candidates who responded to our questionnaire and judge for yourself? Check out the full PDF for Ward 7. You can also see responses and our endorsements for all 8 wards on our 2016 ANC Endorsements Page, and we'll publish our rationale for those in upcoming posts. These are official endorsements of Greater Greater Washington. To determine this year's endorsements, we sent a reader-generated candidate questionnaire to all ANC candidates. We then published candidate responses and collected feedback. Staff evaluated all candidate responses and feedback for contested races and presented endorsements to our volunteer editorial board, which then made the final decision. 8 comments Comments Add a comment » Hey all, I have a couple of questions: 1) what's with the 7D01 outline? looks like they have almost no people, and tons of park. That seems...well... useless. why would they include mostly parkland and so few residential streets? 2) how do the boundaries get decided? they are all shapes and sizes. Thanks! by Transit User on Oct 17, 2016 11:56 am You obviously</> don't know 7B05 or Villareal. Bad choice. The seat would be better left vacant! by Ward 7 Voter on Oct 17, 2016 12:21 pm @Transit User 7D01 comprises the Kingman Park neighborhood, which you can see in the top left hand corner of the SMD. It does contain a lot of parkland because of RFK Stadium as well as Kingman & Heritage Islands. I suppose they have to be included somewhere in the off chance that someone were to develop those sites in between the decennial redistricting. by RBAP on Oct 17, 2016 12:29 pm Did you mean to include the "NEED IMAGE" after the paragraph regarding "Cinque Cilver"? If not, maybe a photo of the stadium? by Charity on Oct 17, 2016 12:31 pm @Charity, thanks for pointing that out! Leaving it in was an error. -Jonathan by Jonathan Neeley on Oct 17, 2016 12:41 pm Thanks for the endorsement for 7B07! I think you might have a typo in the last paragraph. "We like the sensitivity VJ brings in his approach to growth and development, and we think he will do well." I think you intended to type "We like the sensitivity JW brings in his approach to growth and development." by Jimmie Williams on Oct 17, 2016 1:30 pm @RBAP, You're correct, the Kingman Park neighborhood is what would account for the 2,000 residents in that district. But in addition to being important for sorting the residential population, the boundaries are also important for determining which ANC is given primacy in weighing in on any type of proposal or service change involving the area -- not just development proposals. When Kingman Island was in Ward 6, for instance, there was a proposal to turn it into a children's theme park. There was even a lease signed to do exactly that, under the fourth Barry administration. One of the biggest reasons that the plan was scuttled and the island left in its natural state was the activism of ANC 6B and its chairman, Tommy Wells. by PLKDC on Oct 17, 2016 2:32 pm Ward 7 Voter you're the only one with a negative comment directed at a person. Did your person not get endorsed? You didn't even list your name. People who "throw stones & hand their hands" are the worst. Kudos to GGW and everyone else trying to make a difference in their community. by Angela Jones. on Oct 19, 2016 9:17 am Add a Comment Name: (will be displayed on the comments page) Email: (must be your real address, but will be kept private) URL: (optional, will be displayed) You can use some HTML, like <blockquote>quoting another comment</blockquote>, <i>italics</i>, and <a href="http://url_here">hyperlinks</a>. More here. Your comment: By submitting a comment, you agree to abide by our comment policy. Notify me of followup comments via email. (You can also subscribe without commenting.) Save my name and email address on this computer so I don't have to enter it next time, and so I don't have to answer the anti-spam map challenge question in the future. or Who we are • Contact us • Submit a tip Subscribe via email • Twitter • Facebook Switch to full site
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Peoria Public Schools accepting formal proposals for stadium site Monday Oct 17, 2016 at 10:24 AM Oct 17, 2016 at 10:52 AM Pam Adams Journal Star education reporter @padamspam PEORIA — In a follow-up to last month’s community forum on the future of Peoria Stadium, Peoria Public Schools is accepting formal proposals to renovate the iconic recreational space along War Memorial Drive. The School Board’s building committee also floated the idea of a ‘Save our Stadium’ committee that would raise funds for potential projects. The School Board could vote on a final proposal by March 2017. PPS board member Dan Walther pointed out potential proceeds from a county schools facilities sales tax referendum won’t be used for the stadium if the referendum passes in November. And the district has made it clear the site won’t be sold to a business, for instance Wal-Mart Inc., for commercial purposes. “If there are people who are really committed to saving our stadium, maybe they should help us,” Walther said during a building committee meeting Monday. Building committee chairman Dan Adler said the district needs to develop partnerships to follow through on the main sentiments expressed at the September forum. Dozens of people turned out for the public forum to tell board members to preserve the stadium’s historical significance and expand its recreational use. Adam White, co-owner of Running Central, presented one of the most detailed suggestions at the community forum. His proposal involves creating a public-private partnership that would demolish the 111-year-old grandstand and replace it with a new multi-use facility, including a covered stadium and a turf field. His vision, an estimated $10 million project, features a not-for-profit board and director who would be responsible for marketing the facility. “Certainly there was a large voice in the room that night,” Adler said, referring to the forum. “But maybe there are other ideas that weren’t represented that night or haven’t had time to be fleshed out.” The committee also wants more information about the feasibility of developing a citywide high school on the stadium site. That’s another idea that came up several times as the district assessed the public’s suggestions for the site. The controversy over a 2013 plan to sell the site to Wal-Mart and the stadium’s badly needed repairs spurred the district’s current efforts at public discussions about the stadium’s future. Adler set a timeline for a proposal process that considers the district’s annual budgeting process and the football season. The deadline for formal proposals, brief letters of intent, to the district is Nov. 10. Proposals should be submitted by email to Chief Financial Officer Mick Willis, mick.willis@psd150.org. Finalists will be announced by mid-December. Detailed discussions of each proposal are scheduled to occur from December to February, with a public meeting on the project in February 2017. Pam Adams can be reached at 686-3245 or padams@pjstar.com. Follow her on Twitter @padamspam.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Customer Service Newspaper in Education Submit an Ad Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Random Acts of Kindness Education State News Databases Election 2016 Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 4 Recession-Proof Stocks Look to these recession-proof stocks to protect your investments in an economic downturn. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Oct 17, 2016 at 9:37AM Image source: Getty Images.  Concerns about a recession have been rippling through the market since the beginning of the year when the stock market entered a correction and oil prices were at rock-bottom levels. JPMorgan Chase predicted that there was a 67% chance of the U.S. hitting a recession by the end of 2017,  while the big banks generally agreed that 20% of the country was entering a recession, defined as two straight quarters of negative growth, this year. That didn't happen. Oil prices have recovered somewhat, and the S&P 500 is back near record highs. Strong job growth has continued -- with the country near full employment and the unemployment rate at 5%. Still, after seven years of expansion, cyclical forces are likely to send the economy into a recession at some point in the next few years -- the longest economic expansion in the modern era was the decade-long tech-boom in the 1990s. For investors looking to protect themselves from a potential recession, here are four stocks to consider. 1. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) The social networking leader may seem like an odd choice for a recession, but the company has as bulletproof a business model as any other and the job loss and downtime that come during a recession is only likely to promote the use of a service many already view as an easy diversion or a time waster. Of course, monthly average users are nice but that alone won't drive Facebook's business. The company needs to bring in advertising dollars, and while some businesses cut ad budgets during an advertising downturn, there is significant evidence that doing so damages a brand long term. Just as Facebook has a unique opportunity to add new users during a recession, so brands have a chance to increase market share and customer loyalty by maintaining their marketing budgets, especially with an essential service. Rival Alphabet was able to maintain positive revenue and earnings growth during the last recession. 2. Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) A high-priced growth stock like Netflix may be the opposite of what's generally considered a defensive recession-proof stock, but there are a number of reasons why the leading video streamer could thrive during a recession. Like Facebook, the company offers an easy escape for those who may be struggling in the job market or have additional free time. Notably, movie theaters were some of the few businesses that boomed during the Great Depression as Americans sought escapist entertainment. Netflix has the ability to offer a similar benefit during a downturn, and it has a strong value proposition at a price of just $10 per month, compared to cable packages that now cost on average more than $100 a month. If tough times hit, it's easy to see how millions of Americans may decide to cut the cord and get a Netflix subscription instead. Furthermore, Netflix could see benefits on the cost side of the equation as prices for content could easily come down as competition among peers decreases and producers become more eager to make deals and bring in the extra income that comes with a streaming contract. All in all, Netflix could emerge as a big winner during a recession. During the last recession, the company continued to grow revenue and earnings at a fast pace, and the stock barely flinched. 3. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) Wal-Mart is well regarded by the market as a strong stock to own during the recession. The retail giant has staked its reputation on Everyday Low Prices and is well known among consumers for its price competitiveness. The company tends to cater to a low- and middle-income population, but during a recession, its potential shopper base can swell as customers who might ordinarily spend their money somewhere else flock to Wal-Mart to save. As a Dividend Aristocrat that has raised its quarterly payout every year for 41 consecutive years, the company has upheld its commitment to increase shareholder returns. It now offers a dividend yield of 3%, making it the typical defensive stock that investors turn to during a recession. The stock also has a beta of just 0.1, meaning there's little correlation between its performance and the broader market's. The stock has also done well during the market pullbacks in the past. During the correction early this year, Wal-Mart was actually one of the few stocks that continued to gain as investors assumed it was a good bet during a potential downturn. Similarly, the retail giant weathered the 2008-2009 recession much better than the broader market. 4. Portfolio Recovery Associates (NASDAQ:PRAA) Looking for a stock that actually directly benefits from tough times? Look no further than Portfolio Recovery Associates.  The company specializes in debt collection -- its business acquires, collects, and processes unpaid accounts receivables. A recession can create an opportunity for PRA as more accounts go unpaid. During the last recession, it was able to collect 13% more consumer debt by targeting banks and using more aggressive tactics.  It can take several years for the company to collect unpaid debts, meaning that a recession doesn't immediately provide a boon to its business, but as it creates more uncollected accounts, the company can take advantage by growing its portfolio, which can fuel its collections over the coming years.  A recession can also make debt cheaper, giving the company an additional advantage as debt prices were estimated to fall 40% during the last recession, and PRA stock also recovered quickly. Following the stock's recent drop, a recession could be just the thing to help PRA bounce back. The son of PRA Group's CEO is currently employed by The Motley Fool. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Netflix. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook, Netflix, and PRA Group. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 9:37AM Consumer Goods Stocks Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $114.78 down $0.64 (-0.55%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $71.23 down $0.16 (-0.22%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $119.02 down $-1.78 (-1.47%) PRA Group NASDAQ:PRAA $31.00 up $0.30 (0.98%) Read More Two New Stock Picks Every Month! Can Netflix Save Cable? What Investors Missed in the Market Last Week Netflix Stock in 3 Charts How Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Are Affecting Holiday Spending Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Deals LEGO Star Wars Kylo Ren's Command Shuttle Set for $89 + free shipping LEGO Star Wars Kylo Ren's Command Shuttle Set for $89 + free shipping Published: Oct 17, 2016 / Buy Now $89 Buy Now Walmart offers the LEGO Star Wars Kylo Ren's Command Shuttle Building Set, model no. 75104, for $88.99 with free shipping. (Target charges the same.) That's $19 under our mention from January and the lowest total price we've seen. (It's the best deal now by $11.) The shuttle features an opening front, rear and bottom storage bays, spring-loaded shooters, and detachable weapon racks. The set also includes Kylo Ren, General Hux, First Order Officer, two First Order Crew members, and First Order Stormtrooper Officer figures, two blaster pistols, four helmets, and other accessories. facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL LEGO Star Wars Death Star Final Duel for $57 + free shipping LEGO Ideas Maze Building Kit for $49 + pickup at Walmart LEGO Technic Race Truck for $40 + free shipping Popular deals Sony XBR-75X850D 75-Inch 4K TV - $2999.99 Amazon Echo Dot - $49.99 TPO Mobile: Infinite 'Unlimited' 4G LTE Plan K'Nex K-Force Motorized Blaster Building Set - $28.99 Refurbished Tablets at Walmart from $30 + free shipping w/ $50 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Baby formula thieves return for second attempt, 2 arrested | Guelph News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Kitchener Search X News Video Weather Sports Guelph More Connect MyNews Local Sections Latest Weather Local Sports News at Noon Guests Guelph News Shows CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Features Financial Fix Local Hero Made Right Here On the Roster LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Features In Pictures Investigates Info Lotto Results Local Contests Links & Numbers Community We're Involved Who's Playing Community Calendar The Pledge Sections Contact Us Bios Social Media Facebook Twitter CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Featured Guelph News Videos false WATCH:Police investigating body found in Elora Gorge Air Date: November 11, 2016 false WATCH:Conservative leadership hopefuls divided over Trump win Air Date: November 11, 2016 false WATCH:Fraud and forgery charges laid after company goes bust Air Date: November 10, 2016 false WATCH:Immigrants touted as solution to rural worker shortage Air Date: November 10, 2016 false WATCH:Immigration driving up demand for Ontario lamb Air Date: November 10, 2016 false WATCH:More GMC, Chevrolet trucks being reported stolen Air Date: November 9, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Baby formula thieves return for second attempt, 2 arrested Warren Letson, CTV Kitchener Published Monday, October 17, 2016 9:36AM EDT Last Updated Monday, October 17, 2016 12:37PM EDT Two women are facing charges after another baby formula theft in Guelph. Earlier this month, on October 5, two women were involved when approximately $4,000 worth of baby formula was stolen from the Walmart on Stone Road. On Friday, October 14, police say the same two women returned to the Walmart and stole another large amount of formula.  This time, Guelph police were able to foil their get-away and both women were taken into custody.  Police also identified and arrested a man who they say was also involved in the theft.  The combined total of the thefts is around $5,3000. A 34-year-old Toronto woman, a 47-year-old woman of no fixed  address, and a man from London face a number of charges. Related Stories Baby formula stolen in Guelph, again MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. More CTV News Guelph Stories Man found dead at bottom of Elora Gorge Chong decries attempt to bring 'Trump-style politics' to Canada Must be Santa: Your guide to 43 local Christmas parades Cyclist accused of pulling knife on pedestrians More CTV Guelph Stories weather Change city Advertisement CTV News Kitchener Videos false WATCH:Hamilton Judge wears Trump hat Air Date: November 13, 2016 false WATCH:Concerns over rising cost of hydro Air Date: November 13, 2016 false WATCH:CTV Kitchener: Webcast for Sunday, Nov 13 2016 Air Date: November 13, 2016 false WATCH:Running for Lyme Disease awareness Air Date: November 13, 2016 false WATCH:Boy struck in the head by minivan airlifted to hospital Air Date: November 12, 2016 More CTV News Kitchener Videos Advertisement Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Benito Baeza Bill Colley Colley’s Commentary Top Story Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Glenn Beck Dave Ramsey Leo Laporte Coast to Coast AM Listen Listen Live Schedule Mobile App Loyal Listener Club Sign Up Contests Contest Rules Winners VIP Support Win Stuff Win $10,000! Win A $500 Visa Gift Card Win A $300 Airline Gift Card Contest Rules News Magic Valley News Idaho & Regional National & World Bill Colley’s Commentary Political Entertainment Sports Twin Falls Events Community Event Submissions Weather School Closures Weather Alerts Contact Us Submit A News Tip Feedback Employment Help & Contact Info Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Trending: Win $10,000 Cash! Drive Means Drive Colley’s Commentary School Closures Local News Weather Who Won? Twin Falls Police Looking for Owners of Stolen Property By Benito Baeza October 17, 2016 5:52 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter TWIN FALLS, Idaho (PRESS RELEASE) Twin Falls Police Detectives have identified and recovered property believed to be stolen during a recent vehicle burglary. Detectives believe a GPS device and a Radar Detector were stolen from a vehicle parked at the Magic Valley Mall or the Twin Falls Walmart during the month of September 2016. The Twin Falls Police Department is asking for assistance to identify the owner(s) of these devices. During the months of August and September 2016, if you left your vehicle parked at the Twin Falls Walmart or at the Magic Valley Mall and discovered that either or both of these items were stolen from your vehicle, please contact Detective Ken Rivers at (208) 735-4357. "By taking a few extra minutes to make sure you are using your locks and protecting your property, you can greatly reduce the odds of becoming a victim of these crimes." Records indicate that 31 residential and vehicle burglary reports were filed with the Twin Falls Police Department during the month of September 2016. The vast majority of burglaries are crimes of opportunity, and can be some of the easiest crimes to prevent. Most criminals look for an easy target when it comes to burglaries of vehicles and homes. The Twin Falls Police Department wants to remind our community to make sure you take time to secure doors and windows, and don’t leave valuables in your vehicle overnight or when you are away from it. Also, exterior lighting is a strong deterrent to criminal behavior. Be sure to limit dark hiding places around your property and park your vehicles in well-lit areas. By taking a few extra minutes to make sure you are using your locks and protecting your property, you can greatly reduce the odds of becoming a victim of these crimes. Filed Under: Crime | Stolen | theft | Twin Falls Police Category: Twin Falls News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live News Radio 1310 KLIX on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: News Radio 1310's Daily Deal $5 Token For Automatic Car Wash at Idaho Suds Buy This Deal Now EEO Public File Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Twin Falls Business Listings Welcome back to Loyal Listener Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Loyal Listener Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newsradio1310.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Loyal Listener Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up for Loyal Listener Club Register Now Sign up for Loyal Listener Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Loyal Listener Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Loyal Listener Club brought to you by: News Radio 1310 KLIX Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop 2016 People Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Tim Kaine Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken GOP Pledge-O-Meter All By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise Wisconsin Edition The Wisconsin Truth-O-Meter All True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! Promises Articles People Elections Subjects Says Donald Trump’s plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would "get a $53 billion tax break."   — Bernie Sanders on Wednesday, October 5th, 2016 in a speech Bernie Sanders says Donald Trump plan to end estate tax would give $53 billion break to Walton heirs By Tom Kertscher on Monday, October 17th, 2016 at 5:00 a.m. Bernie Sanders says Donald Trump's tax plan would give the Walton Walmart family a "$53 billion tax break." Campaigning for Hillary Clinton on Oct. 5, 2016 in Madison, Wis., the runner-up for the Democratic presidential nomination hit hard at the Republican nominee. On one front, U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont attacked Donald Trump for his plan to repeal the federal estate tax, claiming the Walmart Walton family would "get a $53 billion tax break." Sanders was repeating a claim he had made on Medium, Twitter and elsewhere. We found that broadly speaking, the descendants of Walmart founder Sam Walton could face a tax bill of about $53 billion that would go away if Trump’s proposal became law. But that figure is based on estimates and without knowing the family members’ tax planning. And another Trump proposal would mean the descendants would face capital gains taxes on their inheritance perhaps in the tens of billions of dollars. The estate tax A few preliminary points before we dig into the Waltons’ wealth: The federal estate tax, as defined by the Internal Revenue Service, is a tax "on your right to transfer property at your death." It consists of an accounting of everything you own, or have certain interests in, at the date of death. For 2016, an estate tax return must be filed if the estate is worth roughly $5.45 million or more. Trump is worth $3.7 billion, according to estimates done by Forbes for its list of the 400 wealthiest Americans, although he has claimed he’s worth $10 billion. Clinton, who with Bill Clinton is worth perhaps $62 million, proposes to increase the estate tax for multimillionaires and billionaires, with rates as high as 65 percent. The Walton family Three times, twice on statements made by Sanders, we have rated claims that the Walton family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people. (Wealth being assets such as savings and retirement accounts, minus liabilities such as credit card debts and what’s unpaid on a home mortgage.) PolitiFact National in 2012, PolitiFact Wisconsin in 2013 and PolitiFact Virginia in 2016, each arrived at a rating of True. In those fact checks, we considered six people as being the Walton family. However, a seventh family member (Lukas Walton) joined the Forbes list in 2016. Here is their wealth, according to "real time" estimates by the Forbes 400 on the day Sanders made his claim: Jim Walton (son): $35.1 billion S. Robson Walton (son): $35 billion Alice Walton (daughter): $34.9 billion Lukas Walton (grandson): $11.2 billion Ann Walton Kroenke (niece), $6.2 billion Christy Walton (daughter-in-law to Sam): $5.5 billion Nancy Walton Laurie (niece), $4.5 billion That’s a total of more than $132 billion. Under current law, and if the wealth estimates are accurate, that amount would be subject to a federal estate tax of 40 percent when the individuals die -- roughly the $53 billion that Sanders said. We consulted with five experts: Roberton Williams, a fellow at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center; Howard Erlanger, a trusts and estates expert and emeritus professor at the University of Wisconsin Law School; Edward Koren, University of Miami adjunct professor in estate planning and a partner at the international law firm Holland & Knight; Texas Tech University Law School professor Gerry Beyer, who edits the Wills, Trusts & Estates Prof Blog; and Alan Viard, a tax policy scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. According to the experts, there are at least two factors indicating that the actual tax due would be less than $53 billion -- possibly much less. 1. Charitable donations Wealthy people often designate a substantial portion of their assets to be donated to charity upon their death. Those funds are not subject to the estate tax. Koren gave this example: If $100 billion of the total $132 billion were designated for charity, the estate tax owed would be $13 billion, not $53 billion. It’s also possible that some assets could be shielded by tax avoidance techniques, Viard said. 2. Trump’s other proposal In addition to proposing a repeal of the estate tax, Trump has proposed to repeal a tax rule that, if approved, would result in the Walton heirs paying more in capital gains taxes. So, under Trump’s plan, there wouldn’t be an estate tax -- under which taxes must be paid essentially right away -- but an increase in capital gains taxes, which don’t have to be paid until assets are sold. It is impossible to know exactly how much of a capital gains tax the Waltons would face under Trump’s proposed change, but it could be tens of billions of dollars. On the other hand, unlike the estate tax, the next generation of Waltons could defer paying the capital gains tax for as long as they hold onto the assets they inherit. Our rating Sanders says Trump’s plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walton family would "get a $53 billion tax break." Based on the collective wealth of seven Sam Walton descendants, they could face a tax of about $53 billion under the current estate tax law. But that amount is based on estimates of their wealth and it would be reduced based on any charitable donations the family members might arrange for upon their death. Meanwhile, Trump also proposes higher capital gains taxes, which could amount to a tax bill of tens of billions for the Walton heirs -- although that tax wouldn’t be imposed until they sell assets such as Walmart stock For a claim that is partially accurate but needs more information, our rating is Half True. https://www.sharethefacts.co/share/b9673993-3e57-4e72-a28f-a546f1e4376e Advertisement About this statement: Published: Monday, October 17th, 2016 at 5:00 a.m. Researched by: Tom Kertscher Edited by: Greg Borowski Subjects: Families, Taxes, Wealth Sources: YouTube, WisconsinEye video (36:30) of Bernie Sanders speech, Oct. 5, 2016 Internal Revenue Service, "Estate tax," Oct. 3, 2016 Interview, Howard Erlanger, emeritus professor at the University of Wisconsin Law School, Oct. 6, 2016 Email, Texas Tech University Law School professor Gerry Beyer, Oct. 6, 2016 Email, Tax Policy Center Sol Price fellow Roberton Williams, Oct. 5, 2016 Email, Bernie Sanders campaign spokesman Warren Gunnels, Oct. 5, 2016 Email, Alan Viard, tax policy scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, Oct. 6, 2016 Email, Holland & Knight partner and University of Miami adjunct professor in estate planning Edward Koren, Oct. 5, 2016 Forbes, 2016 Forbes 400 list (and profiles for Walton family members as of Oct. 5, 2016) How to contact us We want to hear your suggestions and comments. Email the Wisconsin Truth-O-Meter with feedback and with claims you'd like to see checked. If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise. Browse The Wisconsin Truth-O-Meter See all rulings on Scott Walker See all rulings about the state budget See all rulings about Milwaukee See all Full Flops See all Half Flips Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Wisconsin Via RSS Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook To the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2016 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop 2016 People Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Tim Kaine Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken GOP Pledge-O-Meter All By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise Wisconsin Edition The Wisconsin Truth-O-Meter All True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! Promises Articles People Elections Subjects
null
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Local Guide Today's Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Police: Parkesburg woman was arrested for theft the same day as her preliminary hearing for similar incident By Staff Report Posted: 10/16/16, 6:58 PM EDT | Updated: 3 weeks, 6 days ago # Comments Casey Reeder, 29, of Parkesburg, was charged with retail theft, receiving stolen property and driving under suspension. The charges were filed after an investigation into a reported $40 theft from a Boscov’s store on Oct. 3. Investigators obtained surveillance video of the incident and recognized the suspect as Casey Reeder who had attended a preliminary hearing earlier in the day for a prior retail theft arrest. Reeder was arraigned before Magisterial District Judge John Bailey in Exton. She was remanded to the Chester County Prison after failing to post bail, police said. The following police reports were released from the West Whiteland and West Chester Police Departments. Advertisement WEST WHITELAND • Natasha Kramlich, 34, of Narvon, was charged with DUI on Sept. 30. The charges were filed after a patrol officer stopped Kramlich’s vehicle on Pottstown Pike after a speeding violation. Kramlich was arrested after she failed field sobriety tests. • Justin Baker, 26, of Gap, was arrested on Oct. 1. The charges were filed after a patrol officer responded to the Wal-Mart store for a theft of a backpack, containing a laptop computer, from a vehicle. Responding officers located Baker and took him into custody. A search warrant was executed on Baker’s vehicle and the property was recovered. Officers also located alleged drug paraphernalia and stolen property belonging to another victim who had property stolen from her vehicle in an East Caln shopping center. About $80 in merchandise was also found in the vehicle, police said. That merchandise was found to have been stolen from the Wal-Mart. Baker was charged with receiving stolen property, theft from motor vehicle, theft by unlawful taking, retail theft and possession of drug paraphernalia. • Ian Schneider, 40, of Downingtown, was charged with DUI on Oct. 2. The charges were filed after a patrol officer stopped Schneider’s vehicle at the intersection of Route 100 and Shoen Road for a red light violation. Schneider was arrested after he failed field sobriety tests. • Diane Trego, 56, of West Chester, was arrested for DUI on Oct. 4. The charges were filed after a patrol officer observed Trego make a left turn off of West Lincoln Highway. Trego reportedly drove in the oncoming lane of traffic and around posted “Do Not Enter” signs. The officer stopped the vehicle and made contact with Trego. She was arrested after she reportedly failed field sobriety tests. She was charged with DUI and driving under suspension for a prior DUI conviction, police said. • Abdul Kendema, 48, of Yeadon, was charged with forgery, access device fraud, theft by deception, receiving stolen property and identity theft on Oct. 7. The charges were filed after officers were dispatched to the Sam’s Club store for a fraud. Officers made contact with Kendema who had made $2,231 in purchases since Sept. 29. It was determined that one or more of the purchases was made with the credit card number of a Camden, New Jersey, resident. Investigators recovered 15 credit cards from Kendema during his arrest. Many of the cards are suspected to be counterfeit and possibly contain personal information belonging to other victims, police said. WEST CHESTER • Matthew Gilger, 35, of Brookhaven, was charged with DUI and related offenses after witnesses reported a driver allegedly hit a parked car in the 400 block of North High Street on Oct. 4, at about 5:30 p.m. Police said they found the driver at the Wawa at Pottstown Pike and Boot Road and was subsequently arrested. • Shawn Boz, 21, of Coatesville, was charged with assault and related charges after Boz allegedly punched a person in the nose after repeatedly getting denied entry to Ryan’s Pub on Sept. 9, shortly after midnight. Police said Boz was refused entry to the bar because of his level of intoxication. • Nathan Hackman, 26, of Lititz, was charged with DUI after officers responded to reports of a hit -and-run crash in the 100 block of East Market Street. Police said as a result of the investigation, Hackman was taken into custody after allegedly failing sobriety tests on Oct. 8, at about 12:30 a.m. To contact the Daily Local News, email news@dailylocal.com or message us on Facebook and Twitter: www.facebook.com/dailylocalnews, www.twitter.com/wcdailylocal. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Amazon Is About to Blow Up Its Profits Once Again The e-commerce giant is planning to launch a network of brick-and-mortar stores. Here's why that could be a problem. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Oct 16, 2016 at 11:00AM Image source: The Motley Fool. Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is plunging headlong into yet another industry. According to The Wall Street Journal, the e-commerce giant is planning to open convenience stores and curbside pickup locations nationwide to accelerate the growth of its grocery business. The stores will carry perishable items such as produce, dairy, and meat that are often challenging and costly to deliver, and the company will also offer drive-through curbside pickup at other locations, much as grocery leaders Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Kroger (NYSE:KR) are already doing. Amazon started its Fresh grocery delivery service in its hometown of Seattle in 2007, testing it for six years before expanding the program to a handful of cities including New York, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. Now, a network of stores may seem like a logical next step as Amazon seeks to grab a greater share of the $600 billion U.S. grocery market. It's no surprise that Amazon would want to grab a greater share of Americans' grocery spending: The company seeks to be a one-stop shop everything a consumer could want, and there's no category bigger than grocery. But while Amazon has come to dominate retail segments including books, electronics, and (increasingly) clothes, grocery presents a distinct set of hurdles that may make it particularly difficult from to turn a profit. Still, that has never been a dissuading factor: The company's founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has embraced risk-taking and failure, and is well known for thinking long term and his willingness to forgo profits. As recently as 2015, Amazon was reporting quarterly losses, but profits have spiked recently thanks to the strength of its cloud computing division. But opening up hundreds of stores would be a costly move, and is likely to put a dent in profits, at least over the near term. Out of its element On its way to becoming one of the most valuable companies in the world, Amazon has tied together a few key competitive advantages that have driven its e-commerce program to prominence. Its Prime membership is enormously popular, offering perks such as free two-day delivery, video streaming, data storage, access to the Kindle Lending Library, and more, all for a low price of $99/year. With millions of SKUs (stock-keeping units), the company has a breadth of inventory unmatched by any retail store, and its collection of reviews provides detailed data and recommendations, giving it an advantage over other e-commerce sites. In the case of Amazon Fresh, however, none of those advantages apply. Grocery delivery is too costly to be included among the benefits of Amazon Prime, and instead costs an additional $15/month, which is more expensive than many competing services. Instacart, in which Whole Foods Market has taken a stake, offers free two-hour delivery for a $149 yearly fee, or nearly 20% less than Amazon. When it comes to food, especially perishables, a wide inventory range is not particularly helpful and neither are customer reviews. Consumers tend to buy the same perishables over and over again, and no one needs to read a review on yellow onions or whole milk, meaning they are exactly the opposite of the kind of product Amazon excels at selling. If anything, consumers want to be able to touch and see such products before buying them, adding another hurdle to grocery e-commerce. An uphill battle With its dependence on brick-and-mortar infrastructure, grocery is one area where retailers like Wal-Mart and Kroger have an advantage over Amazon. Wal-Mart has been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program and expects to have it available at more than 1,000 locations, or a quarter of its store base, by the end of next year. Amazon seems to have aspirations to match Wal-Mart here, but this type of program is much more cost-effective for Wal-Mart, which already has parking-lot space it can easily use for a pickup kiosk. Amazon, on the other hand, needs to find such real estate and convert it to its purposes. Wal-Mart also has stores within five miles of 70% of the U.S. population, making such a network difficult for Amazon to match. Launching a brick-and-mortar network of stores seems to undermine Amazon's cost advantage as a strictly e-commerce operation, and even if it is successful in attracting customers, margins in grocery are notoriously thin. Kroger, the largest pure-play grocery chain, has a profit margin of less than 2%, meaning that even if Amazon is successful with its chain of convenience stores, the profits from it probably won't be enough to move the dial for a company already worth close to $400 billion. And it will mean significant costs over the coming years, which will weigh on the company's bottom line. John Mackey, co-CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Whole Foods Market. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Oct 16, 2016 at 11:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $71.23 down $0.16 (-0.22%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $739.01 down $-3.37 (-0.45%) Kroger NYSE:KR $33.52 up $0.65 (1.98%) Read More Amazon.com Introduces Prime Reading to Prime Why Amazon Owns Digital Reading, but Can't Kill the Physical Book Better Buy: eBay Inc. vs. Amazon.com Is Amazon Prime Fresh Ready for Prime Time? Amazon.com, Inc. Introduces Prime Reading -- a New Benefit for Prime Members Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Who killed Grandpa WalMart? On Oct. 15, 2011, Harry Smith’s family didn’t realize the reunion would be the last time they’d see him alive. Jona Ison , USA Today Network-Ohio Share This Story 213 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment Five years cold Harry Smith's family awaits justice CHILLICOTHE - On Oct. 15, 2011, Harry Smith’s family didn’t realize the reunion would be the last time they’d see him alive. When he was found in his burning home dead the next morning, the family also didn’t know it would take eight months to rule his death a homicide or that they would still be waiting for his killer to be caught five years later. Harry W. Smith (Photo: Submitted photo) A private investigator hired by a frustrated family in April 2012 had predicted it, though. In Lycurgus Group’s final report from September 2012, they called the delay in ruling Smith’s death a homicide and the fires arson “unreasonable” and wrote the murder “cannot be solved nor will a successful prosecution be possible unless some internal processes are changed.” The family feels that change happened when the Ohio Attorney General’s Bureau of Criminal Investigation took over the case in October 2012. However, it seems they too have been stumped despite receiving new information as recently as last month, according to spokeswoman Jill Del Greco. “While we cannot get into specifics about this ongoing investigation, we can say that investigators regularly work on this investigation and interviews have taken place in the past few months,” she said via email. In one last push, the Smith family has added to the rewards for information - which totals $23,850 - in hopes money will shake loose the information needed to get an arrest that leads to a conviction. However, the $10,000 from the family and $3,850 from fundraising will expire on the sixth anniversary of Smith's murder, said family spokeswoman Andrea Smith. The fundraised amount will go to the VFW if that golden tip doesn't come in. "If $23,000, almost $24,000, doesn't make somebody talk around here, I don't think anything will," Andrea Smith said. State officials from the Ohio Bureau for Criminal Investigation and the Fire Marshall's office were on scene after Harry W. Smith was found murdered in his burning home at 14546 Ohio 772 on Oct. 16, 2011. (Photo: Gazette file photo) Up in smoke Granddaughter finds smoke coming from home At 89, Smith was like many grandpas of his generation in Chillicothe. He was a retired paper mill employee and a military veteran. He joined the Navy after the bombing of Pearl Harbor and served in World War II before returning home and raising a family with his wife, Opal. In retirement, he picked up another job, becoming the local WalMart’s first full-time greeter and earning the moniker "Grandpa WalMart" among the youngest Smith grandchildren. A photo of Harry Smith from when he enlisted in the Navy. (Photo: Gazette file photo) “My dad was a good, loving, hard-working man all of his life,” his son Jerry Smith recalled in a letter read at a memorial for his father on Oct. 16, 2012.”I look back on the good times when I was younger, like going squirrel hunting and going fishing. He always was a man who believed in doing a good job no matter how big or small.” Oct. 16, 2011, was a Sunday and Smith would have been getting ready for a weekly visit from a granddaughter. But those plans were interrupted sometime before 10 a.m. when either Smith let someone into the home at 14546 Ohio 772, or they let themselves in. Evidence suggests that Smith was bound with a disposable underpad and struck at least once in the back of the head. The blow fractured Smith’s skull and killed him, likely just before or shortly after at least four small fires were set around his home. “The weird thing about the fire was the manner in which it was set,” said County Prosecutor Matt Schmidt. “It was kind of unusual … effective in that it created a smoke hazard and created an alarming scene for the first responders, but it didn’t consume the crime scene … It was a fire that smoldered and failed ultimately.” When Smith's granddaughter and her husband arrived between 9:50 and 10:04 a.m., they saw two newspapers on the front porch, and the storm door was ajar. They opened the unlocked door, and smoke poured out. At least three people stopped to help and were able to get Smith outside where they attempted CPR until medics arrived. Smith was taken to Adena Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead. At first, Sheriff George Lavender told the Chillicothe Gazette they didn’t suspect foul play. The family was told they suspected Smith was depressed over Opal’s death earlier that year and may have committed suicide. Although Lavender began calling the death suspicious within days, there wasn't an official ruling of homicide or arson in Smith’s death for eight months. "This is something you think about every day, several, multiple times every day, and my heart aches for him (Jerry Smith) and that he lost his dad the way he did ... that no justice has been served for Harry," said Andrea Smith, "It's important to him, and it's important to all of us that takes place. I don't want my father-in-law to die before that's done." Harry Smith homicide investigation Officials took eight months to rule 89-year-old Harry Smith's death on Oct. 16, 2011, in Ross County, Ohio, a homicide. Five years later, his murder remains unsolved. 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 April 13, 2011 Widowed Opal Smith, wife of Harry Smith for 67 years, dies at age 86 in a nursing home after a brief illness. Oct. 15, 2011 Reunion Harry Smith, 89, attends a family reunion, making this the last time most saw him alive. Oct. 16, 2011 'No foul play' 9:50 a.m. to 10:04 a.m. - Harry Smith's granddaughter and her husband arrive at his home at 14546 Ohio 772, Chillicothe, Ohio, to find it filled with smoke due to at least four small smoldering fires inside. At least three passerby stop to help, one saying Smith had been face down with his arms bound behind him. 11 a.m. - According to the Smith family, then Ross County Sheriff's Office Col. Jeff Keener talked to them in the driveway, sharing that the initial investigation appears to show Smith was a depressed widower and may have committed suicide. Afternoon - Ross County Sheriff George Lavender tells a Chillicothe Gazette reporter that foul play is not suspected and Smith appears to have died from smoke inhalation. Early evening - According to the Smith family, Ross County Coroner John Gabis called and said since nothing was missing from the house, it looked like Smith's death may be ruled a suicide. The family reports there were items missing. Oct. 17, 2011 Autopsy The State Fire Marshal's Office is called in to investigate the fire. Harry Smith's body is autopsied by the Montgomery County Coroner's Office. A report is released later that indicates he has a fracture to the back of his skull and cuts are found on his scalp, forehead, nose, cheek, and upper lip. He also has bruising around the heard, on his abdomen, back, and right wrist. There is no "gross evidence" of soot in his airway. Smith's home is released to the family, but the Ross County Sheriff's Office returns with a second search warrant within a few days to look for more evidence. Oct. 18, 2011 'Suspicious' Ross County Sheriff George Lavender says his office is investigating Harry Smith's death as "suspicious." November 2011 Fires were set Ross County Sheriff George Lavender for the first time says there were small fires set in Harry Smith's home, but they are still trying to determine who set them and why. The State Fire Marshal's Office won't rule the fires as arson for seven more months. On Nov. 28, Smith's toxicology report is returned at the Montgomery County Coroner's Office, revealing there was very little carbon monoxide in his blood from the smoke. January 2012 Blunt force trauma, bound - no homicide ruling Jan. 10 - Montgomery County's deputy coroner files a final autopsy report, which shows no evidence Harry Smith was breathing during the fire and the cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head with heart disease and cancer considered as contributing factors. Mid-January - Ross County Sheriff George Lavender confirms for the first time that Smith was bound, but noted there were no ligature marks on his body. Lavender says they are investigating the death as a homicide now rather than just suspicious. Late January - Lavender meets with Ross County Coroner John Gabis to discuss the case, but he does not rule on manner of death - suicide or homicide - due to wanting to see pending lab results from evidence sent to the state crime lab, BCI. March 2012 Frustration Harry Smith's family begins speaking publicly about their frustration with the investigation and the lack of a homicide ruling. Family spokeswoman Andrea Smith says Ross County Sheriff George Lavender has told her to stop calling, that he will call her when he has new information to share. For the first time, Lavender confirms Smith had trauma to the back of his head and his face. April 2012 Private investigation Harry Smith's family meets with private investigators at Columbus-based Lycurgus Group LLC for the first time, leading to the initiation of an independent investigation into Smith's death. May 2012 Investigation continues Ross County Sheriff George Lavender tells the private investigator he believes Harry Smith was killed, but there were concerns with some evidence. He doesn't expound on those concerns Final lab results pending from the state crime lab are returned. June 2012 Homicide, arson rulings June 8 - Representatives from the investigation into Harry Smith's death meet to go over the case and recently returned lab results. June 11 - Ross County Coroner John Gabis rules Smith's death nearly eight months earlier was a homicide. The family learns of the ruling from a reporter. June 13: The State Fire Marshal's Office rules the fires at Smith's home were arson and announce a $5,000 Blue Ribbon Arson Committee reward for information. September 2012 State asked to take over investigation The family puts an end to the private investigation due to stress and the impact on the health impact it was having on at least one family member. The final report from Lycurgus Group indicates they have concerns with the way the case has been investigated, calling the delay in arson and homicide rulings "unreasonable." Family spokeswoman Andrea Smith meets with Ross County Prosecutor Matt Schmidt and asks for the case to be handed over to the Bureau of Criminal Investigation at the Ohio Attorney General's Office. October 2012 1 year cold The Bureau of Criminal Investigation agrees to take over as lead investigators. The Smith case is a key issue in the Ross County sheriff race. The family puts support behind candidate Dale Gillette, and his billboards feature the Smith case. Oct. 16: The Smith family conducts a public memorial on the 1-year anniversary of his murder. Oct. 22: The Smith family asks the Ross County commissioners to reimburse them the $16,561.50 they spent on the private investigation. The commissioners say they can't. November 2012 Re-elected Ross County Sheriff George Lavender is re-elected to his second term over Democratic opponent Dale Gillette. Lavender received 18,446 votes (62%) to Gillette's 11,158 (38%). June 2013 State call for answers Harry Smith's homicide is added to the Ohio Attorney General's statewide database for unsolved homicides across the state. August 2013 Temporary reward The Smith family announces a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person who killed Harry Smith. The reward is in addition to the $5,000 Blue Ribbon Arson reward and the $5,000 from Southern Ohio Crime Stoppers, but is time limited to three months. July 2014 Family reward renewed The Smith family renews their reward offer of $5,000 for information on Harry Smith's murder, this time making it a permanent reward offering. December 2014 Building the reward The Smith family begins fundraising to boost their $5,000 reward for information on Harry Smith's murder. In addition to a fundraising event, the family starts a bank account and GoFundMe to help build the reward amount. October 2016 One last push Just prior to the fifth anniversary of Harry Smith's death, his family double their portion of the reward for information, but announce it will expire on the sixth anniversary. The $3,850 collected through fundraising also will expire at that time and be donated to the VFW. The total reward, which includes $5,000 each from Southern Ohio Crime Stoppers and the Blue Ribbon Arson Committee, for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the Smith case is $23,850. Tips can be reported anonymously to Southern Ohio Crime Stoppers at 740-773-TIPS or to BCI at 855-BCI-OHIO. Jona Ison/ USA Today Network-Ohio Suicide or homicide? Confusing evidence complicates investigation Within days of Smith’s death, officials seemed stymied by the evidence at the scene. Some items, like a 1941 Chillicothe High School class ring, a brown onyx ring with an 'S' and Smith’s checkbook, were taken, but a cash box in relatively plain view was left untouched. While officials haven’t publicly disclosed or confirmed all the oddities at the scene, there were scenarios they felt could take them down the path to thinking Smith's death was suicide or homicide. For example, Smith’s cordless phone and two cellphones were missing and until results from the fire debris was analyzed, there was speculation that Smith could have put them into the fire to prevent himself from calling for help. As for cuts and bruises found on his body during the autopsy, Ross County Coroner John Gabis said at the time Smith had a history of falls - which the family has contested - so the cause of those injuries wasn't clear cut. Smith family spokesperson Andrea Smith talks with media about the results of the private investigation into the homicide of Harry Smith in October 2012. (Photo: Gazette file photo) “There was evidence of items being taken but other things of value that were completely ignored, so if this was solely for the purpose of theft or burglary, it was carried out very strangely,” Schmidt said. “It could be that they panicked, that the situation got out of control, but that’s speculation. I don’t know. But it was certainly, in terms of a crime scene, an unusual one." Lavender declined to talk about specific elements of the case, noting details are withheld to help validate tips, but said the heavy smoke from the fire hurt the investigative process. The lack of a suspect early on also was a hindrance. "The information coming out of the case was very sparse. Normally, we hear things on investigations of this nature, especially a murder, and there was just nothing out there," Lavender said. The Smith family has agreed in the past that there were some unusual elements to the scene, but it was evident to them that Harry Smith was the victim of a homicide. "The man had a fractured skull. The back of his skull ... When you look at the fact there was a pillow case missing and the other pillow case was full of stuff from the tops of dressers ... Where does that lead you as a detective who has never gone to school, never been educated, never had any training, what do you think?" The family's frustration led to them spending more than $16,000 on a private investigation and ultimately requesting the Bureau of Criminal Identification take over the case. Schmidt said he made the request to BCI because he felt the family “had such resentment toward the sheriff’s office that that was just better for everybody involved to get a fresh set of eyes." If BCI hadn't taken the case, Andrea Smith said the family "would have absolutely given up every last bit of hope that we have." Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share On Oct. 16, 2011, Harry Smith was killed in his Ross County, Ohio home. His murderer has never been caught. Roads to nowhere Tips provide no substantial leads By time BCI took over the case, the sheriff’s office reported they had already conducted more than 80 interviews, and at least 50 pieces of evidence had been analyzed by the crime lab. Where that number sits now is unclear; Del Greco declined to comment on specifics. "It just haunts us. Every significant holiday that comes, whether it be birthdays or anniversaries or the anniversary of his murder, Labor Day, every get-together we have, it's just this cloud. It's just there," she said. At least 50 people gathered to remember Harry Smith in Yoctangee Park on the one-year anniversary of his murder. (Photo: Gazette file photo) For Schmidt, the difficulty in the case has always been a combination of the unusual circumstances and the lack of a solid lead. While there have been several persons of interest, there’s not been anything “that’s even come close to giving us evidence that would be sufficient to charge someone,” Schmidt said. “This was, it seemed to me, to be one where there were rumors swirling around but nothing substantial. And I guess, in my experience, the thing that seems so unusual was the relative silence from the community at large about what had happened,” Schmidt said. “Another difficulty, certainly, was a lack of forensics in terms of any source of DNA or blood or fingerprint or anything to really gain traction on.” While the lack of evidence has been an apparent issue in solving the case, Del Greco said the biggest complication is key people aren’t talking. She urges anyone with information to contact BCI at 855-BCI-OHIO. And until Oct. 16, 2017, that information may result in a $23,850 payday. Afterward, it will revert to $10,000 - half from the Ohio Blue Ribbon Arson Committee reward and the other half from Southern Ohio Crimestoppers. jison@Gannett.com Twitter: @JonaIson Share This Story 213 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment © 2016 chillicothegazette.com, All rights reserved. Chapters Chapter 1 Five years cold Chapter 2 Up in smoke Chapter 3 Suicide or homicide? Chapter 4 Roads to nowhere Share Enjoy a limted number of articles over the next 30 days Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about Who killed Grandpa WalMart? On Oct. 15, 2011, Harry Smith’s family didn’t realize the reunion would be the last time they’d see him alive. Who killed Grandpa WalMart? On Oct. 15, 2011, Harry Smith’s family didn’t realize the reunion would be the last time they’d see him alive.  Check out this story on chillicothegazette.com: http://ohne.ws/2ei9KkF {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
null
Skip to content × Search Search Search ✔ BayToday.ca ✔ Classifieds ✔ Google Search site × 5.3 °Cforecast > Home Local Local News More Local Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather Random Acts of Kindness NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive Columns The Doctor Game Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat Weekend Trippin' This Should Work with Bruce MacNab Wine All the Time Aisle Seat Remember This? Financial Literacy Debbie Travis' House to Home Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Today in History Comics Hockey Pool Shop Local Flyers North Bay Gas Prices Home OPP Beat Bomb threat investigation ongoing Oct 15, 2016 8:01 PM by: BayToday Staff File photo A bomb threat to the Walmart store situated in Dymond Township resulted in an evacuation and search of the store on Friday, police say.  Members of the Temiskaming Detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) attended immediately and assisted with evacuating the store shortly before 8 p.m.. "A thorough search was conducted, and nothing suspicious was located," say police. The Temiskaming Crime Unit is assisting with this ongoing investigation.  Anyone with information is urged to contact the OPP at 1-888-310-1122 or if you wish to remain anonymous, you may call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), where you may be eligible to receive a cash reward of up to $2,000.  See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text Comments More OPP Beat Wednesday, November 2, 2016 Thursday, October 27, 2016 Monday, October 17, 2016 Visit our homepage > Local Local News More Local Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather Random Acts of Kindness NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive Columns Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat Weekend Trippin' Financial Literacy Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Today in History Comics Hockey Pool Shop Local Flyers About Advertising Terms of Service Privacy About Contact Village Media Visit our network of sites: BarrieToday.com BayToday.ca GuelphToday.com SooToday.com TimminsToday.com Partner sites: Sudbury.com TBNewsWatch.com Manitoulin.ca Local Xpress © 2016 BayToday.ca
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » Opinion Salt Lake City 52 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 13, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion NOV 13, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 52 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Leonid Bershidsky: Arkansas is pleased to forget Hillary Clinton By Leonid Bershidsky Bloomberg View First Published Oct 17 2016 05:45PM    •    Last Updated Oct 17 2016 05:45 pm | Courtesy Leonard Bershidsky | Courtesy Leonard Bershidsky Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Forty-one years ago, 14 people gathered in a small room on California Boulevard in Fayetteville, Arkansas, for the wedding of an aspiring local politician and his law school sweetheart from up north. The bride was wearing a $53 dress bought at a local mall, the groom the same suit in which he'd been seen in TV commercials when he ran unsuccessfully for U.S. Congress. He only owned one other suit. The bride wanted a small, private ceremony and got it. The groom favored a big reception for his many friends, but there was no room for it in the house or its tiny yard. Ann Henry, a law professor at the University of Arkansas and a Democratic Party activist, volunteered her two-acre property for it. "Could I have ever imagined I'd be hosting a wedding for a U.S. president, a senator, a governor and a secretary of state, and perhaps another president — and they were the same two people?" Henry says now. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The street on which Bill Clinton bought the $22,000 house in 1975 to persuade Hillary Rodham finally to marry him is now named after him, and so is an avenue in Little Rock. The airport in the state capital bears both spouses' names. A glittering Clinton Center, which houses the presidential library, is teeming with visitors. And yet Arkansas will be voting overwhelmingly for Donald Trump, not for Hillary Rodham Clinton, on Nov. 8. As an outsider, this struck me as profoundly strange. It would be unthinkable for, say, German Chancellor Angela Merkel to lose her long-time constituency in West Pomerania. I set out to find out why. The Clintons still have close friends in Arkansas, so I started with them. Skip Rutherford, dean of the Clinton School of Public Service in Little Rock, responded in part by ticking off Clinton projects that were still going strong: Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families, the neonatal-intensive-care unit at the Arkansas Children's Hospital, a project to help poor parents with preschool youngsters and the Arkansas Single Parent Scholarship Fund, and more. That these initiatives are still alive and expanding is a testament to Hillary Clinton's doggedness and ability to build working structures rather than Potemkin villages, he said. And yet these achievements haven't endeared her to most Arkansans. "If you go to a Walmart and ask ordinary Arkansans, they won't name a single one of these," says Rex Nelson, senior vice president at Simmons Bank in Little Rock who worked for many years as policy and communications director for former Gov. Mike Huckabee, a Republican presidential contender in 2012 and 2016. I tried asking random people I met in Arkansas about Hillary Clinton's legacy; indeed, they drew a blank. Only her educational reform efforts sounded vaguely familiar to some. Clinton's achievements in Arkansas are, admittedly, 25 to 30 years old, which means almost half the state's voting-age population isn't old enough to remember what she did when she lived here. That might not have been a problem had the local Democratic Party been around to remind them. It wasn't. Until the mid-1990s, Arkansas was thoroughly Democratic. Now, it's largely Republican, for all the well-documented demographic, economic and social reasons. Interestingly, Arkansas was the last of the southern states to turn red, which made me wonder why Hillary Clinton didn't have more support. Democrats and Republicans alike told me this was largely personality-based: Democratic politicians such as former Sen. David Pryor and Bill Clinton held the fort as their party's defenses crumbled elsewhere. "Democratic politicians in this state developed a technique that worked for them," says Bradley Gitz, William J. Clinton Professor of International Politics at Lyon College in Batesville. "They voted as the increasingly liberal party expected in Washington, then they came back here and packaged themselves as moderates or conservatives." That was a tough balancing act to pull off, requiring politicians uncommonly talented on a "retail" level. As Nelson told me, "It's a small state, and our politics are personality dominated." Bill Clinton's genius at personalized politics is still a force in Arkansas. "He's just about the only Democrat who would stand a chance" if he ran today, says Gitz. This fall, Hillary Clinton hasn't campaigned in the state that was her home for 18 years — on the one hand, a pragmatic decision, on the other, a reflection of a troubled relationship. Unlike her husband, who, Rutherford says, comes home almost every month, Hillary has rarely appeared, and there are reasons for that. Rutherford argues that Hillary Clinton's expected weakness has nothing to do with her legacy or her personality. "She cannot carry Arkansas any more than Ronald Reagan could carry California today," he says. "American politics have changed." It's probably more complicated than that, though. "Bill was one of us, born and raised," says Nelson. "But Arkansas never really embraced Hillary." In Hillary's progressivism, Gitz says, Arkansans saw contempt. Throughout her time in the state, she failed to overcome this perception because she lacked her husband's political gifts. "Bill is perhaps a nine-plus on a 10-point scale as a retail politician," Nelson says. "She's a two or a three." Hillary wasn't standoffish, her friends say. She traveled throughout the state's 65 counties to do her homework for the education reform — but where her husband talked, she mostly listened. "She's not a chit-chatter," Henry says. Her failure to connect was — and perhaps remains — a far bigger problem than any of the Clinton scandals. "Bill was at the center of these scandals and he remained well-liked," Nelson points out. Hillary was not so lucky. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR OPINION Steven Pearlstein: Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare George Pyle: By backing Trump, after all, Mormons blow their moral lead Leon Wieseltier: Stay angry, America Garrison Keillor: Done. Over. He's here. Goodbye. Letter: Has Chaffetz no sense of decency? Bagley cartoon: Great Wall of Trump ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists World News Home You mag Event Books Food Promos Mail Shop Bingo Blogs IPhone App Property Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad MY BIZ: Flipkart and Amazon offer hefty discounts on clothes and iPhones in fight for the biggest piece of India's e-commerce pie The Big 2 e-commerce rivals, Flipkart and Amazon, kicked off their second festive sale Amazon's offer Apple iPhone 6s 64GB at a discounted price of Rs 46,000, as against the market price of Rs 54,000 See more news from India at www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome By Mail Today Bureau Published: 19:29 EST, 17 October 2016 | Updated: 19:29 EST, 17 October 2016 e-mail View comments Flipkart and Amazon kicked off their second festive sale on Monday with an ad blitz announcing hefty discounts. Amazon in its four-day sale offered mobile handsets such as Apple iPhone 6s 64GB at a discounted price of Rs 46,000, which it claimed was significantly lower than the market price of Rs 54,000.  Similarly a Moto X Force was being sold at Rs 25,000, down from the market price of Rs 35,000.  Flipkart and Amazon, kicked off their second festive sale for October. Pictured Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Wearables and mobile accessories were also on offer at discounts ranging from 20% to 40%.  Electronics such as TVs and cameras were also available at a 30% discounts while as much 60% was off on kids clothing.  Flipkart which has launched a three-day sale from October 17 to 19 was offering 60% off clothing and 50 to 70% discounts on shoes.  The online shopping portals are giving huge discounts on iphone, watches, backpacks, sky-bags and sunglasses  The discount on goods such as watches, backpacks, sky-bags and sunglasses was even higher at 50 to 80%.  The two companies along with Gurgaon-based Snapdeal have been slugging it out for a greater share of the Indian e-commerce pie.  The earlier sale, a fortnight ago, had seen frenzied buying by consumers on all e-commerce platforms following which a spat had broken between home grown Flipkart and the Indian arm of US giant Amazon with each claiming to have notched up bigger sales. The debate was triggered by Redseer Consulting saying that the festive sale had generated $ 1.2 billion for e-commerce companies, but Flipkart may have outperformed Amazon to consolidate its top position.  Flipkart is reported to be in talks with US-based retail giant Walmart, among others, to raise fresh funds of up to $1 billion “After the slowdown in the first six months, the festival sale was to be a green patch. This has been a bumper sale and Flipkart’s execution has been much stronger and it is evident,” Anil Kumar, founder and chief executive of RedSeer Consulting had said.  However, Jeff Bezos-led Amazon had dismissed the RedSeer claim as “directionally off and false”.  Both Flipkart and Snapdeal have seen a markdown in their values and it is becoming increasingly difficult to raise fresh funding as investors are keen that they generate profits.  Both companies are keen to increase sales in order to drive up valuations ad present a rosy growth-oriented picture.  Flipkart is reported to be in talks with US-based retail giant Walmart, among others, to raise fresh funds of up to $1 billion.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Inside Amazon's secret DRONE lab: Internet shopping giant is... Swadesi Railways: Baba Ramdev’s Patanjali and Hindustan... Wal-Mart in talks to buy stake in Indian 'unicorn' Flipkart... Indian Railways unites with Amazon to 'sell' Kashmiri... Share this article Share Since he took over CEO in January, Binny Bansal has gone back to Flipkart’s original premise of superior customer service, while cutting costs, consolidating sellers and improving logistics to reach buyers more quickly.  A Morgan Stanley managed mutual fund has slashed the valuation of Flipkart by 15.5 per cent to USD 9.39 billion.  The mark down in May came close on the heels of similar scaling down in the valuation of the leading e-commerce major by a number of investors like Fidelity Investments and T Rowe Price.  Morgan Stanley is a minority but significant investor in Flipkart.  This was the second devaluation in three months bringing down the value of the e-commerce major by 38% from its peak in June 2015 at USD 15.2 billion.  Amazon, which has committed $5 billion for the Indian market, is reported to have been growing at over 100 per cent a month in a market that has slowed in the past six months.   Read more: India News - Latest Headlines, Pictures and Videos | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  297 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Full access FAQ Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today A good deal of sunshine. High around 60F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Low 42F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Buy Now Mike Stocker, Sun-Sentinel Hillary Clinton poses for photos after a speech at Miami Dade College in Kendall with former Vice President Al Gore. The two discussed climate change as well as the upcoming election. featured President Hillary Clinton’s America: Tax hikes for the rich, bigger government, cheaper college Anita Kumar and David Goldstein McClatchy Washington Bureau MARC WEHRS Oct 23, 2016 11 Buy Now Mike Stocker, Sun-Sentinel Hillary Clinton poses for photos after a speech at Miami Dade College in Kendall with former Vice President Al Gore. The two discussed climate change as well as the upcoming election. WASHINGTON (TNS) — The cooks at Chipotle are making more. Construction workers have more jobs repairing bridges and roads all over the country. Immigrants here illegally walk down the street without fear of deportation. Poor women get abortions paid for by the taxpayers. Gays and transgender people have more rights and opportunities. At the same time, there are fewer jobs like those at Chipotle. Some big businesses such as energy giant Exxon Mobil are paying billions more in taxe More tax revenue, cheaper college, bigger government s. And the wealthy are paying more in taxes, often a lot more. Welcome to President Hillary Clinton’s America. She wouldn’t get everything she wants, of course. But if she did, this is how her 2016 promises would pan out for people in four years — based on independent analyses of her policies in areas including taxes, wages, trade, health care, immigration and abortion rights. Here’s a snapshot of the nation after another four years with Clinton at the helm. Paychecks Construction sites are humming across the country, with new workers in bulldozers, cranes and other heavy equipment repairing long-neglected highways and bridges, modernizing airports and refurbishing dams and levees. They started after Clinton in her first 100 days won approval of a $275 billion overhaul of America’s infrastructure, the centerpiece of her jobs plan. Those at the bottom are making a little more money. The cook grilling chicken at Chipotle, the cashier scanning groceries at Wal-Mart, even the EMT responding to 911 calls all are making at least $12 per hour, up from $7.25 per hour when Clinton took office. There are, however, fewer of those jobs. With or without those minimum wage jobs, students looking for a leg up now attend community college for free. And those with family incomes up to $125,000 will be able to attend public colleges and universities for free in 2021. For those still carrying college loans, interest rates are lower after Clinton allowed borrowers with outstanding debt to refinance their loans at current rates, provided help to delinquent borrowers and established a three-month suspension on all federal student loan payments to help borrowers get their affairs in order Taxes The wealthy are paying more. Those in the top 1 percent — making more than $730,000 — pay an additional $78,000 in taxes. The 116,000 U.S. households making $1 million a year each now pay an average of $176,000 more in federal income taxes. That’s the result of Clinton’s push for a minimum tax rate of 30 percent for them, according to a 2015 estimate by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, a joint program of the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution. Families making $5 million or more also are paying a surcharge of 4 percent. according to an analysis of her plans by the Tax Policy Center. Death is no escape for the wealthy. The estate tax is higher, and it applies to more estates. A typical American family, though, still owes about the same in federal taxes that it did in 2016. That’s about $1,750 for an average family of four with a yearly income of $60,000, according to Roberton Williams, a fellow at the Tax Policy Center. “The average tax change for the lowest- and middle-income households — we’re talking about households making less than $140,000 — would barely change,” said Howard Gleckman, a Tax Policy Center senior fellow who edits TaxVox, its fiscal policy blog. The fossil fuels industry took a hit, too. Giants such as Exxon Mobil, Chevron and Occidental as well as others lost $4.7 billion-a-year’s worth of tax breaks that they had longed enjoyed. Health care Consumers and small businesses now have a public option — a federal health care plan — as one of their choices among the private insurance plans available through the Affordable Care Act marketplace and other avenues. Additionally, a migrant agricultural worker in California’s Central Valley and others here without legal documentation — a groundskeeper in Florida or domestic worker in North Carolina — can get medical insurance through the health care law. Consumers no longer face big increases in prescription drugs that are covered by Medicare; Clinton capped prices. Abortion Women still can get abortions without restrictions and Planned Parenthood clinics remain open. More than that, poor women for the first time now can get abortions paid for by Medicaid. Clinton had pledged to repeal the Hyde Amendment, which had prohibited the use of taxpayer money for abortions since 1976. Immigration Immigrants in the U.S. illegally no longer fear deportation after she greatly reduced the numbers being sent back home. Surpassing her predecessor, Clinton stopped the deportation of parents of Dreamers — children brought into the country illegally — and parents of Americans and lawful residents. She also stopped deportations of immigrants with histories of service to their communities or who had experienced extreme labor violations, children and teenagers, and those who’d recently arrived in this country. Instead, she spent money on detaining and deporting violent offenders. A massive rewrite of the nation’s immigration laws is now providing a pathway to legal status or citizenship for millions who came to the U.S. illegally. Security at the southern border is bolstered and a backlog in those wanting visas eliminated. “Hillary Clinton will set a much needed tone of acceptance and pride,” said Angela Kelley, a, expert on immigration and senior vice president at the Center for American Progress, a left-leaning think tank. Sexual orientation and identity Gay, lesbian and transgender Americans have greater rights and opportunities after Clinton pushed several bills through Congress. Clinton signed the Equality Act amending the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to include banning discrimination based on age, gender, sexual orientation, marriage, disability and more. “I think you would see more and more religious liberties curtailed,” said Gary Bauer, the president of American Values, a nonprofit group opposed to abortion rights. “I think you would see more and more intrusions on religious institutions.” Gay teenagers are more welcome at homeless shelters. Police officers are trained to be more sensitive in their interactions with LGBT people. Counselors are forbidden from using so-called conversion therapies. For the first time, Americans are being asked to answer questions on sexual orientation and gender identity on census forms. Transgender Americans are more easily able to change their gender on identification documents. Virtually no child is being born with HIV, the risk of becoming infected is far lower and those who do become infected receive the needed treatment to prevent them from developing AIDS. Lesley Clark, Michael Doyle and William Douglas contributed to this report. Tags Hillary Clinton American Chevron Exxon Mobil Job Deportation Immigrant MARC WEHRS Follow MARC WEHRS Close Get email notifications on MARC WEHRS daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever MARC WEHRS posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow MARC WEHRS Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (11) comments (11) comments Al Webb Oct 25, 2016 1:20pm Rob from the rich and give to the poor; the corrupt Hillary way. Raid the rainy day fund which may fix a financial need but where does nothing for a rainy day. Hillary is a corrupt deceitful person; not one to be trusted with the nation's piggy bank. Report Add Reply tower Oct 24, 2016 2:31pm screen name, spoken like a true conservative. "Won't benefit me, skrew it". I bet if we're just under the line you would would be one of the first to sign up. What a turkey. Report Add Reply lostinparadize Oct 24, 2016 7:27pm Tower it's called taking advantage of every legal and I stress the word legal allowance given under current law. What's wrong with that ? No different than people who have great wealth in assets getting subsidized health care insurance because the ACA based eligibility on "income" not overall wealth. That was a smart move wasn't it? So,you quit one job for four years readjusting your lifestyle a bit to get under the threshold to take advantage of everything available under the current laws and regs. Sounds like a smart move to me. Because the big government folks in DC don't think these things through and put qualifiers on theses "freebies" is no reason to not take advantage. Report Add Reply Climatehoax Oct 23, 2016 8:59pm I'm glad she will force universities to lower professors pay to make college cheaper. But I suspect this is a lie from Hillary, as usual, I think she will actually make someone other than the beneficiary of the education pay for it. Typical lying and misleading from the gold standard bearer of lying. Report Add Reply screen name Oct 23, 2016 8:05pm "Cheaper college" is a complete lie. Taxpayers will be funding the cost of college. And the $125K maximum family income for "free" college will cause intended consequences. My wife and I are just over the limit. One of us would quit work or work part time to get tuition paid for our child to get under the limit. The govt. has to pay our child's college tuition for 4 years (which would be a great deal), and it loses the tax income from both of us working. When she graduates, both of us would work again. Report Add Reply Hey19 Oct 23, 2016 9:20pm Good points, screen name... Free college for 18-22 year-olds, or whomever gets it, isn't free. They'll just wind up paying for everybody else's "free" education when they enter the workforce and start paying taxes... Report Add Reply oldhomey Oct 23, 2016 10:19pm Sounds like how Trump would handle it. But of course there is a silver lining in the dark cloud you describe, screen name. Somebody else would get hired full time because you or your wife dropped out of your job. The job you or your wife leaves probably won't be open at the time of your child's college graduation, either. Perhaps you or your wife could then take advantage of free college for some job retraining to find full-time employment, again. Or you and your wife might sit down from the get-go and project the loss of income from dropping out of your career and discover that in the long haul you would be losing more money than you would by paying some of the college costs of your child. Report Add Reply Hey19 Oct 24, 2016 3:10pm Really, oldhomey? Sounds like how Trump would handle it? Decrease the amount of money a couple is earning; take a contributing member out of the workforce, so they can get free stuff (that the rest of us are paying for, by the way); and make them dependent upon the government? Sounds pretty liberal to me... Report Add Reply Machiavelli Oct 23, 2016 4:19pm [censored][censored][censored]Dirty Old Man Trump's policy positions are now irrelevant: Pervert Donald is just another sicko celeb on the verge of becoming all washed up. Disgusting Donald is dragging other Republicans down too—the GOP label is like having the word "$MUT" tattooed to your forehead. Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (POLL) Likely voters by a vast 69-24 percent disapprove of Trump’s response to questions about his treatment of women. Fifty-nine percent of likely voters, moreover, reject Trump’s suggestion that the election is rigged in Clinton’s favor, and more, 65 percent, disapprove of his refusal to say whether he’d accept a Clinton victory as legitimate. Most strongly disapprove, a relatively rare result. http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/clinton-vaults-double-digit-lead-boosted-broad-disapproval/story?id=42993821 Donald Trump Brags About Nonconsensually Groping Women In Newly Uncovered Recording Trump: "Grab them by the p_$$y. You can do anything." http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/10/07/donald-trump-brags-about-nonconsensually-groping-women-in-newly-uncovered-recording.html Report Add Reply Condor Kid Oct 23, 2016 2:56pm Donald wants to "bomb the s##t out of them"? I say, go Hillary and tax the s##t out of them! Report Add Reply CJ Oct 25, 2016 2:43pm You don't ever plan on passing any wealth to you kids then do you if you have that type of thinking....... Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Quick access to the news that matters most Get the latest news delivered to your inbox. Sign Up! Breaking News Receive news and emergency updates as soon as the stories unfold. Opinion Stay up to date on daily commentary and letters to the editor. Weather Expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather. Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Winona man shot in head Friday night; 1 arrested State Senate: Shilling lead shrinks to 56; recount still uncertain Donald Trump's victory completes eight-year political reversal in Wisconsin La Crosse man charged with sexual assault Catherine Rampell: Americans have voted for Trumpism. Let them have it. Business Directory Latest Local Offers Central States Investigation Agency, LLC Find A Lost Loved One or Friend from Your Past. Call Central States Investigations today 844-44P-INOW (844-447-4669). We Can Help. Free Consultations. Updated Nov 9, 2016 Rod's Ride On Powersports Did you know Rod's Ride On Powersports has a bargain section for parts and accessories? Click here to learn more! 608-788-4514 Updated Nov 9, 2016 ≫ today's question Does the United States give its president too much power? You voted: Yes No Undecided Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Nov 13 Capes4Kids Sewing Bee Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 12:00 pm Nov 13 Gary and The Ridgeland Dutchmen, dance Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 1:00 pm Nov 13 “Czech It Out: The Music of Janáček and Dvořák,” featuring the Artaria String Quartet and pianist Mary Ellen Haupert Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 3:00 pm Nov 13 "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 2:00 pm Nov 13 Second annual chili cook-off Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 11:00 am Nov 13 Trivia Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 6:00 pm Nov 13 Bingo Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 3:00 pm Nov 13 Makers Market Holiday Edition Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 1:00 pm Nov 13 The Sunday Blend Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 10:00 pm Nov 13 Five Finger Death Punch, Shinedown, Sixx: AM and As Lions Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 6:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event JOB BOARD VIEW ADS  > JOBS SENT TO YOUR EMAIL SEARCH ALL ADS Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Top Shots 137 4th Street South, La Crosse, WI 54601 La Crosse Archery 1231 Oak Forest Dr., Onalaska, WI 54650 American Waterworks Serving the Greater La Crosse Area Ads Home Federal Savings Bank La Crescent Serving La Crescent & Surrounding Areas, La Crescent, MN 55947 Ads Currents +23 Travel Destinations Photo Contest Spotlight: See some of your best photos of fall scenes +12 News Videos: Scenes from Election Day +16 Election 2016 Live Photos: Donald Trump wins the presidency Today’s top pics: Veterans Day observances and more Hallelujah - RIP Leonard Cohen Your daily 6: A final 'Hallelujah;' Hillary takes a hike Today's Birthdays, Nov. 11: Leonardo Dicaprio The Latest: Titans try onside kick to start game vs Packers Pesky peacocks pose problems for Newton's neighbors in Vegas Good vibes, no TV cameras make Governors Awards a hot ticket Justice Ginsburg trades robes for opera costume TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: President Obama marks final Veterans Day in office Video: Anger in the streets, transition in the capital Video: John Kerry is 1st secretary of state to visit all 7 continents Video: Quilting group embraces veterans with handmade tribute News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2016 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home Download News App Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee Good Day Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. CW20 News at 10:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team 48° F Clear Hi: 63° F Lo: 37° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Your Vote 2016 Latest Headlines Small Wildfire closes trails in Great Smoky Mountain National Park 5:51 pm The Great Smoky Mountain National Park officials have temporarily closed several trails near Chimney Tops Trail, due to a .25 acre wildfire … Tonight’s supermoon to be biggest, brightest in 68 years 5:27 pm Stargazers on Sunday night and into the pre-dawn hours of Monday morning will see the moon at its brightest since 1948. President-Elect Donald Trump announces Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff 4:41 pm Knoxville Fire Department sending firefighters to help with wildfires 9:09 pm Vols remain unranked in AP Top 25 Poll 2:25 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 48° F Clear Feels Like: 45° F Wind: WNW 6 Humidity: 58% Dewpoint: 34° F Sunrise: 7:10 AM Sunset: 5:28 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Day Tennessee Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. CW20 News at 10:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 48° F Clear Hi: 63° F Lo: 37° F Knoxville Halloween 2016: Parties, parades, haunted houses and more Halloween and fall events across East Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side staff Published: October 17, 2016, 5:00 pm Updated: October 25, 2016, 6:35 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) KNOXVILLE (WATE) – It’s that time of the year again, where costume-wearing is encouraged and haunted houses are no longer avoidable. In East Tennessee, Halloween parties are just about everywhere. Here are some of the most spooktacular events around the area: Saturday, October 22 West Town Mall Trick-Or-Treating Grab a broomstick and fly to West Town Mall to get in the spooky spirit with mall-wide trick-or-treating for the costumed candy-lovers from 5 p.m. – 8 p.m. In addition, shoppers can arrive at 4:30 p.m. in their most angelic or alarming fashions to register for Hot 104.5’s Hot-O-Ween costume contest taking place from 6 p.m. – 8 p.m. Please note that only children 12 and under are permitted to trick-or-treat or wear masks. No toy weapons are allowed, and costumes may only be worn during event hours. Adults participating in the costume contest are asked to only wear their masks in the event area and during the contest. Saturday, October 23 Howl-O-Ween Pooch Parade and Pet Expo The UT Gardens Knoxville is pleased to present their third annual Howl-O-Ween Pooch Parade and Pet Expo, a fun Halloween-themed event sponsored by the UT Gardens Knoxville and the College of Veterinary Medicine. The event is from 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p .m. It is free to attend, but their is a $15 fee for parade participants. This fun event with a spooky twist will include a judged costume parade with prizes, an expo of educational booths, pet businesses, and rescue groups, food trucks and more. The event will be held rain or shine. Saturday, October 28 Freaky Friday Fright Nite Superheroes, princesses, ghosts and goblins – get ready! The Town of Farragut will host the 20th annual Freaky Friday Fright Nite on Friday, Oct. 28 from 5 to 7 p.m. at Mayor Bob Leonard Park on Watt Road. The event will provide a safe place for children to participate in Halloween activities while benefiting the Knoxville Ronald McDonald House. Children age 12 and under and in costume are invited to “trick or treat” around the walk trail at the park. Local businesses, community groups and Town volunteers will hand out the treats, provide games with prizes, assist with cookie decorating and serve refreshments. The Town has partnered with the Knoxville Ronald McDonald House each year of the event since 2000 in order to collect essential items that the House needs to continue day-to-day operations. The Ronald McDonald House provides a “home away from home” for families with critically ill children being served by area hospitals and depends on community donations to operate. Families are provided all services for a nominal fee or for free of charge if they are unable to pay. “What a wonderful opportunity to enjoy some family fun and to help those in need at the same time,” said Sue Beverly, Director of the Knoxville Ronald McDonald House. “All the donations that are collected during Freaky Friday for our Ronald McDonald House are so deeply appreciated and put to good use by the grateful residents of our ‘House that Love Built.'” While Freaky Friday Fright Nite is a free event, participants are asked to donate one or more of the following items for the House: household items including hand sanitizer, wet Swiffer mop pads, pump hand soap, paper plates, 8 oz. coffee cups, disposable bowls, paper towels, plastic forks and spoons, fabric softener, CFL light bulbs, Lysol spray, air freshener, trash bags (kitchen size, lawn & leaf size and 4 gallon for waste baskets); food items including breakfast bars, granola bars, brown sugar, powdered sugar, ketchup, mustard, mayo, bacon bits, BBQ sauce, individual packs of crackers and jars of gravy; office items including copy paper and postage stamps; and gift cards to Pilot, Home Depot, Walmart, Food City and Lowe’s. Cash donations will also be accepted. Collection stations will be located at two areas: next to the cookie decorating station and next to the entrance from the Harrison Road parking lot. TICA Halloween Cat Show The Volunteer Cat Club presents Halloween cat show in the Hills at the Smokey Mountain Convention Center, located at 4010 Parkway in Pigeon Forge. Watch regional and international cat competition winners compete. There will also be candy for the kids. The cost is $3 for children and $6 for adults. Saturday, October 29 Boo at the Barn Horse Haven of Tennessee invites the entire family to Boo at the Barn. Enjoy games, ride a carousel, join the lollipop trott and if you dare, enter the “Barn of Terror.” Organizers say there will be smores galore. The event is from 3:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Come in costume to 2417 Regan Road in Knoxville. Admission is $10 per car load. Tennessee Theatre ‘Costumes and Classic Cartoons’ free open house ‘Costumes and Classic Cartoons’ open house (Tennessee Theatre) The Tennessee Theatre invites families and children to wear their best family-friendly costumes and enjoy the free ‘Costumes and Classic Cartoons Open House’ on Saturday, October 29, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Families will enjoy Looney Tunes classic cartoons on the Tennessee’s screen, Mighty Wurlitzer organ music, self-guided dressing room tours, face painting and old-fashioned candy provided by Mast General Store. The Tennessee Theatre open house series is sponsored by McCarty Holsaple McCarty. “At last year’s event, many of the children who came through our doors were experiencing the grandeur of the Tennessee Theatre for the first time,” Tennessee Theatre Executive Director Becky Hancock said. “This daytime event is a great way to introduce the next generation to our beautiful venue, as well as honor our theater’s long tradition of daytime children’s clubs. I am excited to be able to open our doors for Halloween family fun this fall.” During the open house, a short reel of Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoons will be shown at intervals between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. Each screening will be introduced with organ music played by house organist Bill Snyder on the Mighty Wurlitzer. In between screenings, the dressing room areas will be open to the public for self-guided tours, and face painting and Mast General Store will be handing out old-fashioned candy at stations throughout the lobby and foyers. Popcorn, soda, candy and other basic concessions will be available for purchase, as well as gift shop items, with all proceeds going to the Historic Tennessee Theatre Foundation. Children ages 12 and under are invited to come dressed in festive Halloween costumes. The Theatre requests that costumes be family-friendly and not scary. Toy weapons will not be permitted. Ijams Sugar Skull Halloween Project Sugar Skull (Ijams) Halloween is almost here and what better way to celebrate that creating your own sugar skull? Join Ijams Nature Center at 2:00 p.m. and 3 p.m. with artist Jackie Hardin for Sugar Skull classes. Learn a little about the history of the Day of the Dead and make a sugar skull for your own celebration. The class fee is $12.00. Call 865-577-4717 ext.110 to register. Make sure to specify which class time you want. Sunday, October 30 FEATURED: Star 102.1 Trick-Or-Treat Trail Safe and free trick-or-treating for all kids 12 and under and a costume contest at the Knoxville Civic Coliseum Pavilion. Costume contests for 3 different age groups for great prizes starting at 1 pm. Trick or Treat Trail open 2-4 pm. Free parking across the street. Ijams Harvest Festival Harvest time is here and Ijams wants families to celebrate. Visit Ijams Nature Park from 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. to enjoy storytelling, hikes, vendor marketplace, kids crafts, pumpkin patch, festive foods and more. Cost is $7 for adults, $3 for kids ages 4-12, kids 3 and under are free. The whole family rate is $20. Fall Festival at 1st Fall is in the air and at 1st United Methodist Church anticipation is building for what is one of the biggest events of the year. More than a thousand people from the community are expected to come and enjoy a couple of hours of trunk-or-treating, jumping on inflatables, eating popcorn and hot dogs, getting faces painted, and much more. Since it is the Halloween season, you are certainly welcome to come dressed in costume . This event is FREE, but this year the church is asking everyone to bring canned goods for “admission.”  All the food collected will be taken to the Blount County Food Connection.  For more information visit www.1stchurch.org. Monday, October 31 Knoxville Center Mall Wide Trick or Treating & Costume Contest Mall wide trick or treating will occur from 5:30 to 8:00 p.m.at Knoxville Center Mall. Participating stores will have a pumpkin posted in their window. The mall will also have a costume contest at center court for children 12 and under. The winner will receive a prize. Trick-or-treating is only available for children 12 and under. Costumers should only be worn during event hours. No toy weapons allowed.  Mall Management reserves the right to allow or deny exceptions. Holyween 2016 Come get your praise on, grab some treats and have a good time at World for Christ Church. The event is from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. at 4611 Central Avenue Pike in Knoxville. Halloween Safety Tips Avoid trick-or-treating alone. Walk in groups or with a trusted adult. Follow your children around, whether they like it or not. When the children knock on the door to get a treat, stand behind them on the porch. That way the kids are free to enjoy themselves, and the person opening the door can clearly see an adult is caring for these children. Fasten reflective tape to costumes and bags to help drivers see you. Purchase or make costumes that are light, bright and clearly visible to motorists. Hold a flashlight while trick-or-treating to help you see and others see you. Always WALK and don’t run from house to house. Look both ways before crossing the street. Use established crosswalks wherever possible. Never walk near lit jack o’lanterns, candles or luminaries. Be sure to wear flame-resistant costumes. Costumes should fit well and not drag on the ground to guard against trips and falls. Children should wear well-fitting, sturdy shoes. Oversized high heels are not a good idea. Examine all treats for choking hazards and tampering before eating them. Limit the amount of treats you eat. Tie hats and scarves securely to prevent them from slipping over children’s eyes and obstructing vision. If your child wears a mask, make sure it fits securely, provides adequate ventilation, and has eye holes large enough to allow full vision. Swords, knives and similar costume accessories should be made of soft, flexible material. Eat only factory-wrapped treats. Avoid eating homemade treats made by strangers. We recommend adults remain present and just as vigilant at sponsored Halloween events. Provide each child with a wristband with your name and cell phone number. Or, write this information on a piece of paper and place it in each child’s pocket. Remove obstacles from lawns, steps and porches when expecting trick-or-treaters. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Things to do in East Tennessee: October 21-23 Things to do in East Tennessee: October 28-30 Knoxville Ice Bears host ‘Stick or Treat’ Ways to save money on last-minute Halloween decor, costumes Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Young Broadcasting of Knoxville, Inc. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Edgefield County car chase suspect captured - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Edgefield County car chase suspect captured 2016-10-17T17:17:36Z2016-10-17T22:13:18Z By J. Bryan Randall, Digital Content Manager Email Connect jrandall@wfxg.com Follow @JBRandallWFXG Darin Montgomery (Edgefield County Detention Center) AIKEN COUNTY, SC (WFXG) - A chase that began in North Augusta Monday afternoon ended with the suspect abandoning the vehicle. According to Capt. Eric Abdullah with the Aiken County Sheriff's Office, the chase began on Hwy. 25 in front of Walmart when a deputy spotted a 2015 Acura that had been reported stolen by the car's on-board computer, a system similar to On-Star. The pursuit led into Edgefield County. The suspect wrecked the vehicle in the woods near Rainbow Falls Road and took off on foot. Deputies were able to find the suspect, now identified as Darin Montgomery. He is currently being held at the Edgefield County Detention Center. Copyright 2016 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> 2016 General Election Results 2016 General Election Results Below, you will find the results from the 2016 General Election which will decide, among many other things, the next president of the United States. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. and results will update every five minutes. More >> Below, you will find the results from the 2016 General Election which will decide, among many other things, the next president of the United States. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. and results will update every five minutes.More >> Morning Motivation: Today is a new day! Morning Motivation: Today is a new day! Updated: Tuesday, November 1 2016 11:13 PM EDT2016-11-02 03:13:07 GMT So many of us wake up carrying the burdens of the day before. I am here to tell you - it's a new day. More >> So many of us wake up carrying the burdens of the day before. I am here to tell you - it's a new day.More >> Columbia County Fair canceled Sunday Columbia County Fair canceled Sunday Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 8:39 PM EST2016-11-14 01:39:41 GMT Columbia County Fair (Source: WFXG) The Merchants Association of Columbia County has announced that the Columbia County Fair will be canceled on Sunday, November 13. Sunday was the last scheduled day of the fair this year. More >> The Merchants Association of Columbia County has announced that the Columbia County Fair will be canceled on Sunday, November 13. Sunday was the last scheduled day of the fair this year. More >> New Ellenton woman dead after weekend crash New Ellenton woman dead after weekend crash Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 8:12 PM EST2016-11-14 01:12:25 GMT Source: WFXG A one vehicle crash near New Ellenton has left one woman dead. The Aiken County Coroner says a 2006 Toyota Tundra with two people in it was driving south on Woodland Drive when the driver ran off the roadway, overcorrected, and struck a large tree on the passenger side of the vehicle.   More >> A one vehicle crash near New Ellenton has left one woman dead. The Aiken County Coroner says a 2006 Toyota Tundra with two people in it was driving south on Woodland Drive when the driver ran off the roadway, overcorrected, and struck a large tree on the passenger side of the vehicle.  More >> Single-vehicle crash causes woman to be ejected through window Single-vehicle crash causes woman to be ejected through window Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 4:43 PM EST2016-11-13 21:43:22 GMT Aiken County Crash (Source: WFXG) The Center Fire Department says a single-vehicle crash on Wire Road and Camp Long road has caused a woman to be ejected through the back window. The Fire Department says the crash happened at around 3:20 pm.  More >> The Center Fire Department says a single-vehicle crash on Wire Road and Camp Long road has caused a woman to be ejected through the back window. The Fire Department says the crash happened at around 3:20 pm. More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
null
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 3716 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Chipotle coming to Ashland's east side The new restaurant could pave the way for a proposed new retail strip on U.S. 250 at the former Carter Lumber site. Post to Facebook Chipotle coming to Ashland's east side The new restaurant could pave the way for a proposed new retail strip on U.S. 250 at the former Carter Lumber site.  Check out this story on mansfieldnewsjournal.com: http://ohne.ws/2eKn71f {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Chipotle coming to Ashland's east side Courtney Day , Reporter 3:49 p.m. EDT October 17, 2016 Chipotle logo (Photo: Provided) ASHLAND - A building plan has been approved for a Chipotle Mexican Grill location in Ashland, paving the way for a proposed new retail strip on the city's east side. The fast-food casual restaurant is to be constructed in a new retail strip at 1988 E. Main St. on the former Carter Lumber property near Walmart. According to the website of developer Meridian Realty Capital, Chipotle will be located in a new strip called Ashland Commons, which eventually could contain 39,240 square feet of retail space. The developer is planning to do the construction in phases, City Engineer Shane Kremser said. The plan and timeline for each phase of the project depend on how many lessees sign on, Kremser said, adding the first phase that contains the Chipotle restaurant is likely to begin soon. The Richland County Department of Building Regulations received an application for a 12,740-square-foot shell building for mixed-use tenants Sept. 14, and the plans were approved Oct. 13. The planned cost of that project is $1,688,000. A building plan application for interior alterations on a 5,624-square-foot portion of the shell building for a Chipotle Mexican Grill was received Sept. 19 and approved Oct. 11. The Chipotle plan calls for $300,000 worth of interior alterations, along with an exterior patio railing and a pole light. Both plans previously were approved by the city's building and zoning department. Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2eKn71f TOP VIDEOS OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:27 Saturday is "payday" for Buckeyes 0:33 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:33 What changed for OSU? 0:20 Lexington at Clyde football 3:11 Lexington wins 0:14 Sleep-Out for the Homeless fundraiser 1:24 Big catch for Buckeyes 0:31 Every week's a dogfight 0:21 Is Samuel being used right? 0:20 Defending his offense 1:10 Halloween parade 0:42 Road to Wrestling: The Tryout 3:35 MANCI Cattle Auction 2:52 Road to Wrestling: Day 40 0:47 Mansfield police mentoring kids at Friendly House 2:25 Make A Difference Day Food Drive 2:49 Butler Apple Festival 2:12 Lillith recovering from being shot 1:52 OSU's Raekwon McMillan 0:38 OSU's Parris Campbell 0:19 Ohio State DB Marshon Lattimore 0:17 Big Guns 20: William vs. Odom 0:53 Big Guns 20: White vs. Johnson 0:30 Big Guns 20: Cody Stevens vs. John De Jesus Highlights 2:59 Road to Wrestling: Day 27 3:25 So much depth at OSU 0:19 Buckeyes act like underdogs 0:23 OSU: competition at WR 0:31 Final Horn Week 6 6:49 Lt. Col. Albert Allen Jr. honored 2:40 Is OSU the Buckeyes' toughest foe? 0:29 OSU receiver Terry McLaurin 0:14 Buckeyes OC Ed Warinner 0:39 OSU quarterbacks coach Tim Beck 0:36 TYQUAN LEWIS, CHRIS WORLEY 0:30 OSU RUNNING BACKS COACH TONY ALFORD 0:48 Road to Wrestling: Day 16 7:22 OSU defensive end Tyquan Lewis 0:37 OSU linebacker Chris Worley 0:36 J.T. Barrett 0:30 Final Horn Week 5 3:17 Grate arraignment 3:33 Ashland County Fair opens 0:47 Final Horn Week 4 4:21 The key to beating the Sooners 0:26 Ready to go in Norman? 0:52 Multi-vehicle crash downtown 1:23 OSU defensive end Sam Hubbard 0:33 OSU linebacker Raekwon McMillan 0:22 OSU coach Greg Schiano 0:29 Growing pains for OSU O-line 0:32 Ashland 911 tape excerpts 1:07 Human remains found in Richland and Ashland counties 0:47 OSU coordinator Greg Schiano 0:29 OSU quarterback J.T Barrett 0:25 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:32 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:41 Road to Wrestling: Day 1 1:02 Hi-Point Fire Arms 1:22 Mickey Gall addresses the media after defeating CM Punk at UFC 203 3:03 Stipe Miocic UFC 203 post-fight press conference at UFC 203 3:06 CM Punk post-fight interview at UFC 203 2:57 Final Horn Week 3: Shelby 41 Clear Fork 18 3:23 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:15 No touchdowns allowed 0:34 Good hands people 0:30 OSU secondary coach Kerry Coombs 0:27 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:07 UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic meets Alistair Overeem at the UFC 203 press conference 0:10 Fabricio Werdum and Travis Browne exchange words at the UFC 203 press conference. 0:20 CM Punk and Mickey Gall face off 0:19 OSU tailback Mike Weber 0:13 OSU guard Billy Price 0:29 Quick Hits: Brandon Myers scores on 6-yard pass against Canton McKinley 0:13 Final Horn Week 2: Mckinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37 3:39 Final Horn: Week 2 (McKinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37) 3:56 AU quarterback Travis Tarnowski 0:28 AU head coach Lee Owens 0:49 AU tight end Adam Shaheen 0:15 AU defensive end Austin Utter 0:17 AU tailback Vance Settlemire 0:20 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:43 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:31 OSU guard Billy Price 0:31 OSUM NCSC Involvement and Community Fair 1:44 Paramedic discusses overdoses 2:10 Richland County Law Enforcement Appreciation Night 1:11 Mid-Ohio Bikers 0:48 Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over 0:57 Noah Brown at OSU Media Day 0:24 J.T. Barrett at OSU Media Day 1:41 Mike Weber at OSU Media Day 0:19 Mansfield veteran's van stolen, recovered 0:44 Cleanup begins after wind damage south of Lexington 1:32 Richland County Junior Fair 1:33 Veterans Honor Ground 0:38 Sights and sounds at the fair 1:03 Sheriff Press Conference over incident at Music Festival 2:42 Malabar Farm Sunday Drive Car Show 0:44 More Stories Football: Lexington vs. Sandusky Nov. 12, 2016, 10:47 p.m. Police Calls | Pair robbed at gunpoint Nov. 12, 2016, 6:33 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 13, 2016, 8:45 a.m. Police Calls | Pair robbed at gunpoint Nov. 12, 2016, 6:33 p.m.
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Image: Flickr/けんたま/KENTAMA Ontario Might Temporarily Ban Nestlé from Taking Water Because of Climate Change Written by Jordan Pearson Staff Writer (Canada) October 17, 2016 // 02:59 PM EST Copy This URL Ontario is rich in freshwater, ripe for the taking by private companies that want to bottle it and sell it for profit. But the pressures of climate change mean this won’t be true forever. Now, the provincial government is planning to step in and introduce new water-taking regulations that address our environmental reality. The province is set to propose a temporary ban on any new water bottling operations while it firms up stricter rules for companies like Nestlé that pump water from the ground. The company pays a measly $3.71 CAD per every million litres it removes. (At Walmart, a 24-pack of 500 ml Nestlé bottles sells for $3.47.) One reason for the proposed ban, as reported by the Canadian Press (CP), is both heartening from an environmental perspective, and utterly dystopian: the government has its eye on climate change, and the increased risk of drought it presents. Read More: Canada Isn't Ready for Future Climate Disasters, Watchdog Says According to the CP report, which cites sources familiar with the matter, the Ontario Liberals will make it mandatory to reduce the amount of water taken in drought-stricken areas, and will require scientific studies on the environmental effects of any new water-taking activities. These proposed measures are designed to fit within the government’s larger push to address and combat the risks posed by climate change, CP notes. “We are fully supportive and share the Ontario Government’s commitment to protecting water resources,” said Debbie Moore, President of Nestlé Waters Canada, in a statement. “Through investment in an industry-leading monitoring program over the last 15 years in Aberfoyle and Erin, we have been sharing information with the government and local community. We will continue to offer this science and transparent data to all stakeholders that share our commitment to water sustainability and conservation throughout this process.” Climate change, which is drying out some parts of the country while threatening to send others beneath the waves, is hitting Canada hard. The wildfires in Fort McMurray, Alberta that began in May caused mass evacuations and were declared under control two months later, in July. The incredible longevity of the fires, which consumed thousands of homes, was partly attributed to dry conditions brought about by warmer temperatures. Experts agree that Canada will see more climate catastrophes in the near future, including some communities being displaced due to rising sea levels. Droughts and dry conditions will likely be among its other effects. Perhaps mindful of this, there’s been a massive public outcry against Nestlé’s water-pumping efforts, and even calls for a boycott. Reducing water pumping from drought-stricken areas isn’t new for Nestlé, which voluntarily did so when an Ontario community called Wellington County faced drought conditions earlier this year. In the past, however, Nestlé has fought attempts to stop its water-taking under conditions of severe drought. But if droughts become more common, or more severe, then Nestlé and similar companies will, presumably, have to significantly claw back their operations in Ontario. On the one hand, that the Ontario government is pegging its push for stricter rules on water to climate change is an unsettling look into our near future—but on the other, it’s encouraging to see the government address this existential threat. According to CP, there are no plans to immediately change the $3.71 fee for pumping one million litres of water from the ground to sell in bottles. Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter. UPDATE 10/17: This article has been updated with comment from Nestlé Canada. Topics: water wars, Canada, Nestle, ontario, Liberals, Ban, wellington county, bottled water, environment, climate change, climate, news Contact the author by email or Twitter. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Water Wars: Two Indian States Are Fighting for This River's Water The Farm Runoff Feedback Loop Is Turning Aquifers Radioactive How Trump Could Screw Up Justin Trudeau’s Climate Plans Time Is Running Out for Obama to Pass the TPP Before Trump is President Abolish Bottled Water Your Coffee Machine Is a Breeding Ground for Caffeine-Resistant Bacteria Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
null
');//--> } Home Wealth Management Speaking Book Contact 10 Monday AM Reads October 17, 2016 7:27am by Barry Ritholtz Back to work! Make sure you are prepped with our morning train reads: • How Wal-Mart May Revive U.S. Productivity — And Its Own Fortunes (Investor’s Business Daily) • John Maynard Keynes: Courage Is the Key to Investing (MoneyBeat) • Weibo — the Twitter of China — is adding users 10 times as fast (Vice) • Avoiding Stupidity is Easier than Seeking Brilliance (Farnam Street) • Barack Obama: Now Is the Greatest Time to Be Alive (Wired) Be sure to check out our Masters in Business interview this weekend with Arun Sundararajan, professor at NYU’s Stern School of Business, and author of The Sharing Economy: The End of Employment and the Rise of Crowd-Based Capitalism. Continues here Want to receive our daily reads in your inbox? Sign up here! Spread the wealth. twitter facebook linkedin Read this next. August 14, 2016 10 Sunday AM Reads March 6, 2016 10 Sunday Reads October 16, 2016 10 Sunday Reads Posted Under Financial Press Previous Post The New Election Laws and the Suits Challenging Them Next Post The Long History of Long (10-year US Treasury) Yields About Barry Ritholtz Barry L. Ritholtz is the founder and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management. Launched in 2013, RWM is a financial... Read More Say Hello As Seen On Masters In Business Listen To My Podcast on iTunes Bloomberg View See My Bloomberg View Posts The Washington Post Read My Washington Posts Columns Bailout Nation How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy Learn More... Search for: Quote of the Day Gray Davis 1942 - We’ll have a public power authority, which will also have the ability to build power or finance power. And more importantly, we’ll have more power than our economy provides. All of that will give us leverage we don’t have today. Quotes via Quotery Sign Up for My Newsletter Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks. Subscribe Categories Categories Select Category 401(k)  (33) Analysts  (29) Apprenticed Investor  (127) Asset Allocation  (69) Bad Math  (34) Bailout Nation  (24) Bailouts  (100) Blog Spotlight  (30) Bloomberg View  (110) Books  (89) Bubbles  (2) Cognitive Foibles  (65) Commodities  (308) Consumer Spending  (219) Contrary Indicators  (65) Corporate Management  (326) Credit  (513) Crony Capitalists  (5) Currency  (128) Current Affairs  (124) Cycles  (45) Data Analysis  (741) Derivatives  (256) Digital Media  (513) Dividends  (9) Earnings  (192) Economy  (1,586) Employment  (330) Energy  (188) ETFs  (15) Favorite  (1) Federal Reserve  (640) Film  (187) Finance  (1,011) Financial Press  (1,218) Fixed Income/Interest Rates  (248) Food and Drink  (14) Friday Night Jazz  (78) Gold & Precious Metals  (24) Hedge Funds  (78) Humor  (178) Index/ETFs  (30) Inflation  (429) Intellectual Property  (40) Investing  (898) IPOs  (4) Legal  (113) M&A  (53) Markets  (1,441) Mathematics  (30) Media  (620) Music  (496) Mutual Funds  (15) Options  (6) Pension Funds  (3) Philanthropy  (4) Philosophy  (80) Podcast  (228) Politics  (715) Psychology  (1,081) Quantitative  (40) R&D  (3) Real Estate  (691) Really, really bad calls  (312) Regulation  (59) Research  (10) Retail  (177) RR&A  (47) Rules  (26) Science  (212) Sentiment  (24) Short Selling  (42) Sports  (25) Taxes and Policy  (211) Technical Analysis  (415) Technology  (270) Television  (146) Think Tank  (613) Trading  (461) Transports  (1) Travel  (18) Uncategorized  (183) UnGuru  (5) UnScience  (10) Valuation  (147) Venture Capital  (29) Video  (535) Wages & Income  (166) War/Defense  (114) Washington Post  (26) Wealth Management  (3) Web/Tech  (350) Weblogs  (413) Weekend  (269) Writing  (2) Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (68) October 2016  (163) September 2016  (158) August 2016  (162) July 2016  (168) June 2016  (159) May 2016  (166) April 2016  (159) March 2016  (171) February 2016  (171) January 2016  (180) December 2015  (167) November 2015  (174) October 2015  (192) September 2015  (210) August 2015  (200) July 2015  (218) June 2015  (174) May 2015  (172) April 2015  (176) March 2015  (181) February 2015  (156) January 2015  (161) December 2014  (176) November 2014  (184) October 2014  (194) September 2014  (199) August 2014  (217) July 2014  (221) June 2014  (217) May 2014  (200) April 2014  (213) March 2014  (212) February 2014  (190) January 2014  (222) December 2013  (218) November 2013  (213) October 2013  (242) September 2013  (227) August 2013  (247) July 2013  (246) June 2013  (238) May 2013  (248) April 2013  (298) March 2013  (297) February 2013  (300) January 2013  (350) December 2012  (373) November 2012  (371) October 2012  (345) September 2012  (328) August 2012  (384) July 2012  (390) June 2012  (395) May 2012  (392) April 2012  (358) March 2012  (411) February 2012  (370) January 2012  (369) December 2011  (413) November 2011  (438) October 2011  (388) September 2011  (392) August 2011  (398) July 2011  (384) June 2011  (400) May 2011  (377) April 2011  (359) March 2011  (405) February 2011  (315) January 2011  (376) December 2010  (327) November 2010  (333) October 2010  (313) September 2010  (300) August 2010  (283) July 2010  (300) June 2010  (351) May 2010  (329) April 2010  (352) March 2010  (369) February 2010  (314) January 2010  (338) December 2009  (356) November 2009  (344) October 2009  (438) September 2009  (367) August 2009  (396) July 2009  (468) June 2009  (380) May 2009  (365) April 2009  (298) March 2009  (322) February 2009  (376) January 2009  (441) December 2008  (399) November 2008  (451) October 2008  (248) September 2008  (232) August 2008  (189) July 2008  (205) June 2008  (192) May 2008  (189) April 2008  (179) March 2008  (168) February 2008  (143) January 2008  (153) December 2007  (129) November 2007  (124) October 2007  (118) September 2007  (107) August 2007  (119) July 2007  (89) June 2007  (97) May 2007  (105) April 2007  (91) March 2007  (96) February 2007  (89) January 2007  (91) December 2006  (104) November 2006  (92) October 2006  (101) September 2006  (93) August 2006  (107) July 2006  (95) June 2006  (111) May 2006  (110) April 2006  (98) March 2006  (120) February 2006  (106) January 2006  (117) December 2005  (95) November 2005  (84) October 2005  (108) September 2005  (86) August 2005  (88) July 2005  (94) June 2005  (115) May 2005  (125) April 2005  (96) March 2005  (79) February 2005  (66) January 2005  (66) December 2004  (58) November 2004  (64) October 2004  (56) September 2004  (53) August 2004  (66) July 2004  (51) June 2004  (65) May 2004  (75) April 2004  (76) March 2004  (95) February 2004  (75) January 2004  (57) December 2003  (50) November 2003  (54) October 2003  (74) September 2003  (64) August 2003  (60) July 2003  (34) June 2003  (9) May 2003  (8) April 2003  (9) March 2003  (2) November 2002  (1) September 2002  (1) August 2002  (1) October 2001  (3) September 2001  (4) August 2000  (1) January 1998  (1) August 1979  (1) April 206  (1) July 3  (1) About The Big Picture FAQ What the Press Says Terms of Use Legal Disclosures © 2016 The Big Picture Sign Up for My Newsletter Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks. Subscribe
Chicago News Bruce Rauner made $176 million, paid $50 million in taxes in 2015 Chicago News Powerful earthquake strikes New Zealand, killing 2 people Chicago News Pence to lead Trump transition team Business Grubhub CEO backpedals after suggesting Trump supporters resign Chicago News Girl, 2, fatally struck by vehicle in Jefferson Park Chicago Foul-mouthed cop dumped from Metropolitan Sanitary District job Entertainment Singer-Songwriter and poet Leonard Cohen dead at 82 Chicago Ex-Rep. Aaron Schock is indicted on 24 counts by grand jury Baseball Chris Ellis, 7, whose cancer fight drew people together, dies Chicago News Beating caught on video: Attackers yell ‘Don’t vote Trump!’ 50° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Chicago News 10/17/2016, 01:38pm Walmart store robbed at gunpoint in Waukegan Sun-Times file photo Jordan Owen @byjordanowen | email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up A store was robbed at gunpoint Friday night in north suburban Waukegan. The robbery happened at the Walmart at 3900 Fountain Square Pl. about 8 p.m., according to Waukegan police. Store employees reported the suspect entered the Service Center area of the store, pulled out a handgun and demanded cash from a cashier, according to police. The suspect was described as a 5-foot-10 to 5-foot-11 black man with a thin build; wearing red pants, red shoes with white soles, plaid hoodie and red-and-white beanie with 49ers logo, police said. He was seen leaving in a burgundy hatchback. Anyone with information should call the Criminal Investigations Division tip-line at (847) 360-9001. # Crime Waukegan Previously from Chicago News Madigan passes on meeting with Rauner, other leaders | Chicago Sun-Times Sweet: Trump backs off promise of special prosecutor for Clinton | Chicago Sun-Times Kapos: J.B. Pritzker on why Hillary Clinton lost | Chicago Sun-Times Police: Girl, 2, fatally struck by vehicle in Jefferson Park | Chicago Sun-Times Currently Trending chicago news Madigan passes on meeting with Rauner, other leaders | Chicago Sun-Times blackhawks Blackhawks beat Canadiens, Shaw chicago news Sweet: Trump backs off promise of special prosecutor for Clinton | Chicago Sun-Times chicago news Kapos: J.B. Pritzker on why Hillary Clinton lost | Chicago Sun-Times bears Unmitigated mess: Bears blown out by Bucs 36-10, lose Kyle Long | Chicago Sun-Times Post to Cancel
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ Walmart Sells $199 Acer Chromebook 15 Walmart Sells $199 Acer Chromebook 15 By Angela Moscaritolo October 17, 2016 08:00am EST 10 Comments Acer's latest addition sports a 15.6-inch display and attractive starting price. Heads up, deal hunters: If you're in the market for a new Chromebook, Acer has a fresh model you'll want to check out. The company's latest iteration of its Chromebook 15 laptop sports a 15.6-inch display and a pretty attractive starting price: $199. The Walmart-exclusive version promises up to 12 hours of battery life and boasts support for Android apps via the Google Play Store. In terms of specs, the high-def widescreen LED-backlit display has a 1,366-by-768 resolution, along with anti-glare properties for less eye strain. The Chromebook 15 is powered by an Intel Celeron N3060 dual-core processor and equipped with the latest 802.11ac wireless technology for fast connectivity. Other features include two built-in stereo speakers, an HD (1,280 x 720) webcam, 2GB of SDRAM, 16GB of internal storage, and 100GB of free Google Storage for two years. Owners also can connect other peripherals via Bluetooth 4.2, two USB 3.0 ports, and an HDMI port. Plus, it has an SD card reader, which supports cards up to 128GB for transferring and saving files. //Related Articles Acer Chromebook 15 (CB3-532-C47C) As for its size and dimensions, this model weighs 4.3 pounds and measures 15.08-by-10.08-by-0.95 inches. With those specs and price tag, Acer expects the Chromebook 15 to be a big hit with holiday shoppers this year. "It combines the most sought-after features—a large display and incredibly long battery life—at a price that makes it a desirable and affordable gift," Chris Chiang, Acer America's assistant vice president of mobility, said in a statement. "The Acer Chromebook 15 was a game-changer when it debuted in 2015—and now we're able to provide the winning combination of large display, long battery life, and affordable price to even more customers." Back to top Previous : HP Reveals Next-Gen Spectre, Envy PCs Online Leaks Tip $499 Samsung Chromebook Pro Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Relax, Your Facebook Friends (Probably) Aren't Dead Someone tell Facebook that Day of the Dead already passed. More » Check Out GameStop's Black Friday Deals Get ready for deals on Xbox One S bundles, Alienware Steam Machines, and more. More » Preserve Your Data With AT&T Stream Saver Plus, AT&T's move to exempt DirecTV streaming from mobile data caps has drawn net neutrality concern... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016) Acer Chromebook 14 New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) Acer Aspire R 14 (R5-471T-52EE) The Best Laptops of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. People Aren’t Buying Groceries Online Because They Want To Squeeze Their Own Fruits And Vegetables Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share People Aren’t Buying Groceries Online Because They Want To Squeeze Their Own Fruits And Vegetables Image courtesy of Susanne October 17, 2016 1:59 pm EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup veggie tales vegetables veggies fruit produce aisle produce department Do you trust someone else, even a full-time order-picker working for a grocery store or delivery company, to pick out your fruit and vegetables? Resistance to having someone pick out your fresh food is apparently the main thing keeping most consumers away from grocery shopping online, either for pickup or delivery. As Walmart and Amazon both build out drive-thru grocery pickup outlets, and Amazon expands its grocery delivery coverage areas and spreads the price out monthly, all of these services need to actually get customers. The Wall Street Journal reports that online orders of groceries aren’t even close to catching on nationwide: they comprise about 0.16% of all food and beverage sales, and only about 4% of shoppers in a Nielsen poll said that they had ordered any groceries online in the last year. They might be more popular in dense urban areas, but most Americans have cars. Consumers’ preference for picking out our own produce could be good news for grocery stores, since even people who do receive grocery deliveries go to traditional supermarkets to pick up fresh items. That’s part of why Amazon wants to get into the convenience store business. The problem, though, is that the produce section of a grocery store isn’t very profitable: it’s meant to draw people in and spend money in the more profitable parts of the store. Even Walmart is trying to invest in better quality produce that they can slap a “local” label on to draw shoppers in… and keep them browsing the rest of the store. Supermarkets’ Best Weapon Against E-tailers: Produce [Wall Street Journal] October 17, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup veggie tales vegetables veggies fruit produce aisle produce department Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related grabbing the necessities Amazon Reportedly Opening Convenience Stores & Dedicated Curbside Pickup Sites delivery Walmart Testing Online Grocery Ordering And Pickup In Denver Tofu Incoming Whole Foods Launches Delivery, In-Store Pick-Up So You’ll Never Go Without Gluten-Free Cupcakes Again on target Target May Hire Outside Company To Help Actually Keep Grocery Items In Stock not to be confused with sunnydale Someone Is Planning A Drive-Thru Grocery Store In Silicon Valley: Maybe Amazon Previous We Live In A World Where There’s A Wait List For A $3,000 Set Of Colored Pencils Next Google Flights Will Now Alert Users When Airfares Are About To Expire Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Google Flights Will Now Alert Users When Airfares Are About To Expire Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About Contact Find a Paper Advertise Classifieds Place a Classified Ad LGBT Weekly Digital Magazine Stay Connected Latest Posts in RSS Latest Comments in RSS Follow us on Twitter Connect on Facebook Home Editorial Online Only Top Highlights This Week Around the City Around the Nation Around the World By the Numbers Feature Story Commentary Conversations with the Mayor of Hillcrest Trans Progressive Politically Aware All Out Politics Section 4A The City: Top to Bottom Entertainment News Movie Review DVR This DVD of the Week Entertainment Feature Bookwatch Eat This! Social Chaos Where's the Faith? Bill's Briefs Scene Out Breaking News Bottom Highlights Event Calendar The Vault EpiCenter Bobby R. Presents Restaurant Review After Dark Calendar Raising Alek Allan's A-List The Gay Boy Next Door After Dark Photos Parting Shots Gear Up! Chef's Skillet The Media Closet Gaywatch Legalese Ambassador of the Night The Money Shot The Arts Design Time The Pride Card Marketplace Real Estate Real Estate Photo Classifieds Health & Wellness The Art of Wellness Latest Issue Home » Online Only, Around the City » Logan Heights man who tainted beer gets 150 days in jail Logan Heights man who tainted beer gets 150 days in jail Posted by Steve Lee, Editor Online Only, Around the City Monday, October 17th, 2016 BY NEAL PUTNAM A man who put soapy water in beer products which were returned to stores after he received refunds was sentenced Oct. 7 to 150 days in jail and ordered to pay $60,911 in restitution. Eduardo DeJesus Cossio III, 32, was remanded to jail after he was placed on three years probation and ordered to pay investigative costs to a beer company and stores by San Diego Superior Court Judge Dan Link. “He was really trying to get free beer,” said his attorney, Daniel Greene. “He was down on his luck. He didn’t think it through.” “He wasn’t trying to harm individual citizens. He thought the beer would not be re-sold,” said Greene, who added that his client thought it would be returned to the manufacturer. Cossio, of Logan Heights, bought 13 packages of beer bottles at Walmart stores in Chula Vista, National City and Target stores in Eastlake and El Cajon in 2014 and 2015. He drank the beer, and then put soapy water, food coloring, and/or cleaning solutions in the bottles before gluing the caps back on. He got refunds and the products were placed back on the shelves. Other people bought them and took one or two sips before realizing they were tampered with. One man went to an emergency room to see if he was poisoned, but no one was actually injured, according to attorneys. One man told an official the beverage tasted like someone else’s “bad mouth water.” “Food tampering is very serious,” said Deputy District Attorney Elizabeth McClutchey, who asked for 365 days in jail. McClutchey said a beer manufacturer spent $59, 603 in investigative costs as it was initially believed to be possibly a broad product tampering case. She said Cossio went to great lengths to make it look like the returned bottles resembled beer. Target employees identified Cossio as he wore a distinctive set of earrings, beard and hair style in store security tapes. He filled out the refund records with his correct name, date of birth and driver’s license number. Link ordered him to stay 500 feet away from all Target and Walmart stores and to pay probation costs of $1,433. He was fined $1,484. Link suspended 215 days of jail time which Cossio may have to serve if he violates probation terms. Link specified that he must serve 30 days in jail, but can be screened for housing in a work furlough project for 120 days. If Cossio is allowed to go to his auto technician job during the day, he would be locked up at night and on weekends. Cossio apologized to all the victims. “I didn’t think it would lead to all this,” he said. His girlfriend and her mother attended the sentencing. Most liquor stores do not give refunds when someone tries to return alcohol products. The attorneys said Walmart and Target gave refunds because they were department stores and wanted to please customers. Charges involving 29 similar counts were dismissed after he pleaded guilty to three counts of adulteration of a food product. He could have received a maximum term of four years and four months in prison. He got credit for one day previously spent in jail before he posted $10,000 bond. Short URL: http://lgbtweekly.com/?p=74704 Posted by Steve Lee, Editor on Oct 17, 2016. Filed under Online Only, Around the City. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback to this entry Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website BREAKING NEWS The Advocate’s people of the year: The heroes of Pulse Online Only A look into Trump’s Cabinet raises significant concern for small business owners Danielle LoPresti releases final teaser for upcoming new music video, ‘Holy’ (VIDEO) The money behind the winners and losers of California's ballot races HuffPost Originals to launch new video series, 'The Zainab Salbi Project' (VIDEO) Out At the Archives looks at LGBTQ veterans First Lady Michelle Obama to recognize creative youth development programs at the White House San Diego Pride Youth Leadership Academy happening this Saturday Legendary singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen dead at 82 Cancers linked to tobacco use make up 40 percent of all cancers diagnosed in the United States Veterans Day: Gay veteran asks Texas congressman who gave him medal to stop voting against him Read more Pride Card Deals loading... LGBT Weekly Digital Magazine STAY UPDATED After Dark Calendar After Dark Photos All Out Politics Allan's A-List Ambassador of the Night Around the City Around the Nation Around the World Bill's Briefs Bobby R. Presents Bookwatch Bottom Highlights Breaking News By the Numbers Chef's Skillet Commentary Conversations with the Mayor of Hillcrest Design Time DVD of the Week DVR This Eat This! Editorial Entertainment Feature Entertainment News EpiCenter Event Calendar Feature Story Gaywatch Gear Up! Health & Wellness Latest Issue Legalese Marketplace Movie Review Online Only Parting Shots Politically Aware Raising Alek Real Estate Real Estate Photo Classifieds Restaurant Review Scene Out Section 4A Social Chaos The Art of Wellness The Arts The City: Top to Bottom The Gay Boy Next Door The Media Closet The Money Shot The Pride Card The Vault This Week Top Highlights Trans Progressive Videos Where's the Faith? © 2016 LGBT Weekly. All Rights Reserved. Log in - Website by BluSkye Group
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Sunday, November 13, 2016 83 Today's Paper Weather 36°F Clear Sunday, November 13, 2016   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Popeye's opens; Japanese steakhouse on the way share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local Iroquois County Sheriff: Milford restaurant owner found murdered Area history, Nov. 13, 2016 This day in history, Nov. 13, 2016 The Big 10 with Jeff D'Alessio, Nov. 13, 2016 × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Popeye's opens; Japanese steakhouse on the way Mon, 10/17/2016 - 11:38am | Tracy Crane DANVILLE — Danville residents will have two more dining options this fall. Popeye’s Louisiana Chicken restaurant opened today as a Japanese steakhouse moved closer to opening next month. The parking lot of the new Popeye’s at 3536 N. Vermilion St. in Danville was full shortly after 10 a.m. Monday in the same block where Applebee’s, 3569 N. Vermilion St., opened earlier this year. Rick Walimohammad of Springfield is the franchisee of the new Danville restaurant as well as the existing Popeye’s on Bloomington Road in Champaign, two Popeye’s in Springfield, two in Bloomington and two in Peoria. And another restaurant is nearing its opening in a location farther north, just off North Vermilion Street at the Danville Crossings retail area that includes Wal-Mart. The owners of Fujiyama Japanese Steakhouse are bringing in hibachi chefs, sushi chefs and other kitchen chefs from New York City to work at the north side restaurant, according to Lisa Weng, who’s opening the restaurant with her husband, Mike Qiu. She said their family members own and operate other Fujiyama Japanese Steakhouse restaurants in Carbondale, Marion and Effingham. Plans are to open the new Danville location in early November at 22 E. West Newell Road in a strip mall east of Wal-Mart that includes Anytime Fitness. Weng said they have been in the restaurant business for 22 years. “We are excited to have our restaurant in Danville,” she said. Fujiyama will serve steak, chicken, shrimp, lobster and other seafood as well as fresh, daily-prepared sushi. The restaurant will feature 10 Hibachi grills and 12 dining tables, a sushi bar and a full bar. There will be two different dining experiences offered at the steak house, according to Weng. Guests can enjoy the performance of a chef preparing fresh food in front of them on a grill with enough seating for up to 10 people. Or, customers who want a private dining experience can sit in the dining room next to the sushi bar. Weng said they will have about 25 employees and will be locally hiring severs, bartenders and hosts. Sections (3):News, Local, Business More Local Iroquois County Sheriff: Milford restaurant owner found murdered Area history, Nov. 13, 2016 This day in history, Nov. 13, 2016 The Big 10 with Jeff D'Alessio, Nov. 13, 2016 More Local Iroquois County Sheriff: Milford restaurant owner found murdered Area history, Nov. 13, 2016 This day in history, Nov. 13, 2016 The Big 10 with Jeff D'Alessio, Nov. 13, 2016 Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Iroquois County Sheriff: Milford restaurant owner found murdered Data with destiny: Summit speakers discuss civic tech's growth Area history, Nov. 13, 2016 Building permits, Nov. 13, 2016 Business listings, Nov. 13, 2016 This day in history, Nov. 13, 2016 Wired In: Federico Zuckermann Seven years for Urbana man who had cocaine Salvation Army's red kettles rolling out next week Champaign makes Star Library List for eighth straight year More Local News $5 Reprints also Available Most Viewed News Champaign man pleads guilty to dismembering body Fatal shooting in east Urbana LIVE: Election Day '16 local results Arrests made in Walgreens robbery LIVE: Election Day '16 Most Commented News Not their president: UI students protest Trump's election Trump protest at UI UI chancellor: 'Take a deep breath' Prussing: Arrest of Fresh Start brothers 'doesn't invalidate' effort Obama: 'We all want what’s best for this country' Trending Now Catlin, Oakwood IGAs closing on day before Thanksgiving Iroquois County Sheriff: Milford restaurant owner found murdered Arrests made in Walgreens robbery Tuscola bows out in quarterfinals High school football scoreboard: Nov. 12, 2016 Fatal shooting in east Urbana Police probe link between victim, past shootings Monticello football advances to state semifinals Today's Special: Slice Factory expands to Champaign A sense of ownership in trying to get pregnant UPDATED: SJ-O volleyball to play for state title Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2015 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
News Opinion Commentary Commentary: Arkansas is pleased to forget Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton is now the Democratic nominee for president. Here's a look at her time as first lady, U.S. senator, secretary of state and a Democratic candidate for president. Leonid BershidskyBloomberg View Forty-one years ago, 14 people gathered in a small room on California Boulevard in Fayetteville, Ark., for the wedding of an aspiring local politician and his law school sweetheart from up north. The bride was wearing a $53 dress bought at a local mall, the groom the same suit in which he'd been seen in TV commercials when he ran unsuccessfully for U.S. Congress. He only owned one other suit. The bride wanted a small, private ceremony and got it. The groom favored a big reception for his many friends, but there was no room for it in the house or its tiny yard. Ann Henry, a law professor at the University of Arkansas and a Democratic Party activist, volunteered her two-acre property for it. "Could I have ever imagined I'd be hosting a wedding for a U.S. president, a senator, a governor and a secretary of state, and perhaps another president — and they were the same two people?" Henry says now. The street on which Bill Clinton bought the $22,000 house in 1975 to persuade Hillary Rodham finally to marry him is now named after him, and so is an avenue in Little Rock. The airport in the state capital bears both spouses' names. A glittering Clinton Center, which houses the presidential library, is teeming with visitors. And yet Arkansas will be voting overwhelmingly for Donald Trump, not for Hillary Rodham Clinton, on Nov. 8. The William J. Clinton Center building s Roberto Schmidt, AFP/Getty Image The William J. Clinton Center is located near the Arkansas River  in Little Rock, Ark. The William J. Clinton Center is located near the Arkansas River  in Little Rock, Ark. (Roberto Schmidt, AFP/Getty Image) As an outsider, this struck me as profoundly strange. It would be unthinkable for, say, German Chancellor Angela Merkel to lose her long-time constituency in West Pomerania. I set out to find out why. The Clintons still have close friends in Arkansas, so I started with them. Skip Rutherford, dean of the Clinton School of Public Service in Little Rock, responded in part by ticking off Clinton projects that were still going strong: Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families, the neonatal-intensive-care unit at the Arkansas Children's Hospital, a project to help poor parents with preschool youngsters and the Arkansas Single Parent Scholarship Fund, and more. That these initiatives are still alive and expanding is a testament to Hillary Clinton's doggedness and ability to build working structures rather than Potemkin villages, he said. And yet these achievements haven't endeared her to most Arkansans. Why the right is terrified of a Hillary Clinton victory Eric Zorn "I know her and she'd make a good president." — Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton, 2008. Trump was right. If elected, Clinton will make a good president. Focused. Serious. Even-tempered. Moderate. Tough. Upright. Incremental. Bipartisan. Remember, when she was the U.S. senator from New York from... "I know her and she'd make a good president." — Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton, 2008. Trump was right. If elected, Clinton will make a good president. Focused. Serious. Even-tempered. Moderate. Tough. Upright. Incremental. Bipartisan. Remember, when she was the U.S. senator from New York from... (Eric Zorn) "If you go to a Walmart and ask ordinary Arkansans, they won't name a single one of these," says Rex Nelson, senior vice president at Simmons Bank in Little Rock who worked for many years as policy and communications director for former Gov. Mike Huckabee, a Republican presidential contender in 2012 and 2016. I tried asking random people I met in Arkansas about Hillary Clinton's legacy; indeed, they drew a blank. Only her educational reform efforts sounded vaguely familiar to some. Clinton's achievements in Arkansas are, admittedly, 25 to 30 years old, which means almost half the state's voting-age population isn't old enough to remember what she did when she lived here. That might not have been a problem had the local Democratic Party been around to remind them. It wasn't. Until the mid-1990s, Arkansas was thoroughly Democratic. Now, it's largely Republican, for all the well-documented demographic, economic and social reasons. Interestingly, Arkansas was the last of the southern states to turn red, which made me wonder why Hillary Clinton didn't have more support. Democrats and Republicans alike told me this was largely personality-based: Democratic politicians such as former Sen. David Pryor and Bill Clinton held the fort as their party's defenses crumbled elsewhere.  "Democratic politicians in this state developed a technique that worked for them," says Bradley Gitz, William J. Clinton Professor of International Politics at Lyon College in Batesville. "They voted as the increasingly liberal party expected in Washington, then they came back here and packaged themselves as moderates or conservatives." That was a tough balancing act to pull off, requiring politicians uncommonly talented on a "retail" level. As Nelson told me, "It's a small state, and our politics are personality dominated." Bill Clinton's genius at personalized politics is still a force in Arkansas. "He's just about the only Democrat who would stand a chance" if he ran today, says Gitz. Bill and Hillary Clinton's unfathomable marriage Alyssa Rosenberg Once upon a time, a boy from Arkansas spotted a girl from Illinois across a crowded classroom. And on Tuesday night in Philadelphia, on the night Hillary Rodham Clinton became their party's official nominee for president, Bill Clinton did his best to make one of the most-scrutinized marriages in... Once upon a time, a boy from Arkansas spotted a girl from Illinois across a crowded classroom. And on Tuesday night in Philadelphia, on the night Hillary Rodham Clinton became their party's official nominee for president, Bill Clinton did his best to make one of the most-scrutinized marriages in... (Alyssa Rosenberg) This fall, Hillary Clinton hasn't campaigned in the state that was her home for 18 years — on the one hand, a pragmatic decision, on the other, a reflection of a troubled relationship. Unlike her husband, who, Rutherford says, comes home almost every month, Hillary has rarely appeared, and there are reasons for that. Rutherford argues that Hillary Clinton's expected weakness has nothing to do with her legacy or her personality. "She cannot carry Arkansas any more than Ronald Reagan could carry California today," he says. "American politics have changed." It's probably more complicated than that, though. "Bill was one of us, born and raised," says Nelson. "But Arkansas never really embraced Hillary." In Hillary's progressivism, Gitz says, Arkansans saw contempt. Throughout her time in the state, she failed to overcome this perception because she lacked her husband's political gifts. "Bill is perhaps a nine-plus on a 10-point scale as a retail politician," Nelson says. "She's a two or a three." Hillary wasn't standoffish, her friends say. She traveled throughout the state's 65 counties to do her homework for the education reform — but where her husband talked, she mostly listened. "She's not a chit-chatter," Henry says. Her failure to connect was — and perhaps remains — a far bigger problem than any of the Clinton scandals. "Bill was at the center of these scandals and he remained well-liked," Nelson points out. Hillary was not so lucky. Earlier this month, a conservative talk radio station, "96.5 FM The Answer," organized a public showing of the second presidential debate in a Little Rock movie theater. I was there; the audience hissed and booed when Hillary started to speak and clapped when Donald Trump attacked her. It's the 'lock her up' threat that should have Americans terrified Charles Krauthammer The second presidential debate — bloody, muddy and raucous — was just enough to save Donald Trump's campaign from extinction, but not enough to restore his chances of winning, barring an act of God (a medical calamity) or of Vladimir Putin (a cosmically incriminating WikiLeak). That Trump crashed... The second presidential debate — bloody, muddy and raucous — was just enough to save Donald Trump's campaign from extinction, but not enough to restore his chances of winning, barring an act of God (a medical calamity) or of Vladimir Putin (a cosmically incriminating WikiLeak). That Trump crashed... (Charles Krauthammer) It was interesting to me that the Republicans who have taken over the running of Arkansas from Clinton Democrats are not conservative firebrands. Members of the state Republican elite, such as popular Gov. Asa Hutchinson and Sens. John Boozman and Tom Cotton are waiting out the Trump tempest, trying to make as few enemies as possible, taking no extreme positions. No revolution is going to toss out these cautious politicians. Political waves come and go, but Arkansas remains essentially the same, a relatively poor, predominantly white state with a cozy political tradition — a place where centrists with personality can go a long way. Hillary Clinton may be wise to steer clear of it now — it's a hostile state with only six electoral votes — but in that wisdom, there's a long-term admission of defeat in a game her husband could play better than anybody else. The house where the Clintons were married is now a museum. A TV in one of the rooms plays an endless loop of Clinton's old ads from his unsuccessful first run for Congress. One of them features a country song with lyrics about "a new man" named Bill Clinton who is "a lot like you and a lot like me." "If you're paying too much for beans and greens, forgotten what pork and beefsteak means, there's a fellow here you ought to be listening to," the singer drawls. The museum's director, Angie Albright, half-consciously sings along with the chorus when I ask her to play it for me. Could Hillary do an ad like this? "Never," Albright replies without hesitation. "It's not her at all." Bloomberg View Leonid Bershidsky is a Bloomberg View columnist. Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Democratic Party John Boozman Angela Merkel University of Arkansas, Fayetteville Where Donald Trump should go after the election Is Melania Trump devilishly clever — or totally out of touch? Will Donald Trump govern in prose or profanity? Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 48°
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary The Ex-Goldman banker and Breitbart exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist 'Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror': Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Hillary should blame HERSELF for historic loss rather than focusing on the role of the FBI Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists that he WILL build a border wall (but part of it could be a fence) Reince Priebus AND Steve Bannon will lead Trump's White House: Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff - but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr. 'out of work,' top advisor says So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be restrained online and thanks his former Never Trump enemies for congratulations  Now who is deplorable? Faces of the 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland Will a Muslim Congressman head the DNC? Keith Ellison wins the support of Bernie Sanders and Harry Reid before he has even announced his own candidacy A third of Hillary Clinton supporters DO NOT believe Donald Trump's victory was legitimate, new poll finds Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call Donald Trump tries to postpone fraud lawsuits against his defunct real estate university until AFTER he is sworn in as president  Mark Zuckerberg says it's 'extremely unlikely' fake news posted on Facebook swung the election for Trump and warns against the site 'becoming arbiters of the truth' Teacher who compared Trump's rise to Hitler is suspended from high school to keep students 'emotionally safe' 'We don't even need Ohio... I'm going to grab a Xanax': Dave Chapelle and Chris Rock mock overconfident white Clinton voters in SNL election night sketch 'Everything feels like it's upside down': Donald Trump's election victory leaves American Muslims reeling and scared Female Muslim immigrant who said she voted for Trump because she was tired of 'Obama dancing around radical Islam' is threatened Will Ivana Trump become ambassador to Czech Republic? Donald Trump's ex-wife announces her intentions to become diplomat to her home country Don't panic: House Speaker Paul Ryan tries to 'put people's minds at ease' when told some Americans are 'terrified' about President-elect Trump Your gold and diamond door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Mr Brexit Nigel Farage's astonishing coup as he became first foreign politician to meet President-elect Trump  Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for better coverage - and insists she wasn't the only journalist he tried to influence PIERS MORGAN: They're not calling you a Ku Klux Klan loving loser now, my friend! Our man with a hotline to the Trumps on the week that shook the world  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Previous Next 'Tonight will be magical': Tracy Morgan makes emotional return to Dover two years after that fatal crash occurred returning from the city The 47-year-old comedian hit the stage at Dover Downs on Friday night Same venue he performed at before being involved in deadly accident on the New Jersey Turnpike on June 7,2014 He suffered a broken leg, broken ribs, and a brain injury in the accident During the show, Morgan paid tribute to his friend, James 'Jimmy Mack' McNair, who died in the accident  Morgan was joined on stage with others who were involved in the accident and they hugged it out during a standing ovation from the audience  By Regina F. Graham For Dailymail.com Published: 13:38 EST, 17 October 2016 | Updated: 15:16 EST, 17 October 2016 e-mail 49 shares 11 View comments It's been a little over two years since Tracy Morgan was involved in a deadly car accident in Delaware and on Friday, the comedian returned back to the state and put on an inspiring stand-up set.  Morgan, 47, hit the stage to a sold out audience at Dover Downs - the exact same stage he performed at before being involved in a fatal traffic accident.  On June 7, 2014 the luxury Sprinter van that Morgan was riding in after the show with other comedians and his assistant was rear-ended by a Walmart tractor-trailer on the New Jersey Turnpike. His friend and fellow comedian James 'Jimmy Mack' McNair died in the accident. Welcome back: Tracy Morgan (above) hit the stage to a sold out audience at Dover Downs - the exact same stage he performed at before being involved in a fatal traffic accident in 2014 Prior to the show starting, Morgan shared a photo (left) to Instagram, where he is seen kneeling and bowing his head over the empty chair dedicated to James 'Jimmy Mack' McNair (right) who died in the 2014 accident Prior to the show starting, the Saturday Night Live cast member shared a photo to Instagram, where he is seen kneeling, clasping his hands and bowing his head over the empty chair with a big golden bow dedicated to McNair.  The caption reads, 'Back @ DoverDowns. Miss you Jimmy Mack. Tonight will be magical.' While on stage, he said: 'We lost a brother, but he's here with us right now.' He then pointed to the empty chair, placed in the front row of the venue, Delaware Online reported.  Morgan hugged it out on stage with the other passengers in the vehicle from the night of the accident, including his assistant, the driver, comedians Harris Stanton and Ardie Fuqua.  The audience gave a standing ovation, as the group took center stage, which is the last stage McNair ever performed on. Morgan, who suffered a broken leg, several broken ribs, and a brain injury in the devastating accident, spoke about how he had to learn how to talk and walk again following the medically induced coma doctors placed him in. Morgan (center) welcomed fellow comedians, Ardie Fuqua (left) and Harris Stanton (right), on stage with him Friday night. Fuqua and Stanton were involved in the fatal accident with Morgan in 2014 While speaking about his two and a half years of rehabilitation and recovery, Morgan said that he was inspired by his daughter, Maven.  He said that he watched his little girl, who is now 3 years old, take her first steps and that encouraged him to do the same.  The New York native joked how they would run inside of his home together with dirty diapers.  Morgan kicked off his comeback tour eight months ago, and on Friday night's show, he was 'sharp, outrageous, sensitive, angry, inspired and, of course, hilarious,' according to Delaware Online.  During the show, a few hecklers tried to distract Morgan, who immediately shut them down.   'I'll come down there myself. I'm from Brooklyn. You're gonna look bad when a n***a wearing a jacket like this whoops your ass!' Morgan shouted at them. 'A WalMart truck couldn't do that and you aren't going to do that.'  The 30 Rock veteran settled a lawsuit against Walmart in May 2015 over the fatal accident.   The 30 Rock veteran settled a lawsuit against Walmart in May 2015 over the fatal accident on the New Jersey Turnpike (accident scene pictured) Share or comment on this article e-mail 49 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day     DON'T MISS Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio I do! Adrienne Bailon marries gospel singer Israel Houghton in romantic wedding in Paris Tied the knot at a beautiful ceremony Batter up! Mark-Paul Gosselaar and co-star Kylie Bunbury pose completely NUDE in sexy new photos for baseball show Pitch Only wore guards 'We were both naked and had just met!' Evan Rachel Wood spills on steamy Gucci Guilty shoot with Chris Evans Talked about what it was like to be nude with him Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Duo, like the animals, came out at night Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Supportive friend  Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Not her usual floor-length gown White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC Turning heads  Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe just blocks from the beach   Heading to cooler climates? Kanye West bundles up in layers as catches flight out of LAX after Kim takes first picture of her and the children since heist  'Our democracy has it exactly right': Michelle Obama insists she is ready to leave the White House as she covers Vogue for the last time as First Lady Olivia Wilde holds her baby girl close as she and fiancé Jason Sudeikis enjoy a leisurely walk in NYC Welcomed daughter Daisy a month ago 'Time to turn words into action!': Katy Perry donates $10k to Planned Parenthood in face of Donald Trump's looming plan to defund the organization Throwback surprise! The View brings back original co-hosts Meredith Vieira, Debbie Matenopoulos and Star Jones for 20th anniversary Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album  Zayn Malik's ex No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Hello sunshine! Hailee Steinfeld, 19, stuns in yellow sheer number as she leads stars at Nickelodeon Halo Awards A sight to see  Crazy cardigan! Lea Michele dons interesting beige high-low cardigan while out and about in Los Angeles  Running errands in West Hollywood  Just one glance at the first picture of Brad Pitt since his split from Angelina and you can see the pain etched on his gaunt face, writes AMANDA PLATELL Sultan of seduction: He was known as the 'Godfather of gloom'. But Leonard Cohen, who's died at 82, was also rock's most sensual ladies' man  Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to filming UK dance contest Casual Meg Ryan goes incognito in a cap, sunglasses and long coat for a London shopping trip  Blended in with the crowd  Taking flight! Serena Williams takes comfort to new heights as she rocks green aviator onesie at LAX Tennis star or Top Gun fan? Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind the scenes 'He gave me a  back massage': Eddie Redmayne reveals Fantastic Beasts co-star Colin Farrell had to comfort him before 'intense'  Comic-Con  'Million Dollar Listing's Josh Flagg confesses to THREE nose jobs as David Parnes begrudgingly reveals why he went under the knife again 'I missed ya': Negan surprises Rick Grimes by arriving in Alexandria with Daryl in sneak peek of new The Walking Dead episode Season seven scene Mrs. Doubtfire home in San Francisco sells for $4.15 million Served as the settting for the popular 1993 film starring Robin Williams and Sally Fields  'We are enjoying our honeymoon!' Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo share first video after heading off on tour of Australia and New Zealand Her lips are STILL sealed! Former Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins continues to keep quiet on President-elect Donald Trump 'Kisses, hugs and sex galore!': Real Housewives of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak celebrates fifth anniversary with husband Kroy Biermann  EXCLUSIVE: Elite schools, a $3m wedding and Fashion Police: How guilt-ridden Joan Rivers wooed daughter Melissa back after she blamed her for father's suicide  She's a low-key VIP! Jet setter Renee Zellweger lugs her own bags through airport  Proved she's just one of the people as she touched down at LAX Is this what Dream Kardashian will look like when she's older? Forensic artist imagines Rob and Blac Chyna's newborn baby in the future Val Kilmer gasps and struggles to speak while revealing he's cancelled upcoming tour after once again denying he has throat cancer  Concerns for actor Heidi Klum hits the runway in style as she dons patterned knit sweater and scarf after touching down at LAX Looked chic after her flight  'I never truly believed Trump could win': Lena Dunham admits she felt 'smug' at polling booth on election day... then broke out in hives after Clinton's defeat  Her favorite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  The 18-year-old was  back at Mauro's Cafe David Bowie's personal art collection sells for $304MILLION - more than twice the predicted figure  Buyers have snapped up pieces his vast works  Russell Crowe quietly lists lavish apartment he bought for $14.35M... as he and estranged wife Danielle Spencer get closer to a divorce settlement Case closed: Hogan's Heroes star Bob Crane's killer to be revealed LIVE on Monday after new DNA testing was done on murder weapon - 38 years after actor's death Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'Can we stay in here for the next four years?': Hilarious reactions of Big Brother contestants who are the last six people in the US to know Trump will be president  Sorry America, we're not leaving! Celebrities who promised to leave for Canada decide to stay (so is it just a coincidence that Trump is planning tax cuts?)  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  Today's headlines Most Read Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage,... Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to... 'Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror': Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Hillary... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief... President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  Will a Muslim Congressman head the DNC? Keith Ellison wins the support of Bernie Sanders and Harry Reid... A third of Hillary Clinton supporters DO NOT believe Donald Trump's victory was legitimate, new poll finds Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says... Donald Trump tries to postpone fraud lawsuits against his defunct real estate university until AFTER he is... Mark Zuckerberg says it's 'extremely unlikely' fake news posted on Facebook swung the election for Trump and... Teacher who compared Trump's rise to Hitler is suspended from high school to keep students 'emotionally... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged... 'Everything feels like it's upside down': Donald Trump's election victory leaves American Muslims reeling... Female Muslim immigrant who said she voted for Trump because she was tired of 'Obama dancing around radical... Trump's ex-wife Ivana announces her intentions to become ambassador to her native Czech Republic as she... Don't panic: House Speaker Paul Ryan tries to 'put people's minds at ease' when told some Americans are... Your gold and diamond door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Farage's astonishing coup... Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for... PIERS MORGAN: They're not calling you a Ku Klux Klan loving loser now, my friend! Our man with a hotline to... Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is... Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website'... Silicon Valley stars 'are set upon by two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after... 'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas' puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to... NATO chief warns that the West faces ‘the greatest challenge to our security in a generation’ if Trump... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a... Internationally renowned Middle Eastern scholar at UC Berkeley is accused of sexually assaulting a student  MORE HEADLINES Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah at beginning of SNL (without Alec Baldwin's Trump)  Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one last time, admitting the last few days have been 'very, very tough' as it's claimed she was 'inconsolable' after crushing defeat to Trump  'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats at cops in Indianapolis, and demonstrators are tear-gassed in Portland as tens of thousands take to the street nationwide for fourth night of violence From a modest home built by her father to the future First Lady of the White House: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the New York Times, hours after promising to be restrained online and thanks his former Never Trump enemies for congratulations  'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes killing two people - as LOOTERS prey on vulnerable residents forced to leave their homes 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL - but says he's willing to give him a chance  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Film-maker Michael Moore is blocked by Secret Service on the fourth floor of Trump Tower from confronting President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets of New York  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' Female anti-bullying ambassador, 23, arrested at Trump Tower protest for pushing man, 74, to the ground in fight over the new President-elect  Was the Hillary hiking in the woods photo staged? Woman in the picture first met Clinton at a fundraiser her family hosted for ex-candidate  'Mr Trump is unfit to serve:' Almost THREE MILLION people sign a (doomed) petition for the Electoral College to make Hillary Clinton president Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call President-elect Trump can't put his billions into a blind trust because that would leave Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr. 'out of work,' top advisor says Married female basketball coach had sex with three high school students and sent them naked photographs Yoga expert, 37, accused of killing her identical twin sister by driving them off a 200-foot cliff in Hawaii is arrested on suspicion of murder AGAIN in New York after new evidence emerges People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opened up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing television moment to date Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Kept chained in a cage inside a container, fed just once a day and taken on walks to see her boyfriend's shallow grave: New details of South Carolina serial killer's captive and her ordeal emerge 'I won't take even one dollar': Donald Trump has said he will NOT accept the $400,000 president's salary 'My mother kicked me out because I voted for Donald Trump': Mom makes her young son pack a suitcase and leave after he opted for The Donald in a mock election at school Megyn Kelly claims Trump repeatedly offered her gifts and a free stay at his Florida estate in return for better coverage - and insists she wasn't the only journalist he tried to influence MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Macy's is opening earlier than ever on Thanksgiving Day to kick off Black Friday Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Hayley Peterson Oct 17th 2016 11:32AM Macy's is kicking off this year's Black Friday sales even earlier than last year. The department store chain will open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving, the company told Business Insider. Most Macy's stores be open from 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving to 2 a.m. the following day, then reopen at 6 a.m. on Black Friday. Some stores will stay open for 29 hours straight — from 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day to 10 p.m. on Black Friday. BestBlackFriday.com, which tracks retailers' holiday promotions and store hours, was the first to report on Macy's Black Friday store hours. Macy's opened on Thanksgiving Day for the first time in 2013. That year, stores opened at 8 p.m. on the evening of Thanksgiving. Last year, it opened at 6 p.m. 31 PHOTOS Stores closed on Thanksgiving See Gallery Stores closed on Thanksgiving Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – Macy's and other retailers, such as Walmart, Target, Sears, and Kohl's, have come under fire in recent years for kicking off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving. The retailers' critics say employees should be at home with their families instead of working. This year, many retailers and shopping malls are joining those critics and pushing back against the so-called holiday creep by staying closed on Thanksgiving. Macy's says its trying to staff its stores with employees who volunteer to work on the holiday. "Doing so means that our employees are able to make their own decisions about how they contribute to our most important and busiest weekend of the year," Macy's spokeswoman Holly Thomas said. "We have also heard from many associates who appreciate the opportunity to work on Thanksgiving, so they can have time off on Black Friday." Anyone who works on the Thanksgiving shift will be compensated with overtime pay, Thomas said. NOW WATCH: We tried the trendy restaurant that could become the Chipotle of Greek food See Also: Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible idea Tinder culture has taken over, and now it's killing retail Amazon is luring college students with steep discounts SEE ALSO: Here are all the stores closing on Thanksgiving this year Tags Black Friday black friday 2016 Black Friday store hours Holiday Holiday Shopping Macys macys black friday macys thanksgiving Retail Thanksgiving Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY 13 Things People Do When They’re About to Quit Their Job 10 Worst Store Credit Cards You Should Avoid at All Costs Sick Day? 10 Funniest Excuses for Calling Out of Work The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Gift cards are a $10 billion waste of money and you should never buy them China may leave the U.S. behind on climate change due to Trump Average FICO score hits record high Trump's election might lead to a new spending frenzy for American shoppers Taliban bomber kills 4 Americans at NATO base in Afghanistan Are there special tax breaks for retirees? Buffett breaks silence on Wells Fargo bogus account scandal Berkshire sets record as Trump boosts prospects, Buffett's wealth Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,164.45-3.03-0.14% DJIA18,847.6639.780.21% NASDAQ5,237.1128.320.54% DAX10,667.9537.830.36% HANG SENG22,294.10-236.99-1.05% NIKKEI 22517,640.84266.051.53% USD (per EUR)1.080.00-0.20% USD (per CHF)0.990.000.18% JPY (per USD)107.420.560.52% GBP (per USD)1.260.00-0.06% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Why gift cards are a huge waste of money Why Were the 2016 U.S. Presidential Polls Wrong?Quick & Dirty Tips The Secrets to Making the Best Mashed PotatoesQuick & Dirty Tips Is Your Relationship Codependent? And What Exactly Doe...Quick & Dirty Tips Why Positive Affirmations Could Be Ruining Your LifeSUCCESS Magazine 4 Healthy Coffee Alternatives for Workout EnergyQuick & Dirty Tips 6 Ways to Ease Your Child's Separation AnxietyQuick & Dirty Tips The Best Used Cars for Under $5,000Quick & Dirty TipsBy PubExchange Sun, Nov 13 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Sunday November 13 2016 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Festivals As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Live Chats Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Opinion Letters Letters, Oct.17 First posted: Monday, October 17, 2016 08:57 AM MDT Letters to the Editor logo Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error INSENSITIVE Did you read the first column of Hicks’ Saturday article? Did you approve his inference that the “staggering, down ’n’ outs do not dominate downtown anymore” or “for once there are far more NORMAL people” downtown? “The night has been taken back.” WHAT? Out of sight, out of mind? We can’t see the homeless, so we’re rid of them? What a load of prejudiced, holier than thou crap! But, by God, come Christmas, Hicks will head the campaign for Walmart cards for the teenagers of … who? Children of “down ’n’ outers”? Oh they may have a home, but barely. And The Edmonton Sun will plead for donations for the food bank. Who does this food go to? Yes, more “down ’n’ outers”. Then the Sun will do a big two-page spread with photos of the Hope Mission free Christmas dinner several hundred take art in … who are these people? Oh right! The homeless people; some addicts; some staggering; some intoxicated; some panhandlers. Maureen Daigneau (You raise a great point, Maureen. The intent of his column was to talk about the positivity of more street activity downtown. It wasn’t the intent of the him, or the paper, to offend.) OBJECTIONABLE FUNDING In Sunday’s Letters to the editor, George Thatcher said that “Private schools should not be receiving taxpayers’ money through provincial school grants.” Go through that statement and the rest of his letter, replacing schools with hospitals and one can see again how public taxpayers’ funding is supporting the private “conscientious” objections of one religious faction. “There should be a clear separation of church and state.” Les Thompson (This fight is far from over.) FEAR FACTOR Trudeau whining about carbon-tax critics using ‘scare tactics’ is the ultimate hypocrisy. What the hell other then ‘scare tactics’ are used by his mindless global warming/climate change mentors! The carbon tax is economic self-mutilation not based on sound science. It is just a way to compensate for poor financial management and will not win any tangible results for Canada other than making us all poorer which is the goal of Trudeau’s useless United Nations! Art Schatz (It’s all hot air.) BAD INFLUENCE As this is not so much about the pros and cons of Mr. Trump or Ms. Clinton, but rather a sad commentary about the state of the mainstream media, who believe, and perhaps they can, that they can decide who wins the next U.S. election. Ben Nielsen (Only the voters can and will decide who gets the White House.) As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN Letters, Oct.17 First posted: Monday, October 17, 2016 08:57 AM MDT INSENSITIVE Did you read the first column of Hicks’ Saturday article? Did you approve his inference that the “staggering, down ’n’ outs do not dominate downtown anymore” or “for once there are far more NORMAL people” downtown? “The night has been taken back.” WHAT? Out of sight, out of mind? We can’t see the homeless, so we’re rid of them? What a load of prejudiced, holier than thou crap! But, by God, come Christmas, Hicks will head the campaign for Walmart cards for the teenagers of … who? Children of “down ’n’ outers”? Oh they may have a home, but barely. And The Edmonton Sun will plead for donations for the food bank. Who does this food go to? Yes, more “down ’n’ outers”. Then the Sun will do a big two-page spread with photos of the Hope Mission free Christmas dinner several hundred take art in … who are these people? Oh right! The homeless people; some addicts; some staggering; some intoxicated; some panhandlers. Maureen Daigneau (You rais Top stories Popular Latest Videos Eskimos defeat Tiger-Cats 24-21 in East Division semifinal Canadian jobs are at risk of flocking south under Trump New York Rangers are a stern test for Edmonton Oilers Sunday night Most Edmonton residents support new western Alberta park, survey shows Northern Alberta hunter found safe after spending evening in woods Dog that mauled Vegreville twins ordered destroyed, mother says Astronomer: Supermoon 'not much of an event at all' Latest incident part of a regular occurence where a few fans spoil an event for many Canadian Finals Rodeo Championship Sunday results Bull rider Jordan Hansen returns from injury to claim national title; Jake Vold takes overall title Tony Blais Edmonton Courthouse Police Interview Of Steven Vollrath Eskimos coach Jason Maas on 41-17 win over Argos Alberta group touts importance of male support to end gender-based violence City of Edmonton forced to release flood maps Remembrance Day ceremony in Rundle Park More from Letters Letters, Nov. 9 Letters, Nov. 8 Letters, Nov. 7 Letters, Nov. 01 Letters, Oct. 31 Inside Edmonton sun.com Home Rounds Fore Less 2016 Home Send/read letters News Break-in reported at Leitch's home News Dog that mauled Vegreville twins ordered destroyed News Supermoon 'not much of an event at all' News Anti-Trump protests continue in U.S.cities News Conservative leadership candidates clash at debate Sports CFR Championship Sunday results Sports Tough journey to title News Evidence suggests Diab innocent: French judge News Most Edmonton residents support new western Albert Sports Dorion heads out on trade mission Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Festivals As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Live Chats Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 10:18 P.M. ET Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 10:01 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker 4:41 P.M. ET Updated Trump names RNC head Reince Priebus as chief of staff 2:15 P.M. ET My mother-in-law is being bled dry by her incarcerated brother 1:15 P.M. ET The Secret to Successful Mole Catching Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Ratings Game Get email alerts E.L.F.’s ‘fast fashion’ model is perfect for the selfie generation By Tonya Garcia Published: Oct 18, 2016 7:11 a.m. ET Share E.L.F. shares are about 60% higher than its $17 IPO price By TonyaGarcia Reporter elf Cosmetics E.L.F. has a strong following among enthusiasts on social media, one of the assets analysts highlight E.L.F. Beauty Inc., the cosmetics company that went public on Sept. 22, has a business process that analysts at Cowen & Company describe as a “‘fast fashion’ execution,” one of many reasons to have a positive outlook on the company’s future. “E.L.F.’s low price points (average unit retail at Walmart/Target is about $2 to $3) combined with millennial, multicultural, and beauty enthusiast appeal should drive a combination of distribution and comp growth,” analysts wrote in a note published Monday. Cowen initiated E.L.F. ELF, +4.17%   at outperform on Monday with a $32 price target. It’s one of a number of initiations, and analysts are bullish about the newly public company. See also: 5 things to know about E.L.F. Beauty Cowen says E.L.F. can “deliver product to market in as little as 20 weeks, versus traditional cosmetics companies where it takes 24 months.” That is one of five factors for its upbeat note, including low market share with a high threshold for growth, a focus on product innovation that creates demand, and a younger customer base (46% are between the ages of 18 and 34) who are highly engaged. Analysts at Stifel also highlight the company’s growth potential, with expanding store distribution at both existing and new retailers just one reason to be optimistic. Among the retailers selling E.L.F. products are Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.22%  , Target Corp. TGT, +1.15%   and CVS Health Corp. CVS, -2.83%  , along with its own stores and online platform. “The company has significant white space in the U.S. market and longer-term potential internationally, in our view, particularly given its value proposition for national retailers, which make up over 80% of revenues,” analysts wrote in a Monday note. “Although we have no knowledge of any M&A negotiations or discussions, we believe E.L.F. is an attractive acquisition target given favorable category trends and domestic and international white space, providing down-side protection to E.L.F. shares in the near-to-medium term,” the note also said. Analysts believe Coty Inc. COTY, +0.59%   would be the most logical buyer due to its focus on sales growth and scale after acquiring a number of Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.75%   fragrance licenses. See also: Coty buys hair straightener maker Ghd J.P. Morgan said that it’s optimistic about the multi-year outlook for E.L.F. not only for the reasons outlined by Cowen and Stifel, but also because the company’s website “lowers marketing spend and enables an asset-light model with fast go-to-market innovation.” Greater use of social media is also facilitating a rise in the use of makeup. “The ‘selfie’ generation wants to look good, is less loyal to prestige brands and is highly influenced by bloggers, and online reviews,” the note said. “We view the company as a clear disruptor in an attractive industry.” See also: ‘The Amazon effect’ and 3 other things to watch for this holiday shopping season Shares of the company are up about 60% in Monday trading from the $17 public offering price. J.P. Morgan analysts say the spike in share price, plus a third quarter that will likely be difficult, are reasons to “wait for a better entry point.” J.P. Morgan rates E.L.F. shares neutral with a $28 price target. The beauty company was also started at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey at buy with a $32 price target. E.L.F. stock is down 3.6% for the month to date, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.14%   is down 1.8% for the same period. More from MarketWatch The Second Presidential Debate How Advanced Would Aliens Need to Be to Contact Earth? 'Gerries': The Case for Women Over 35 Having Children Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found e.l.f. Beauty Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ELF $27.00 +1.08 (+4.17%) Volume 403.3K Open $27.23 High $28.47 Low $25.50 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $71.23 -0.16 (-0.22%) Volume 8.2M Open $71.11 High $71.28 Low $70.60 P/E Ratio 15.32 Div Yield 2.81 Market Cap 220.3B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $71.35 +0.81 (+1.15%) Volume 5.3M Open $70.43 High $71.54 Low $70.20 P/E Ratio 13.21 Div Yield 3.36 Market Cap 41.0B CVS Health Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVS $75.09 -2.19 (-2.83%) Volume 9.5M Open $77.10 High $77.20 Low $74.71 P/E Ratio 16.12 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 80.1B Coty Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: COTY $18.66 +0.11 (+0.59%) Volume 11.4M Open $18.46 High $19.29 Low $18.28 P/E Ratio 233.25 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap 13.9B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $83.58 +0.62 (+0.75%) Volume 8.9M Open $82.67 High $84.06 Low $82.65 P/E Ratio 23.25 Div Yield 3.2 Market Cap 223.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,164.45 -3.03 (-0.14%) Volume 734.6M Open 2,163 High 2,166 Low 2,152 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 70° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Sunny. High 69F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 41F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 2:55 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close 1 of 4 Ed Grimes Kim Nixon Kenneth Hetge Maryann Hester Election 2016: Tehachapi City Council candidates on the issues BY JILL BARNES NELSON jbnelson@tehachapinews.com jbnelson Oct 17, 2016 Ed Grimes Kim Nixon Kenneth Hetge Maryann Hester Voters within the boundaries of the City of Tehachapi will be electing two candidates for the City Council on Nov. 8. Four candidates are vying for two council seats. Ed Grimes and Kim Nixon are the incumbents, and Kenneth Hetge and Maryann Hester are the challengers. Tehachapi News sent each candidate the same questions to be answered. The following are their responses, with the incumbents' answers first followed by the challengers' answers. Responses were lightly edited for clarity. What are your previous elected offices held, and present and past groups or organizations you have been a part of? Ed Grimes I have served on the City Council since 2003 until present, and have been mayor a total of four years. Tehachapi Unified School District Board of Trustees. Served from 1981-2001. Board of Directors Tehachapi Recreation & Park District from 2001-2003. Tehachapi Little League Board for 20 years, president of League for 10 years. Coached Tehachapi Youth Football for four years. Coached Tehachapi High School track, and current track coach at Jacobsen Middle School. Currently serving on the Kern County Solid Waste Committee, chairman of the East Kern Air Pollution Control District committee, and state president of the Association of California Cities Allied with Public Safety. Member and past chairman of the League of Cities Public Safety Policy Committee. Executive Member of the Greater Tehachapi Economic Council. Taught sociology at Bakersfield College for 15 years. Kim Nixon After serving 14 months as an appointed Tehachapi City Council member, was elected to the position in 2012. Served as a member of the Tehachapi Event Center committee and General Plan Update committee. Edwards Air Force Base Honorary Commander, the city representative to LAFCO, the Friends of the Airport group founder, a six-year chairman of Tehachapi Night Out, 10-year member of the Tehachapi Collaborative, 14-year member of the Tehachapi Planning Commission, six-year volunteer with Little League, 18-year soccer coach with a three-year term as an AYSO board member, Cub Scout, Boy Scout and Girl Scout leader. Also have volunteered and contributed to many community fundraising events. Kenneth Hetge No elected governmental offices previously held — I am not a politician. Most everyone, including myself, have been part of some organization during their lifetime. However, the citizens in our community and country, in general, are tired of their tax dollars being spent by politicians who make their decisions based on input and influence from "groups or organizations." Decisions made by our elected officials MUST stand on their own merit and not be influenced by membership in any "group or organization" or other outside special interest force. Maryann Hester Elected lieutenant for the Tehachapi Police Department Volunteers for nine years. Elected as coordinator of Military Youth & Children's hero awards for the American Legion Auxiliary, and volunteer for 10 years. Elected coordinator of the Sheriff's Advisory Committee and Adopt a Highway Program, volunteer four years. Served as a volunteer for the Tehachapi Unified School District (three years), Open Door Youth Program, (five years), Tomo Kani Historical Park (three years), Crisis Pregnancy Center (four years), Adobe SOS Dog Rescue (four years), Church of Bakersfield (nine years), along with other groups. What experience and background would you bring to the council? Ed Grimes College graduate with a degree in criminal justice and worked in management positions for last 25 years of career. Excellent leadership training. Excellent judgment and decision making in critical situations. Long-time experience in budget issues. A passion to serve and work with people. Kim Nixon I bring 30 years of community involvement and investment in our children, our schools, our new hospital and our future. I am committed to making Tehachapi the best possible community it can be — to live, work and raise a family. My husband and I have owned a Tehachapi business for nearly four decades and thus, I understand the challenges of small business. I will continue to work hard to help businesses succeed by listening to concerns and developing solutions to these challenges. As the executive director of a local nonprofit agency, I also bring a keen awareness of the issues facing nonprofit organizations including donor expansion and volunteer development. From decades in the private and nonprofit sector, I believe that my experience uniquely qualifies me to serve the residents of our beautiful city. Kenneth Hetge As a city of Tehachapi small business owner, I have faced significant challenges. Those very challenges force you to learn and manage issues and situations essential to success. My dedication and commitment to my business will translate to my dedication and commitment to my fellow citizens. I willingly accept the responsibility associated with being elected to serve the people and will do so to the very best of my ability. Maryann Hester Good communication skills, proven leadership sills, skilled counseling abilities and avid problem solver. As a citizen of our beautiful town for 50 years, I have always taken an active role in volunteer work and local politics. Now after 20-plus years of attending city, county and state meetings, and the education gained from each, I feel that I am more than qualified to become a member our our council. As the Tehachapi 2012 Citizen of the year, I was recognized for all of the qualities of a volunteer and for the time and attention given to each organization I served. Not once did I ever do any volunteer work for self-gain. All volunteer work was done with love, respect and concern for each organization and the people involved. I have witnessed the good, the bad and the indifferent in all phases of Tehachapi. It would be hard to find a citizen who knows more about Tehachapi than I do. Therefore, I am eager to be given the opportunity to serve as the next chosen City Council member. Why are you running for City Council and what do you hope to accomplish? Ed Grimes To help maintain the direction the city is going and to make sure the budget is compatible with that direction. To continue working toward the best water solution we can have and making sure our water is safe to drink. To continue a program of replacement and repair of an aging infrastructure through grants. To continue to help the city grow at a responsible rate. Kim Nixon I am running for a seat on the council to continue the positive momentum of our city. Serving the residents and businesses of Tehachapi has been an honor, a privilege and a responsibility to the greater good. To hear the concerns of my neighbors and develop solutions to their plight has been extremely gratifying. I am proud of the new, state-of-the-art police station and 911 communication system. I was honored to be a part of the Veteran’s Memorial dedication and the opening of the Visitor’s Center. I am thrilled with our commitment to building safe corridors to schools and parks. I am excited about the new hospital and the upcoming expanded retail venues — all of which will enable our residents to stay closer to home. I hope to continue to develop our city as both a great place to live and a wonderful place to visit. I will be mindful of the concerns of our residents and will work to ensure that my neighbors feel safe in their homes and on our streets; that they have clean water and fresh air; safe streets and reliability utility systems. I hope to strengthen our relationships with residents throughout the Greater Tehachapi Valley, through increased networking and better communication. I will seek to elevate our transparency and grow your trust in the governance of your city. I believe, together, we can identify community needs and implement good, sound community solutions. Kenneth Hetge Having attended City Council meetings for years, I have experienced the best and worst of our local government. Our community is not perfect and it should never be represented as such. When business owners or citizens come to our elected officials with concerns or problems, there should be solid answers provided or a commitment to 'follow-up.' This is currently missing. Remember, the City Council represents the people and their business. When this essential process stops working, change must occur. Maryann Hester My goal is to be a voice for all citizens; they are our employees and not City Hall. There is a need for a more open door policy between our citizens and the council. Because of too many closed council meetings, citizens are restricted in feedback. Too many agenda items are not addressed openly, which denies citizens democratic representation. What are the three most important issues facing the city and how would you prioritize them? Ed Grimes The three most important issues the city has are: 1. Responsible growth compatible with budget constraints. 2. Having enough water to service the needs of the people. 3. Infrastructure program to repair and replace when needed, and also continue to have a balanced budget. Everything I stated is contingent on the budget being solvent. Therefore the No. 1 priority is a solid budget. Everything else is interchangeable. Kim Nixon Aging infrastructure is a costly and critical community concern. With water and sewer lines built decades ago and city streets hosting potholes, city staff has identified and prioritized those needing replacement and necessary maintenance. It is vital to support and implement these important infrastructure repair and maintenance programs — each and every year. This ongoing priority will ensure that our city will be viable and strong for generations to come. Safe and walkable transportation corridors helps ensure the safety of our children and families as they walk through the city on their way to schools, shopping, churches and restaurants. A “Walkable Community” supports good health, clean air and safe streets, community engagement and pride. Build stronger area alliances with Tehachapi Valley communities. As a City Council member, my immediate responsibility is to the residents of our city. It is vital that I listen and respond to their questions and concerns. That said, I understand clearly that the decisions of the city impact residents through the area. As the area’s namesake and commerce hub, it is important to strengthen our interactions with all of the outlying communities, increase our transparency and communicate our choices … as they impact our neighbors. Kenneth Hetge In order, jobs. Tehachapi must provide an environment that promotes livable wage jobs which is integral to any sustainable community. Essential infrastructure/services. Our city must provide good streets and alleys, reasonably priced water and sewer, and law enforcement for our protection and stability. Preservation of our small town heritage. Tehachapi is unique and has its own identity. Our council must work hard to protect this while allowing objective and responsible growth. Maryann Hester Water, the drought effect, the cost of transporting from other sources, distribution of water to a growing community and the cost of each. Growth problems of our exploding population including adequate housing, water, garbage management, finding and keeping businesses and personnel, which include our new medical facility. Attention and transparency in all areas of city government. This is an area that is not open for discussion in print. As I campaign, information is shared with me that does not appear openly to taxpayers. Expenditures, intimidating supervision, weak communication skills, oversight of funding, organizational weaknesses, and many other topics are just a few of citizens' concerns. What's your stance on Walmart? Ed Grimes I am in favor of Walmart and have worked hard for them to come to our city. It will create more than 300 jobs and will also bring in other businesses. Kim Nixon I believe the city has done their due diligence throughout the five-year Walmart approval process. I believe we have listened to the residents of the greater Tehachapi area and have infused concerns and solutions into the conversation. I believe that Walmart has stepped up to the table as they have endeavored to remedy each and every concern. As a new business to the area, Walmart will provide more than 300 jobs, help citizens save money by providing more competitive pricing on household necessities, and save wear and tear on vehicles as more people choose to shop locally. The store will increase sales tax revenue to the city — enabling the city to invest back into the community. The development will provide additional parking to the Antelope Run walking and biking trail system. The project will fund one additional full-time police officer and will pay for turn lanes and traffic lights to support good traffic flow. We have set requirements for delivery times, shopping cart containment and light restrictions. All of which have been agreed upon by the Walmart corporation. I believe that, as people stay local to shop at Walmart, they will spend dollars at local restaurants, boutiques and specialty stores. More money will stay locally instead of being siphoned to Bakersfield or Lancaster-Palmdale. Kenneth Hetge Walmart will change our community forever. At this point, the courts have spoken and they feel the city's CEQA document issues have been satisfied. Maryann Hester The people have spoken! The democratic process of government should be recognized and honored. The voters for Walmart outnumber the naysayers. What goals should the city set for the next 10 years? Ed Grimes Continue to have a balanced budget. Monitor responsible growth. Replace and repair infrastructure as needed. Work tirelessly on conserving and finding ways to conserve water. Continue to partner with other agencies to help reduce cost of government. Kim Nixon The next 10 years are critical to our future. My goals will be to continue working under a balanced budget with a commitment to smart investment and reserve fund allocation. Develop a plan for an efficient tertiary waste water treatment system to enable the city to recycle waste water for use on public lands. Establish a self-sustaining, balanced airport enterprise fund and recruit new businesses to our airport corridor. Work with the Kern Council of Governments on a Tehachapi expansion of the Metrolink. This effort would give our residents a cost-effective, expedient transportation option to the Los Angeles area. Continue promotion of the unique and special place that is Tehachapi — to increase tourism dollars for our businesses and quality residents to our communities. Kenneth Hetge First and foremost, re-engage the citizens in our community. A healthy and uninhibited dialogue between the people and their local government ensures full transparency. Second, the City of Tehachapi must acknowledge the decisions they make will influence and impact every other person living in the Tehachapi Valley. This fact alone must drive greater unbiased interaction between the different outlying areas and the city. Third, Tehachapi is a wonderful place to live and to visit and the efforts of every elected official must ensure this is both protected and promoted. Maryann Hester The answers to question four also applies here as well. Regardless of a few organized groups who are against growth, the city will grow, and with proper oversight, it will continue to be one of the most outstanding small towns in America. I want to be a part of the decision making that makes this possible. jbnelson Follow jbnelson Close Get email notifications on jbnelson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever jbnelson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow jbnelson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Tehachapi will have new faces for local government Early voting shows possible upsets in Tehachapi-area races Tehachapi romance author remembered for her work with animals Warriors blank Delano 27-0 in first round of CIF tourney Local boxer Macias tagged 'rising star' after stealing the show in Vegas Douglas Lamar Langston, 1970-2016 Paramedic celebrates 25 years of service Football Notes: Podratz out for season with broken leg Letter to the editor: The Electoral College simplified, and why we need it Warriors v-ball season ends on note of pride and unity Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2016 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Sunday, November 13, 2016 Home World U.S. Canada Climate War & Peace Economy Rights Solutions President-Elect Donald Trump #NoDAPL 2016 Key Ballot Issues Election 2016 Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Finding Hope in Dismal Times Published on Monday, October 17, 2016 by TomDispatch Finding Hope in Dismal Times On learning to claim our victories and why fighting for justice is like surfing by Rebecca Gordon 0 Comments 'What’s most surprising about the response to Trump’s hot-mic moment is the apparent national consensus that speaking—or even thinking—about sexual assault the way Trump did on this video is neither normal nor amusing.' (Photo: David Mulder/flickr/cc)   In these dismal days of climate change, imperial decline, endless war, and in my city, a hapless football team, I seem to be experiencing a strange and unaccustomed emotion: hope. How can that be? Maybe it’s because, like my poor San Francisco 49ers who have been “rebuilding” for the last two decades, I’m fortunate enough to be able to play the long game. But what exactly is making me feel hopeful at the moment? For one thing, we seem to have finally reached Peak Trump, and the reason why is important. Calling Mexicans rapists and drug dealers didn’t do it. Promising to bring back waterboarding and commit assorted other war crimes didn’t do it. Flirting with the white supremacist crowd and their little friend Pepe the Frog didn't do it. But an 11-year-old video tape of Trump bragging about grabbing women “by the pussy” seems to have been the drop of water that finally cracked the dam and sent even stalwart Republican leaders fleeing a flood of public revulsion. In the midst of the most frightening and depressing presidential election of my life, the reactions to this latest glimpse into the Mind of Trump have actually lifted my spirits. Not that many years ago, an exchange like the one between Donald Trump and Billy Bush would hardly have been news. Sexual harassment was an expected part of the lives of working women -- par for a Trump golf course. I remember, for instance, paging through my family’s New Yorker magazines and coming across a Whitney Darrow cartoon about a lesson at a secretarial school. A businessman is chasing a woman around a desk as the teacher explains, “Notice, class, how Angela circles, always keeping the desk between them...” There you have it: the devaluation of women’s work (secretarial skills reduced to techniques for evading the boss’s advances), the trivialization of sexual predation, and in Angela’s knowing smile, admiration for the woman who keeps her sense of humor while defending her virtue. What’s most surprising about the response to Trump’s hot-mic moment is the apparent national consensus that speaking -- or even thinking -- about sexual assault the way Trump did on this video is neither normal nor amusing. This shared assumption that women are not trophies for the taking marks an advance toward full personhood that we have achieved only in my lifetime. When you stop to think about it, it’s an extraordinary cultural shift. And once people figure out that women are, after all, human, it’s pretty hard to stuff that genie back into the bottle. Of course, there are still a lot of men who have a hard time with the woman-human being equation. Paul Ryan, for example, responded to the Trump video release by opining that “Women are to be championed and revered” -- a view that suggests we are either helpless creatures to be saved by a “champion” or other-than-human creatures belonging on some Victorian pedestal. Then There’s Hillary In her first debate with Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton actually said the words “systemic racism.” Never in our history has a mainstream presidential candidate described our country’s racial institutions in that kind of language. Indeed, one of the biggest political problems the movement for racial justice has faced in the post-Civil Rights era has been how to account for the fact that, absent legal segregation, people of color, and especially African Americans, remain disproportionately represented among the poor, the unhoused, and the incarcerated. Institutional, or systemic, racism describes the mechanism at play. Here’s what Clinton said in that debate: “And it’s just a fact that if you're a young African-American man and you do the same thing as a young white man, you are more likely to be arrested, charged, convicted, and incarcerated. So we've got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system.” She’s right of course. And she deserves credit for saying it, but it’s the analysis of groups like RaceForward, the organizing skills of the young activists of Black Lives Matter, and the moral voice of older leaders like the Reverend William Barber II of the North Carolina NAACP who created the atmosphere in which she had to say it. We are, in other words, witnessing a sea change in how people in mainstream politics talk about racism. Of course, there’s been pushback against Clinton’s rhetoric, but the idea that actual institutional structures exist that deeply constrain the lives of African Americans has now been admitted to the grown-ups’ table. Black communities have long known that they, and especially their young men, are at risk of police violence. That’s why sooner or later so many black parents of every economic class have “the talk” with their children about how to try to stay safe (or at least safer). But in the two years since the murder of Trayvon Martin by a self-styled vigilante, Black Lives Matter has focused national attention for the first time on the repeated deaths of unarmed black men and women at the hands of those who are meant to protect and serve. Now, even the mainstream media no longer treat such deaths as isolated incidents unworthy of coverage. Instead, it is recognized that they form a systemic pattern, and even presidential candidates have to respond to that pattern. That is a victory and it was almost beyond imagination even a few years ago. Of course, the real victory will come when police stop shooting unarmed people, but at least now the country generally admits that it happens. Similarly, many of us on the left have long known that wages in this country began to stagnate in the mid-1970s. We’ve watched the minimum wage (once intended to be for a family’s “breadwinner”) shrink to a poverty stipend. We’ve seen income and wealth inequality swell to the greatest levels since the Gilded Age of the nineteenth century. But it took the Occupy movement to remind us that the 99% could reclaim political power. It took organizations like OUR Walmart and the Fight for $15, lifted by Bernie Sanders’s run for the Democratic nomination, to bring that discussion into the mainstream. For the first time in years, the words “working class” have slipped back into public discourse. CNN now runs stories with headlines like “Working class white men make less than they did in 1996.” A few years ago, as far as anyone could tell from the mainstream media, we lived in a country populated by a vast, undifferentiated “middle class,” and a few wealthy or impoverished outliers. Now, both the Trump and Clinton campaigns have found that they must address the pain of working people. We may not agree with their proposed solutions, but they have to talk about it. That, too, is a change and a victory of sorts. Wait! You Mean We Won Something?  For many years I’ve noticed that my corner of the political world, roughly the American left, has had a very hard time recognizing and claiming our victories. Maybe that’s because it’s cost us so much to understand all the ways in which the standard American narrative is a lie, to grasp how little the American Way -- whatever Superman may have believed -- has had to do with truth and justice. From birth, Americans normally swim in an ocean of heroic mythology about American exceptionalism, and for many of us it’s been difficult to make our way out of its riptides. So our knowledge has been hard-won. Figuring out that the United States is not the international defender of liberty we learned about in school wasn’t easy. It took work to realize and accept, for instance, that our country routinely supported dictators and torturers. We opposed U.S. efforts to prop up strongmen like Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines and Augusto Pinochet in Chile, and called out the hypocrisy when the U.S. government was shocked! shocked! to discover what they actually were. Having invested so much effort in recognizing the lies of the American exceptionalist narrative, we find it difficult to acknowledge when our government does something right. The Paris Agreement on climate, signed by 190 countries, comes into effect this November 4th. That’s because on October 5th, the world met two key criteria: ratification by at least 55 of the signatory countries, and ratification by countries responsible for producing 55% of the planet’s greenhouse gases. It’s fair to say that, without the Obama administration, this agreement to confront the extinction-level threat that climate change represents would not have come into being. Like any compromise, it’s by no means a perfect accord, but it’s the best chance we’ve seen in a long time that the Earth will remain the habitable and welcoming place for human beings (among many other species) that it’s been these last tens of thousands of years. This victory belongs to environmental activists around the world, and we should claim it! It’s almost as if, having worked so hard to understand the role and power of the United States on the world stage and of a ruling elite at home, we’ve imagined this country as a far greater powerhouse than it is.  It’s almost as if recognizing any cracks in the edifice of American power might endanger that hard-won worldview. It’s almost as if the possibility that we can sometimes push our country to do something right, that our side can sometimes win, seems to rattle us. Faced with that disorienting possibility, I suspect it’s sometimes easier to believe that, while we must always fight the good fight, our adversary is too strong for us ever to expect victories. On the domestic front many of us, both people of color and white Americans, have struggled to recognize our personal implicit racial biases. We’ve likewise taken the time and effort to reexamine what we were taught about U.S. history so that we could grasp the enduring and shape-shifting longevity of systemic racism. Knowing this history so well seems to make it harder for some of us to recognize and claim victories when they come. When, in front of 80 million Americans, Hillary Clinton says that “implicit bias is a problem for everyone, not just [the] police,” that is a victory, and we should take it in and savor it. When President Obama responds to mass incarceration by commuting the sentences of federal drug offenders, that is a victory, however modest. It took half a decade for the ideas in Michelle Alexander’s groundbreaking book The New Jim Crow to penetrate to a mass audience. Now, the country has finally begun to recognize what prison activists have been saying for years: there is something very wrong when the “leader of the free world” has the largest prison population on the planet. An outrage that, a decade ago, was invisible to just about everyone except the affected communities and a small number of activists is now known to all. Our prisons are a national and international scandal and the spread of that knowledge -- and the urge to do something about it -- is also a victory, one worth celebrating, however provisionally. Who’s Most Likely to Be Hopeful? In the 1980s, I spent six months in Nicaragua’s war zones at a time when my government, the Reagan administration, was supporting the Contra armies against the Sandinista government. Together with many sectors of Nicaraguan society, the Sandinistas had thrown out the U.S.-supported dictator, Anastasio Somoza. Over and over I was struck by how living in the midst of war was like being stretched between two temporal realities. In the morning, a Nicaraguan in the town of Jalapa might help dig a communal refugio to shelter children from airplane attacks. In the afternoon, she might risk attack or kidnapping by the U.S.-backed Contras to plant trees that would take years to mature on mountains that had been clear-cut by American lumber companies during the Somoza dictatorship. You always had one eye on the present and the other on a better future. The Nicaraguans I knew seemed eternally ready for a party under the worst conditions imaginable. One day, in the city of Estelí, I remember running into an American friend who told me this story: she’d been feeling bummed recently because the Contras had attacked a little town near where she was living and killed seven children.  It seemed to her as if this miserable war would never end. The family with whom she was staying was going to a fiesta that night and asked her along. “I don’t feel like it,” she said. “I’m too depressed.” “You can afford to be depressed,” they told her, “because you’re going home soon. We are the ones who will still be stuck in the war, so we have to have hope for the future. We have to dance. Now, get dressed, we’re going to a party.” What group in the United States is most optimistic about the future? Surprisingly, according to a recent Gallup Healthways poll, it’s not the billionaires among us, but poor African Americans. A Brookings report on the poll suggests a number of reasons for this, and adds, “[T]he optimism of black Americans -- especially the poorest -- is a reason to be a little more hopeful. The second term of our first black President is nearing its end, but a renegade political candidate with open disdain for minority groups is enjoying rising support. At such a moment in history, it is noteworthy that it is black Americans who seem to be keeping faith with the American Dream.” Another poll, commissioned in 2015 by the Atlantic, found that “African Americans and Latinos are far more likely to be optimistic than their white counterparts, both about their personal station in life and the future of the country more broadly.” Such people are anything but stupid. They know that their communities are confronting terrible challenges, but they know, too, how important it is not to forget to dance. Why Doing Politics Is Like Surfing How do outrageous ideas -- for example, that women are human beings, or that the U.S. locks up way too many people, or even that gay people should be able to get married if they want to -- suddenly morph into everyday commonsense? It’s rarely an accident. It almost always involves dedicated people working away for years on an issue, often unnoticed, before it seems suddenly to surge into general awareness. Sometimes I think the politically engaged life is like surfing. You expend an enormous effort paddling past the breaking surf.  Then you sit on your board breathing hard, scanning the horizon for the wave. Sometimes you sit out there for a long, long time, but when that wave comes, you have to be ready to grab it -- and enjoy it. Even when the wave looks like a sinking Donald J. Trump. © 2016 Rebecca Gordon Rebecca Gordon Rebecca Gordon is the author of the new book American Nuremberg: The U.S. Officials Who Should Stand Trial for Post-9/11 War Crimes and previously, Mainstreaming Torture: Ethical Approaches in the Post-9/11 United States. She teaches in the philosophy department at the University of San Francisco. She is a member of the War Times/Tiempo de Guerras collective. You can contact her through the Mainstreaming Torture website. Share This Article Related Articles In Wake of Trump Victory, Progressives Urge Democratic Party Overhaul The Day After Polls Showed Sanders Had a Better Shot of Beating Trump–but Pundits Told You to Ignore Them Where the Democrats Go From Here More in: Economy, Climate, U.S. , People's Climate, Election 2016 Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Adam Johnson Polls Showed Sanders Had a Better Shot of Beating Trump–but Pundits Told You to Ignore Them Glenn Greenwald Trump Will Have Vast Powers. He Can Thank Democrats for Them. Alec MacGillis Revenge of the Forgotten Class John Light The Lawsuit That Could Save the Planet Michael Brune Determined, Not Defeated Carl Lindskoog When Trump’s “Deportation Force” Comes for Us, History Can Show Us How to Respond David Smith-Ferri Something to Teach Us About Living Well Olga Bonfiglio The Day After Bernie Sanders Where the Democrats Go From Here Michael Winship Add Nov. 9 to the Mornings I’d Rather Forget Frida Berrigan Confessions of a Lifelong White House Protester Diane Ravitch Richard Kirsch: It Is Always Darkest Just Before the Dawn More Views News That Matters In Wake of Trump Victory, Progressives Urge Democratic Party Overhaul TPP's "Cardiac Arrest": A Lesson for the Challenges of the Trump Years Ahead Protests Head Into Fourth Day as Sanders Urges Trump 'Heed the Views of Progressives' Betraying Water Protectors, Obama Set to Approve Dakota Access Pipeline Amid DNC Reckoning, Ellison Emerges as Progressive Antidote to Trump Naomi Klein Delivers Sydney Peace Prize Lecture Against Backdrop of Trump Win Donald Trump May Choose Bush-Era Torture Architect for CIA Chief Climate Change Has Already Altered Nearly Every Ecosystem on Earth From Birth Control to Passports: Embattled Groups Prepare for Trump Trump and GOP Set to Eviscerate Warren's Consumer Protection Agency More News Further Hallelujah: Not Giving Up As anti-moronic-bigot protests continue and Clinton's popular vote margin climbs toward two million, Saturday Night Live's cold open at the end of a tough week got it hauntingly right. Hear a tearful Kate McKinnon, as Clinton, sing the newly departed Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah” at the piano. Even though it all went wrong, she ends, "I'm not giving up, and neither should you." Many of us are trying. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
👤 Register / Login Contact Advertise Newsletters Magazines Conferences About Search: 2,834 Franchises | 3,203 Articles | 58,313 News Stories Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Getting Started » What is Franchising? » Franchising Articles » Franchise Blogs » Franchise Events » Franchise Guides » Franchise News » Success Stories » Franchise Videos » Net Worth Calculator Browse Opportunities » Search » By Industry » By Location » By Investment » By Alpha » By Type » By Maturity Find a Franchise: INDUSTRY: Any Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending MAX INVESTMENT: Any Over $1,000,000 $750,000 $500,000 $450,000 $400,000 $350,000 $300,000 $250,000 $200,000 $150,000 $100,000 $90,000 $80,000 $70,000 $60,000 $50,000 $40,000 $30,000 $20,000 $10,000 LOCATION: Any ----- United States ----- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming ----- Canada ----- Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory ----- Other International ----- OPPORTUNITY TYPE: Any Non-Franchised Business Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Featured Choices: Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Veteran Opportunities Popular Choices: Food Franchises Small Business Franchises Retail Franchises Entertainment Franchises Automotive Franchises Childrens Franchises Business Services Franchises Browse By Industry: Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Staffing Travel Vending United States: AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Canada: AB BC MB NB NL NT NS ON PE PQ SK YT Europe: AL AD AT BY BE BA BG HR CY CZ DK EE FO FI FR DE GI GR HU IS IE IM IT KV LV LI LT LU MK MT MD MC ME NL NO PL PT RO RU SM RS SK SI ES SE CH UA UK VA RS International All Opportunities Browse By Investment: Quick Start Investments Under $50,000 Low Cost Investments From $50,000 to $100,000 Mid-Range Investments From $100,000 to $500,000 High Investments Over $500,000 Browse By Investment Browse By Name: # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Browse Directory Browse By Type: Business Opportunities Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Browse Directory Browse By Maturity: New Opportunities Opportunities in their first 5 years Established Opportunities From 5 to 25 years in Business Seasoned Opportunities From 25 to 50 years in Business Classic Opportunities Over 50 Years In Business Browse Directory Resources Business Services: Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications Browse Resource Directory News » All » Alliances » Events » Expansions » Financial » Media Coverage » Mergers » Personnel » Products » Rankings Popular News: Urban Float to Mainstream Floatation Therapy, Launches National Expansion Plans 101 Mobility Makes Debut on Franchise Times Top 200+ Blue Moon Estate Sales Appoints New Digital Platform Manager UFC Gym® Set To Open First Signature Location In Florida On November 5 The Junkluggers Brings ‘Green’ Junk Removal to Charlotte Anytime Fitness Names Andy Gundlach “Club Operator Of The Year” – Again Wienerschnitzel Teams Up with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network to Honor Company Founder SUBWAY® Celebrates National Sandwich Day with The Good Deed Feed™ - Unlimited Donations to Feeding America® Pinot’s Palette® Named to 2016 Franchise Times Top 200+ NFL & Restaurant Industry Veteran Opens 2nd Jersey Mike’s Location Tomorrow Submit NewsBrowse News Recent Mergers & Acquisitions: RE/MAX, LLC Agrees to Purchase RE/MAX New Jersey Master Franchise Alliance Franchise Brands Acquires KKP Canada All Chili's Restaurants In Idaho Are Open And Ready To Serve Guests Under New Management All Chili's Restaurants In Washington Are Open And Ready To Serve Guests Under New Management Senior Helpers® Primed for Growth with Acquisition by Altaris Capital Partners, LLC Browse Mergers Recent Financial News: Texas Roadhouse, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend Gap Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter Dividend H&R Block Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend Boston Pizza Royalties Income Fund Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Reports Results for Third Quarter 2016 Browse Financial News Recent Expansion News: Hyatt Announces Entry Into Pakistan With Plans For Four Hyatt-Branded Hotels NTY Franchise Company Opens Their 200th Store Seva Grand Opening In Hemet, CA Wendy's Celebrates National Adoption Night in South Florida DoubleTree by Hilton Opens Historic Oceanfront Hotel on Hilo Bay in Hawaii Browse Expansion News Recent Personnel News: BRIX Holdings Promotes Craig Erlich to President Dan Murphy Announces Retirement from The Growth Coach Home Care Assistance of Pasadena Welcomes Liz Perrigue, CSA, as Home Care Liaison Wyndham Worldwide Welcomes Louise Brady to Board of Directors Villa Restaurant Group Announces Key Promotion Within Newly Formed Communications And Digital Marketing Department Browse Personnel News Recent Strategic Alliance News: Join The Merry Mission At Build-A-Bear Workshop To Support Boys & Girls Clubs Of America Elevation Burger Announces Partnership with Washington Redskins Bar Louie Salutes Veterans and Active Military with Free Entrée on Veterans Day and Offers 'Give Back' Donation to Operation Homefront Wienerschnitzel Teams Up with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network to Honor Company Founder 11 Million Reasons to Say “Thank You America” Browse Alliance News Recent Rankings News: PrideStaff Northern Kentucky Recognized for Stellar Growth HomeVestors Named a Top Low-Cost Franchise by Franchise Business Review sweetFrog Honors Veterans With Free Treats It’s a Clean Sweep for Office Pride of Dover as it Receives 2016 “Franchise of the Year” and “Standards of Excellence” Awards ATWork Group’s Jason Leverant Receives Volunteer of the Year Award Browse Rankings News Recent Events News: The Wendy's Company to Report 2016 Third-Quarter Results on Wednesday, November 9 Famous Dave's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Snap-on to Present at Baird Industrial Conference Weight Watchers Announces Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call Jamba to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results on November 4th, 2016 Browse Events News Recent Media Coverage: Five Military Veterans Win Travel Franchises from CruiseOne/Dream Vacations Window World Completes 100th Veterans Airlift Command Mission House Doctors Celebrates Veteran Franchise Owners Army Officer and Coldwell Banker Customer's Awesome Homecoming Moment Chosen for National Advertising Campaign The Habit Burger Grill Raises $418,000 To Fight Childhood Hunger Browse Media Coverage Recent Product Announcements: Lightbridge Academy’s Unique ParentView® Internet Monitoring System Gives Parents the Peace of Mind They Need Fajita Flatbreads Are Back At Arby’s With New Slow-Cooked Chicken And Spicy Ghost Pepper Sauce Smiling Moose Rocky Mountain Deli Puts Adventurous Spin on Original Mo! Sandwich Huddle House Launches New Franchise Information Website Dickey's Barbecue Pit Will Offer Specials On Veterans Day To Thank Them For Their Service Browse Product Announcements Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Subscribe » Newsletters » Magazines » Social Media Franchising.com Newsletters: Franchising.com Express Weekly Digest of Franchise Opportunities & News Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Ideas, strategies and solutions for today's high achieving franchisees. Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Marketing insights, strategies, and intelligence for today's growing franchisors. Franchise Update Sales Report Your source for leadership, sales, and marketing intelligence. Browse Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions: Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Dedicated Exclusively to Multi-Unit and Multi-Brand Franchisees Franchise Update Magazine Business Intelligence for Growing Franchisors Browse Magazines Social Media Channels: YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Register / Login Franchise Opportunities Getting Started Topics Features Guides Blogs Events Videos Browse Opportunities Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Listed Franchises By Industry By Location By Investment By Alpha By Type By Maturity Franchise Resources Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications News All Alliances Events Expansions Financial Media Coverage Mergers Personnel Products Rankings Conferences Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Franchise Update Media About Us Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Advertise Contact Us 0 Shares   12 Reads Home: News: Dick's Wings & Grill: ARC Group Announces Opening Of Two New Dick's Wings Restaurants LAFAYETTE, La. - Oct. 17, 2016 // PRNewswire // - ARC Group, Inc. (OTCQB: ARCK), the owner, operator and franchisor of the award-winning Dick's Wings & Grill® concept, announced the recent opening of its newest Dick's Wings & Grill restaurant in Atlantic Beach, Fla. and the relocation of its restaurant located in the Mandarin section of Jacksonville, Fla. The new Dick's Wings & Grill in Atlantic Beach is located in the Mayport area at 2434 Mayport Road, proximate to Naval Station Mayport and Hanna Park.  The restaurant is a free-standing facility with approximately 3,200 square feet of space, featuring an outdoor patio area and interior bar.  The new location seats approximately 125 guests and employs 30 team members from the local area.  The relocated Mandarin restaurant is located at 10550 Old St. Augustine Road, near Interstate 295. The restaurant is an end cap in a shopping center, which contains a Wal-Mart, and is surrounded by both residential and commercial developments. It is approximately 4,000 square feet in size and features an interior bar and game room area.  The new location seats approximately 165 guests and employs 40 team members from the local area. Both restaurants feature Dick's Wings® extensive menu, including its signature Dick's Wings chicken wings, chicken tenders and hog wings, and its Dick's Blingz® boneless chicken wings, which offer 365 mouth-watering flavors. The kitchen serves dine-in customers while also offering carry-out and catering services.  Hours of operation are from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m., Sunday through Thursday, and 11 a.m. to 12 a.m., Friday and Saturday. "We continue to branch out into new territories within the Southeast and capitalize on our strong brand name recognition in North Florida," stated Richard W. Akam, Chief Executive Officer of ARC Group, Inc.  "Mayport is a logical choice as it brings us back to our roots with its proximity to Naval Station Mayport.  It also expands our brand in our hometown of Jacksonville without infringing upon our other area locations.  The relocation of our Mandarin restaurant represents the repositioning of an already successful Dick's Wings and Grill into a more visible and modern facility." "Landlords have seen the revitalization of our brand and are aggressively seeking our restaurants to help enhance their plazas and centers," added Akam.  "These newest restaurants are prime examples of this and represent a continuation of the efficient restaurant conversion strategy that we successfully implemented a couple of years ago.  Our conversion model is less expensive and much faster to complete, offering restaurant operators with existing sites an opportunity to convert to a Dick's Wings and Grill in as little as 60 days." About Dick's Wings Dick's Wings restaurants are family fun fooderys® where both families and sports fans can go to enjoy a unique restaurant experience from first bite to last call®.  Dick's Wings offers a variety of boldly-flavored menu items highlighted by its award-winning, Buffalo, New York-style chicken wings and hog wings and its Dick's Blingz® boneless chicken wings, for which it boasts 365 mouth-watering flavors.  It also offers customers a variety of fresh sandwiches, burgers, wraps, salads and signature waffle fries.  Guests enjoy these menu items in an elevated sports-themed environment that includes flat screen TVs located throughout each restaurant and children's areas filled with video games and other forms of children's entertainment.  Dick's Wings is actively offering franchise opportunities in the Orlando, Tampa, Gainesville and Mobile/Pensacola metropolitan areas.  For more information about Dick's Wings exciting menu offering and locations, and for additional franchising information, please visitwww.dickswingsandgrill.com. About ARC Group, Inc. ARC Group, Inc., headquartered in Lafayette, Louisiana, is the owner, operator and franchisor of the Dick's Wings & Grill concept and the co-owner of the owner, operator and franchisor of the Wing Nutz® concept.  Now in its 22nd year of operation, Dick's Wings prides itself on its award-winning chicken wings and hog wings spun in its signature sauces and seasonings.  Wing Nutz offers a large selection of premium baked chicken wings and other baked products.  Wing Nutz also offers its own proprietary line of craft beers under the name "Nut Job Beers".  Dick's Wings has 18 restaurants in Florida and six restaurants in Georgia.  It also has two concession stands at EverBank Field, home of the NFL's Jacksonville Jaguars.  Wing Nutz has nine restaurants in Utah, two restaurants in Texas, one restaurant in Nevada and one restaurant in Idaho. Safe Harbor Provision This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created thereby.  All statements other than statements of historical fact contained herein, including, without limitation, statements regarding the Company's future financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "estimates," "anticipates," or "believes" or the negative thereof or any variation thereon or similar terminology or expressions.  Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from results proposed in such statements.  Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can provide no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct.  Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations include, but are not limited to, those factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and its other filings and submissions with the SEC.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.  Except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. SOURCE ARC Group, Inc. ### Social Reach: Viewer Response: Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Dick's Wings & Grill » Dick's Wings & Grill has become one of the fastest growing franchises in North Florida along with America's appetite for comfortable family dining. Browse: Business Overview Franchise News Franchise News Room » All Franchise News Expansion Financial Mergers & Acquisitions Personnel General Announcements Conference Product Announcements Media Coverage Strategic Alliances News By Industry » Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending Hot Opportunities Kiddie Academy Educational Child Care Franchise. Kiddie Academy is one of the nation's... Dessange Dessange is the salon of choice for international film stars, celebrities... SpeedPro Imaging SpeedPro Imaging is the ONLY franchise available exclusively focusing on... AAMCO Transmissions and Total Car Care AAMCO franchisees benefit from joining a brand that has been in business... The Pizza Press GET READY TO BRING NEWSWORTHY PIZZA TO YOUR TOWN! The Pizza Press is... Big O Tires, LLC With more than 50 years in the tire and automotive maintenance industry,... Wireless Zone Almost 25 years ago an instantly successful business began called... MassageLuXe MassageLuXe® is a fast-growing massage franchise providing massage... Share This Page CHANNELS Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors GETTING STARTED What is Franchising? Franchising Articles Franchise Blogs Franchise Events Franchise Guides Franchise News Success Stories Franchise Videos Net Worth Calculator OPPORTUNITIES Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Franchises A-Z By Industry By Type By Location By Investment By Maturity RESOURCES Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications PRODUCTS & SERVICES Franchise Learning Academy Annual Franchise Development Report Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide Technology Buyer's Guide CONFERENCES Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference MAGAZINES Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Franchise Update Magazine ABOUT Advertising Corporate Information Press Contact Us Legal Notices Privacy Policy Advertiser Login SOCIAL Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube The franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a franchise opportunity. Franchise Update Media | P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681 Copyright © 2001 - 2016. All Rights Reserved. Site Hosting Provided By: wishVPS on FUMG3 In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Local Deals Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Garner Cleveland Record October 17, 2016 10:30 AM Crime Notes: Oct. 19 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner arrests ▪  Oct. 7, 10 a.m., Charles Michael Padgett, 30, of 517 Haywood St., Raleigh, was charged with breaking and entering a motor vehicle, resisting a public officer and misdemeanor larceny. ▪  Oct. 8, 2:20 a.m., Byron Eugene Seward, 55, of 140 Peace Lane, Clayton, was charged with breaking and entering, larceny after breaking and entering, and possession of burglary tools. ▪  Oct. 8, 9:20 p.m., Brian Anthony Smith, 32, of anywhere in Raleigh, was charged with misdemeanor larceny. ▪  Oct. 11, 2:20 p.m., Daron Jahques Jones, 26, of 1120 Taos Trail, Raleigh, was charged with obtaining property by false pretense. ▪  Oct. 11, 4:30 p.m., Robert Louis Brown, 65, of anywhere in Garner, was charged with second-degree trespassing. ▪  Oct. 11, 9:20 p.m., Corrina Marie Davidson, 26, of 218 Bedrock Drive, Garner, was charged with simple assault. ▪  Oct. 11, 9:47 p.m., Toni Simone Harris, 20, of 910 Vernon St., Garner, was charged with failure to appear for a simple assault charge. ▪  Oct. 11, 11:08 p.m., Drew Clark Peterson, 30, of 1431 Tumbling Stone Way, Garner, was charged with drunken driving. ▪  Oct. 13, 9:35 a.m., Brittany Keon Williams, 25, of 702 Buck Branch Drive, Garner, was charged with failure to appear for driving with a revoked license and failure to appear on charges of possession of marijuana paraphernalia. ▪  Oct. 13, 10:45 a.m., Reynaldo Herminio Chavez-Sosa, 29, of 4400 Twig Court, Apex, was charged with failure to appear for drunken driving and failing to stop at a red light. ▪  Oct. 13, 11:45 a.m., Christopher Nicholas Markham, 21, of 921 East Gilbreath St., Graham, was charged with possession of heroin and failure to appear on charges of driving with a revoked license in Alamance County. ▪  Oct. 13, 3:10 p.m., William Henry Harrell III, 29, of 7301 Stonecliff Drive, Raleigh, was charged with resisting a public officer, shoplifting and second-degree trespassing. ▪  Oct. 13, 8:20 p.m., Tyshawn Walik Foster, 20, of 1840 Scholar Circle, Raleigh, was charged with possession of cocaine with the intent to sell or distribute, possession of heroin with the intent to sell or distribute and maintaining a vehicle or dwelling for selling drugs. Garner incidents ▪  Oct. 7, 2:06 a.m., police responded to a drunken driving incident in the 700 block of U.S. 70 East. ▪  Oct. 7, 10:58 a.m., someone reported they had things stolen from their car in a parking lot in the 5000 block of Winterlochen Road. ▪  Oct. 7, 11:16 a.m., someone reported they had things stolen from their car in the 4400 block of Jessup Drive. ▪  Oct. 7, 12:12 p.m., employees at Intown Suites reported someone vandalized or damaged their motel in the 1400 block of U.S. 70 West. ▪  Oct. 7, 12:33 p.m., someone reported they had things stolen from their car in the 4000 block of Vesta Drive. ▪  Oct. 7, 1:11 p.m., employees at Burlington Coat Factory reported someone stealing suits from their store in the 1200 block of Timber Drive East. ▪  Oct. 7, 3 p.m., someone reported their car was broken into at their home in the 400 block of Winterlochen Road. ▪  Oct. 8, 12:29 a.m., someone reported their car was damaged in a parking lot in the 100 block of Shenstone Boulevard. ▪  Oct. 8, 2 a.m., Garner Area Ministries reported a burglary and damage to a window and wall in their building in the 500 block of Village Court. ▪  Oct. 8, 2:15 a.m., Lin Cleaners reported a burglary at their business in the 200 block of Aversboro Road. ▪  Oct. 8, 10:03 a.m., employees at Target in the 1000 block of Timber Drive East reported someone attempting to steal a cellphone case from their store. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 8, 5:35 p.m., employees at BJ’s Warehouse in the 200 block of Shenstone Boulevard reported someone stole a 32-inch Samsung television from their store. ▪  Oct. 8, 7:20 p.m., employees at Murphy’s gas in the 4500 block of Fayetteville Road reported someone shoplifting. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 8, 9:23 p.m., police responded to a report of drugs in the 100 block of Cabela Drive. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 9, 9:43 a.m., someone reported their car was stolen in the 1500 block of U.S. 70 West. ▪  Oct. 9, 10:15 a.m., someone reported their lawn equipment was stolen from their home in the 100 block of Vista Ridge Lane. ▪  Oct. 9, 1:17 p.m., someone reported a credit card fraud at a financial institution in the 300 block of Vandora Springs Drive. ▪  Oct. 9, 2:49 p.m., someone reported they had cash stolen from their home in the 300 block of Copperline Drive. ▪  Oct. 9, 4:18 p.m., someone reported they were assaulted in a grocery store in the 1400 block of Aversboro Road. ▪  Oct. 9, 4:18 p.m, employees at Lowes Food reported someone shoplifting from their grocery store in the 1800 block of Aversboro Road. ▪  Oct. 9, 7:36 p.m., someone reported they were assaulted in the 1300 block of West Garner Road. ▪  Oct. 9, 9:23 p.m., police reported someone had drugs on them in the 100 block of Cabela Drive. ▪  Oct. 9, 11 p.m., someone reported they were assaulted at their home in the 1100 block of Pinewinds Drive. ▪  Oct. 10, 3:52 a.m., employees at Walmart in the 4500 block of Fayetteville Road reported someone shoplifting water speakers from their store. ▪  Oct. 10, 8:24 a.m., Capital Chrysler Jeep Dodge reported tires and rims stolen from their parking lot in the 200 block of Waterfield Ridge Place. ▪  Oct. 10, 12:22 p.m., police reported a drug offense in the 1500 block of U.S. 70 West. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 10, 12:30 p.m., employees at Walmart in the 4500 block of Fayetteville Road reported someone shoplifting food from their store. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 10, 3:24 p.m., someone reported their purse, cellphone, wallet, credit cards and glasses were stolen from their car in the 200 block of East Garner Road. ▪  Oct. 10, 4:51 p.m., someone reported their license plate was stolen off their car in a parking lot in the 900 block of Seventh Avenue. ▪  Oct. 10, 4:55 p.m., someone reported they were assaulted at their home in the 1200 block of Creech Road. ▪  Oct. 10, 5:20 p.m., someone reported their purse and wallet was stolen from their car in the 900 block of Buffaloe Road. ▪  Oct. 11, 12:07 a.m., police reported someone having and using drugs in the 1200 block of Poole Drive. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 11, 3:39 a.m., police reported someone seling and using drugs from their home in the 1500 block of Pinewinds Drive. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 11, 11:52 a.m., someone reported a fraud in the 100 block of Cedar Lane. ▪  Oct. 11, 2:58 p.m., employees at Kohl’s reported someone shoplifting from their store in the 100 block of Shenstone Boulevard. ▪  Oct. 11, 4:52 p.m., employees at Glam-O-Rama reported someone trespassing on their property in the 200 block of Forest Hills Drive. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 11, 8:13 p.m., someone reported they were assaulted in a Walmart parking lot in the 4500 block of Fayetteville Road. ▪  Oct. 11, 9:01 p.m., someone reported they were assaulted in a Walmart parking lot in the 4500 block of Fayetteville Road. ▪  Oct. 11, 11:47 p.m., police responded to a drunken driving incident in the 1300 block of Timber Drive. ▪  Oct. 12, 2:31 a.m., someone reported their car was stolen from a parking lot in an apartment complex in the 900 block of Seventh Avenue. ▪  Oct. 12, 8:46 a.m., police responded to a report of a weapon on South Garner High’s campus in the 8200 block of Hebron Church Road. ▪  Oct. 12, 6:36 p.m., someone reported a burglary at their home in the 4400 block of Green Spring Drive. ▪  Oct. 13, 11:31 a.m., police responded to a drunken driving incident in the 500 block of U.S. 70 West. The case was cleared by arrest. ▪  Oct. 13, 3 p.m., employees at Hair and Beauty reported someone shoplifting from their store in the 1400 block of Garner Station Boulevard. ▪  Oct. 13, 3:46 p.m., someone reported their car was broken into in the 900 block of Buffaloe Road. ▪  Oct. 13, 6:09 p.m., someone reported their tire was damaged in a parking lot in the 100 block of Shenstone Boulevard. ▪  Oct. 13, 7:14 p.m., El Toro Supermarket in the 3600 block of Junction Boulevard reported one of their employees embezzled money from their grocery store. ▪  Oct. 13, 7:39 p.m., someone reported they were assaulted at their home in the 1000 block of Red Brick Road. The case was cleared by arrest. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner Cleveland Record Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:36 Roy Williams’ Comments Following Win Over Chattanooga Pause 0:31 Downtown Raleigh coffee shop 42 & Lawrence served coffee the Gilmore Girls way 1:45 The heart and soul of Garner Football 2:38 Meet Judge Mike Morgan, North Carolina's newest Supreme Court justice 1:00 Hundreds of anti-Donald Trump protesters march in downtown Raleigh 6:24 NC State's Mark Gottfried talks about Ted Kapita and the Wolfpack's win 3:03 Voting blue amid a sea of red in rural North Carolina 5:14 McCrory: 'We're going to check everything' 1:43 Clinton embraces ‘nasty woman’, Trump calls media crooks - Election Rewind 1:26 Paul Ryan rebukes Trump's KKK controversy, saying 'This is the party of Lincoln' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Veteran's given the weddings the never had 1:59 2 days ago Veteran's given the weddings the never had 1:45 2 days ago The heart and soul of Garner Football 4:00 19 days ago Scotty McCreery – “In Color” View more video Garner Cleveland Record Wake County voters approve tax hike for transit Vets and their spouses have the wedding ceremony they always wanted but never had Voters approved the Wake Transit Plan. So what’s next? High school football players rally around ‘Dec Man,’ their inspirational manager – Nagem Veteran's given the weddings the never had Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 4 Recession-Proof Stocks Look to these recession-proof stocks to protect your investments in an economic downturn. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Oct 17, 2016 at 9:37AM Image source: Getty Images.  Concerns about a recession have been rippling through the market since the beginning of the year when the stock market entered a correction and oil prices were at rock-bottom levels. JPMorgan Chase predicted that there was a 67% chance of the U.S. hitting a recession by the end of 2017,  while the big banks generally agreed that 20% of the country was entering a recession, defined as two straight quarters of negative growth, this year. That didn't happen. Oil prices have recovered somewhat, and the S&P 500 is back near record highs. Strong job growth has continued -- with the country near full employment and the unemployment rate at 5%. Still, after seven years of expansion, cyclical forces are likely to send the economy into a recession at some point in the next few years -- the longest economic expansion in the modern era was the decade-long tech-boom in the 1990s. For investors looking to protect themselves from a potential recession, here are four stocks to consider. 1. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) The social networking leader may seem like an odd choice for a recession, but the company has as bulletproof a business model as any other and the job loss and downtime that come during a recession is only likely to promote the use of a service many already view as an easy diversion or a time waster. Of course, monthly average users are nice but that alone won't drive Facebook's business. The company needs to bring in advertising dollars, and while some businesses cut ad budgets during an advertising downturn, there is significant evidence that doing so damages a brand long term. Just as Facebook has a unique opportunity to add new users during a recession, so brands have a chance to increase market share and customer loyalty by maintaining their marketing budgets, especially with an essential service. Rival Alphabet was able to maintain positive revenue and earnings growth during the last recession. 2. Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) A high-priced growth stock like Netflix may be the opposite of what's generally considered a defensive recession-proof stock, but there are a number of reasons why the leading video streamer could thrive during a recession. Like Facebook, the company offers an easy escape for those who may be struggling in the job market or have additional free time. Notably, movie theaters were some of the few businesses that boomed during the Great Depression as Americans sought escapist entertainment. Netflix has the ability to offer a similar benefit during a downturn, and it has a strong value proposition at a price of just $10 per month, compared to cable packages that now cost on average more than $100 a month. If tough times hit, it's easy to see how millions of Americans may decide to cut the cord and get a Netflix subscription instead. Furthermore, Netflix could see benefits on the cost side of the equation as prices for content could easily come down as competition among peers decreases and producers become more eager to make deals and bring in the extra income that comes with a streaming contract. All in all, Netflix could emerge as a big winner during a recession. During the last recession, the company continued to grow revenue and earnings at a fast pace, and the stock barely flinched. 3. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) Wal-Mart is well regarded by the market as a strong stock to own during the recession. The retail giant has staked its reputation on Everyday Low Prices and is well known among consumers for its price competitiveness. The company tends to cater to a low- and middle-income population, but during a recession, its potential shopper base can swell as customers who might ordinarily spend their money somewhere else flock to Wal-Mart to save. As a Dividend Aristocrat that has raised its quarterly payout every year for 41 consecutive years, the company has upheld its commitment to increase shareholder returns. It now offers a dividend yield of 3%, making it the typical defensive stock that investors turn to during a recession. The stock also has a beta of just 0.1, meaning there's little correlation between its performance and the broader market's. The stock has also done well during the market pullbacks in the past. During the correction early this year, Wal-Mart was actually one of the few stocks that continued to gain as investors assumed it was a good bet during a potential downturn. Similarly, the retail giant weathered the 2008-2009 recession much better than the broader market. 4. Portfolio Recovery Associates (NASDAQ:PRAA) Looking for a stock that actually directly benefits from tough times? Look no further than Portfolio Recovery Associates.  The company specializes in debt collection -- its business acquires, collects, and processes unpaid accounts receivables. A recession can create an opportunity for PRA as more accounts go unpaid. During the last recession, it was able to collect 13% more consumer debt by targeting banks and using more aggressive tactics.  It can take several years for the company to collect unpaid debts, meaning that a recession doesn't immediately provide a boon to its business, but as it creates more uncollected accounts, the company can take advantage by growing its portfolio, which can fuel its collections over the coming years.  A recession can also make debt cheaper, giving the company an additional advantage as debt prices were estimated to fall 40% during the last recession, and PRA stock also recovered quickly. Following the stock's recent drop, a recession could be just the thing to help PRA bounce back. The son of PRA Group's CEO is currently employed by The Motley Fool. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Netflix. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook, Netflix, and PRA Group. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 9:37AM Consumer Goods Stocks Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $114.78 down $0.64 (-0.55%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $71.23 down $0.16 (-0.22%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $119.02 down $-1.78 (-1.47%) PRA Group NASDAQ:PRAA $31.00 up $0.30 (0.98%) Read More Two New Stock Picks Every Month! Can Netflix Save Cable? What Investors Missed in the Market Last Week Netflix Stock in 3 Charts How Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Are Affecting Holiday Spending Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News PBS Kids Unveils New ‘Playtime Pad’ Tablet to Deliver Video to Young Viewers Brian Steinberg Senior TV Editor @bristei 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Courtesy of PBS Kids October 17, 2016 | 06:00AM PT Kids will no longer require a TV or computer screen to watch their favorite PBS programs. The public broadcaster, which in recent months has taken several aggressive steps to broaden the distribution of its educational kids’ programming, said it would launch its first branded tablet for TV’s youngest viewers. The “Playtime Pad,” produced by consumer-electronics firm Ematic, is expected to debut November 6 at Best Buy, on Walmart’s e-commerce portal and on PBS’ own shopping site.  The device will come preloaded with more than 25 games and 120 video clips and music videos. and kids will be able to gain access to more than 100 hours of video via the PBS Kids Video App. The company’s PBS Kids Scratch Jr. app, which uses favorite characters to help tech kids coding concepts, will also be included, along with an app that helps parents monitor kids’ progress. Related At PBS, Chasing Kids Who Watch ‘Odd Squad,’ ‘Daniel Tiger’ Isn’t Child’s Play Debut of the product comes as many kids’ TV players are working furiously to reach a generation of viewers who do not access popular programming in linear fashion. Time Warner’s Cartoon Network and Viacom’s Nickelodeon have both unveiled new initiatives aimed at children more accustomed to on-demand viewing. In June, Walt Disney launched an app it calls Disney LOL, which makes available short-form video content to kids related to the company’s many popular characters. NBCUniversal’s Sprout experimented in 2014 with a mobile device it called the “Sprout Cubby.” PBS has in recent months unveiled a large subscription-video-on-demand agreement with Amazon as well as plans to launch a new “multi-cast” kids-programming network that can be accessed via over-the-top connections or digital-cable outlets maintained by local PBS stations. Related How Kids’ TV Networks Are Fighting Off Frightening Declines “PBS Kids is continuously looking for new ways to engage children with media that sparks their curiosity and fosters a love of learning, supporting our mission to help all kids reach their potential,” said Lesli Rotenberg, senior vice president and general manager, of PBS’ children’s media operations, in a prepared statement. “We know that families lead busy, on-the-go lives, so we are excited to offer our high-quality, innovative content on an affordable tablet that helps kids learn and explore with their favorite PBS Kids characters, whenever and wherever.” The new tablet will also contain a front-and-back camera and a coloring app. Parental controls allow parents to customize the device, set screen time limits and manage what kids can access. Net proceeds from sale of the device will support PBS Kids’ efforts.       Filed Under: Kids Tv Lesli Rotenberg PBS Kids Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 7:00PM PT ‘Westworld’ Recap: We’re All Mad Here 2 TV 4:55PM PT WRAL Says It Will ‘Review’ Obscenity Policy In Wake of ‘SNL’ Censorship 3 Biz 4:18PM PT Donald Trump Names Reince Priebus White House Chief of Staff 4 Film 4:08PM PT China Box Office: ‘Billy Lynn’ Has $12 Million Opening Behind ‘Doctor Strange’ 5 TV 4:00PM PT President-Elect Donald Trump’s ’60 Minutes’ Interview: 12 Biggest Takeaways Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Warren Beatty Joins Best Actor Race With Colorful ‘Rules Don’t Apply’ Performance Playback: Jake Gyllenhaal on ‘Nocturnal Animals,’ ‘Demolition’ Response and More Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Bon Jovi se ubica en el primer lugar de la lista Billboard 200 Donald Trump "Fine" With Same Sex Marriage, Vague On Roe V. Wade… Demi Lovato and Boyfriend Luke Rockhold, Madonna, Zac Efron Were… Once Upon a Time Recap: Pain in the Glass — Plus, Did Rumple Go… Watch Dave Chappelle's hilarious SNL opening monologue tackle… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
November 2016 Subscribe Donate Sign in Log in Email : Password: Remember my ID for a few days Password forgotten? Not yet a subscriber? Choose our print+digital or digital only option (both with access to our archives) Subscribe Search: Home This issue Archives Maps Outside in Follow us About > > Open page / First published in TomDispatch, 16 October 2016   Learning to claim our victories Or why fighting for justice is like surfing by Rebecca Gordon, 17 October 2016 Learning to claim our victories↑   In these dismal days of climate change, imperial decline, endless war, and in my city, a hapless football team, I seem to be experiencing a strange and unaccustomed emotion: hope. How can that be? Maybe it’s because, like my poor San Francisco 49ers who have been “rebuilding” for the last two decades, I’m fortunate enough to be able to play the long game. But what exactly is making me feel hopeful at the moment? For one thing, we seem to have finally reached Peak Trump, and the reason why is important. Calling Mexicans rapists and drug dealers didn’t do it. Promising to bring back waterboarding and commit assorted other war crimes didn’t do it. Flirting with the white supremacist crowd and their little friend Pepe the Frog didn’t do it. But an 11-year-old video tape of Trump bragging about grabbing women “by the pussy” seems to have been the drop of water that finally cracked the dam and sent even stalwart Republican leaders fleeing a flood of public revulsion. In the midst of the most frightening and depressing presidential election of my life, the reactions to this latest glimpse into the Mind of Trump have actually lifted my spirits. Not that many years ago, an exchange like the one between Donald Trump and Billy Bush would hardly have been news. Sexual harassment was an expected part of the lives of working women — par for a Trump golf course. I remember, for instance, paging through my family’s New Yorker magazines and coming across a Whitney Darrow cartoon about a lesson at a secretarial school. A businessman is chasing a woman around a desk as the teacher explains, “Notice, class, how Angela circles, always keeping the desk between them...” There you have it: the devaluation of women’s work (secretarial skills reduced to techniques for evading the boss’s advances), the trivialization of sexual predation, and in Angela’s knowing smile, admiration for the woman who keeps her sense of humor while defending her virtue. What’s most surprising about the response to Trump’s hot-mic moment is the apparent national consensus that speaking — or even thinking — about sexual assault the way Trump did on this video is neither normal nor amusing. This shared assumption that women are not trophies for the taking marks an advance toward full personhood that we have achieved only in my lifetime. When you stop to think about it, it’s an extraordinary cultural shift. And once people figure out that women are, after all, human, it’s pretty hard to stuff that genie back into the bottle. Of course, there are still a lot of men who have a hard time with the woman-human being equation. Paul Ryan, for example, responded to the Trump video release by opining that “Women are to be championed and revered” — a view that suggests we are either helpless creatures to be saved by a “champion” or other-than-human creatures belonging on some Victorian pedestal. Then there’s Hillary In her first debate with Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton actually said the words “systemic racism.” Never in our history has a mainstream presidential candidate described our country’s racial institutions in that kind of language. Indeed, one of the biggest political problems the movement for racial justice has faced in the post-Civil Rights era has been how to account for the fact that, absent legal segregation, people of color, and especially African Americans, remain disproportionately represented among the poor, the unhoused, and the incarcerated. Institutional, or systemic, racism describes the mechanism at play. Here’s what Clinton said in that debate: “And it’s just a fact that if you’re a young African-American man and you do the same thing as a young white man, you are more likely to be arrested, charged, convicted, and incarcerated. So we’ve got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system.” She’s right of course. And she deserves credit for saying it, but it’s the analysis of groups like RaceForward, the organizing skills of the young activists of Black Lives Matter, and the moral voice of older leaders like the Reverend William Barber II of the North Carolina NAACP who created the atmosphere in which she had to say it. We are, in other words, witnessing a sea change in how people in mainstream politics talk about racism. Of course, there’s been pushback against Clinton’s rhetoric, but the idea that actual institutional structures exist that deeply constrain the lives of African Americans has now been admitted to the grown-ups’ table. Black communities have long known that they, and especially their young men, are at risk of police violence. That’s why sooner or later so many black parents of every economic class have “the talk” with their children about how to try to stay safe (or at least safer). But in the two years since the murder of Trayvon Martin by a self-styled vigilante, Black Lives Matter has focused national attention for the first time on the repeated deaths of unarmed black men and women at the hands of those who are meant to protect and serve. Now, even the mainstream media no longer treat such deaths as isolated incidents unworthy of coverage. Instead, it is recognized that they form a systemic pattern, and even presidential candidates have to respond to that pattern. That is a victory and it was almost beyond imagination even a few years ago. Of course, the real victory will come when police stop shooting unarmed people, but at least now the country generally admits that it happens. Similarly, many of us on the left have long known that wages in this country began to stagnate in the mid-1970s. We’ve watched the minimum wage (once intended to be for a family’s “breadwinner”) shrink to a poverty stipend. We’ve seen income and wealth inequality swell to the greatest levels since the Gilded Age of the nineteenth century. But it took the Occupy movement to remind us that the 99% could reclaim political power. It took organizations like OUR Walmart and the Fight for $15, lifted by Bernie Sanders’s run for the Democratic nomination, to bring that discussion into the mainstream. For the first time in years, the words “working class” have slipped back into public discourse. CNN now runs stories with headlines like “Working class white men make less than they did in 1996.” A few years ago, as far as anyone could tell from the mainstream media, we lived in a country populated by a vast, undifferentiated “middle class,” and a few wealthy or impoverished outliers. Now, both the Trump and Clinton campaigns have found that they must address the pain of working people. We may not agree with their proposed solutions, but they have to talk about it. That, too, is a change and a victory of sorts. Wait! You mean we won something? For many years I’ve noticed that my corner of the political world, roughly the American left, has had a very hard time recognizing and claiming our victories. Maybe that’s because it’s cost us so much to understand all the ways in which the standard American narrative is a lie, to grasp how little the American Way — whatever Superman may have believed — has had to do with truth and justice. From birth, Americans normally swim in an ocean of heroic mythology about American exceptionalism, and for many of us it’s been difficult to make our way out of its riptides. So our knowledge has been hard-won. Figuring out that the United States is not the international defender of liberty we learned about in school wasn’t easy. It took work to realize and accept, for instance, that our country routinely supported dictators and torturers. We opposed U.S. efforts to prop up strongmen like Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippines and Augusto Pinochet in Chile, and called out the hypocrisy when the U.S. government was shocked! shocked! to discover what they actually were. Having invested so much effort in recognizing the lies of the American exceptionalist narrative, we find it difficult to acknowledge when our government does something right. The Paris Agreement on climate, signed by 190 countries, comes into effect this November 4th. That’s because on October 5th, the world met two key criteria: ratification by at least 55 of the signatory countries, and ratification by countries responsible for producing 55% of the planet’s greenhouse gases. It’s fair to say that, without the Obama administration, this agreement to confront the extinction-level threat that climate change represents would not have come into being. Like any compromise, it’s by no means a perfect accord, but it’s the best chance we’ve seen in a long time that the Earth will remain the habitable and welcoming place for human beings (among many other species) that it’s been these last tens of thousands of years. This victory belongs to environmental activists around the world, and we should claim it! It’s almost as if, having worked so hard to understand the role and power of the United States on the world stage and of a ruling elite at home, we’ve imagined this country as a far greater powerhouse than it is. It’s almost as if recognizing any cracks in the edifice of American power might endanger that hard-won worldview. It’s almost as if the possibility that we can sometimes push our country to do something right, that our side can sometimes win, seems to rattle us. Faced with that disorienting possibility, I suspect it’s sometimes easier to believe that, while we must always fight the good fight, our adversary is too strong for us ever to expect victories. On the domestic front many of us, both people of color and white Americans, have struggled to recognize our personal implicit racial biases. We’ve likewise taken the time and effort to reexamine what we were taught about U.S. history so that we could grasp the enduring and shape-shifting longevity of systemic racism. Knowing this history so well seems to make it harder for some of us to recognize and claim victories when they come. When, in front of 80 million Americans, Hillary Clinton says that “implicit bias is a problem for everyone, not just [the] police,” that is a victory, and we should take it in and savor it. When President Obama responds to mass incarceration by commuting the sentences of federal drug offenders, that is a victory, however modest. It took half a decade for the ideas in Michelle Alexander’s groundbreaking book The New Jim Crow to penetrate to a mass audience. Now, the country has finally begun to recognize what prison activists have been saying for years: there is something very wrong when the “leader of the free world” has the largest prison population on the planet. An outrage that, a decade ago, was invisible to just about everyone except the affected communities and a small number of activists is now known to all. Our prisons are a national and international scandal and the spread of that knowledge — and the urge to do something about it — is also a victory, one worth celebrating, however provisionally. Who’s most likely to be hopeful? In the 1980s, I spent six months in Nicaragua’s war zones at a time when my government, the Reagan administration, was supporting the Contra armies against the Sandinista government. Together with many sectors of Nicaraguan society, the Sandinistas had thrown out the U.S.-supported dictator, Anastasio Somoza. Over and over I was struck by how living in the midst of war was like being stretched between two temporal realities. In the morning, a Nicaraguan in the town of Jalapa might help dig a communal refugio to shelter children from airplane attacks. In the afternoon, she might risk attack or kidnapping by the U.S.-backed Contras to plant trees that would take years to mature on mountains that had been clear-cut by American lumber companies during the Somoza dictatorship. You always had one eye on the present and the other on a better future. The Nicaraguans I knew seemed eternally ready for a party under the worst conditions imaginable. One day, in the city of Estelí, I remember running into an American friend who told me this story: she’d been feeling bummed recently because the Contras had attacked a little town near where she was living and killed seven children. It seemed to her as if this miserable war would never end. The family with whom she was staying was going to a fiesta that night and asked her along. “I don’t feel like it,” she said. “I’m too depressed.” “You can afford to be depressed,” they told her, “because you’re going home soon. We are the ones who will still be stuck in the war, so we have to have hope for the future. We have to dance. Now, get dressed, we’re going to a party.” What group in the United States is most optimistic about the future? Surprisingly, according to a recent Gallup Healthways poll, it’s not the billionaires among us, but poor African Americans. A Brookings report on the poll suggests a number of reasons for this, and adds, “[T]he optimism of black Americans — especially the poorest — is a reason to be a little more hopeful. The second term of our first black President is nearing its end, but a renegade political candidate with open disdain for minority groups is enjoying rising support. At such a moment in history, it is noteworthy that it is black Americans who seem to be keeping faith with the American Dream.” Another poll, commissioned in 2015 by the Atlantic, found that “African Americans and Latinos are far more likely to be optimistic than their white counterparts, both about their personal station in life and the future of the country more broadly.” Such people are anything but stupid. They know that their communities are confronting terrible challenges, but they know, too, how important it is not to forget to dance. Why doing politics is like surfing How do outrageous ideas — for example, that women are human beings, or that the U.S. locks up way too many people, or even that gay people should be able to get married if they want to — suddenly morph into everyday commonsense? It’s rarely an accident. It almost always involves dedicated people working away for years on an issue, often unnoticed, before it seems suddenly to surge into general awareness. Sometimes I think the politically engaged life is like surfing. You expend an enormous effort paddling past the breaking surf. Then you sit on your board breathing hard, scanning the horizon for the wave. Sometimes you sit out there for a long, long time, but when that wave comes, you have to be ready to grab it — and enjoy it. Even when the wave looks like a sinking Donald J. Trump. Rebecca Gordon Rebecca Gordon, a TomDispatch regular, teaches in the philosophy department at the University of San Francisco. She is the author of American Nuremberg: The U.S. Officials Who Should Stand Trial for Post-9/11 War Crimes. Her previous books include Mainstreaming Torture: Ethical Approaches in the Post-9/11 United States and Letters from Nicaragua. All views expressed here are the author’s alone Share this article / sur Facebook sur Twitter Last blog posts In Tunisia, women still struggle for their rights Don Duncan, 8 November 2016 Tunisia was the first Arab country to enshrine women’s rights into law, back in 1957, and the only country to have successfully applied the lessons of the Arab Spring. Even so, there (...) → Escaping Chios Behzad Yaghmaian, 2 November 2016 In a small refugee camp at the foot of the old Venetian walls of the island of Chios, Ahmed, a 16-year old unaccompanied minor from Mosul, anxiously faces an uncertain future. This (...) → Dismantling the ‘Jungle’, brick by brick Peter Blodau, Sharif Fanselow & Elle Kurancid, 11 October 2016 “The Jungle exists because of politics and money,” shrugs Sami, a 27-year-old refugee from Kabul. “I think everyone here knows that.” Slumped in a chair outside one of the camp’s (...) → After the fighting Jens Malling, 29 September 2016 The war in Ukraine has caused huge devastation in Sloviansk. Some people were lucky enough to have their homes rebuilt, others were not. There is widespread resentment against the (...) → Image collections After the fighting Jens Malling, 29 September 2016 Beach life in Crimea Jens Malling, 5 February 2016 Behind the headlines: Colombia’s Nasa people Robin Oisín Llewellyn, 7 December 2015 The socialist city Jens Malling, 11 August 2015 maps Hungary through the ages Agnès Stienne, November 2016   Europe’s integration spiral , 7 November 2016   Syria and Iraq: multilateral conflicts Cécile Marin, November 2016   Strategic plateau Cécile Marin, October 2016   Top stories Last issue / About / Contact us / Staff / Subcriptions / Donate / LMD around the world
null
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > 3 Reasons to Sell Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Stock Whole Foods' stock has been battered for a reason. Don't buy the post-earnings uptick. By Jayson Derrick, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 16, 2016, 11:01 am EST     View All   Recent Posts: Drone Investors: Forget GoPro Inc (GPRO), Buy Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Whole Foods Market, Inc. Can’t Keep up With the Competition! (WFM) Fitbit Inc (FIT) Is a “Piece of Junk”? Wrong! View All Posts Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) stock has been nearly halved in the past 52 weeks, including a 12% loss so far in the new year. Its more recent troubles have weighed on the long-term worth of Whole Foods stock, putting shares up just 10% over the past five years. With Whole Foods stock sitting near multiyear lows — even after a post-earnings bump — investors are right to see the fork in the road — is now a good time to actually buy WFM on a massive dip, or is there further decline on the horizon? Here are three reasons why investors should pass on buying Whole Foods stock right now. Whole Foods’ First-Mover Advantage Is Gone Whole Foods is a natural and organic grocer whose first-mover advantage — which propelled it for more than two decades — has essentially been eroded. The company’s history dates back to 1980 when the concept of organic and natural food was in its infancy. And while Whole Foods once was a very niche player that dominated the space, WFM now faces competition from traditional grocers that sell similar organic and natural products — at lower prices. A report by Business Insider compared a basket of 31 items at a Whole Foods store in Virginia to an identical basket at a nearby Kroger (KR) store. The publication concluded that the basket was roughly $60 more expensive at Whole Foods when compared to Kroger. 7 Falling Knives You Should Avoid Meanwhile, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) has ambitious plans for the organic and natural space. For instance, Walmart made a 2014 acquisition of Wild Oats and immediately announced it would sell more than 100 Wild Oats organic products at more than 4,000 stores in the U.S. at cheaper prices that Whole Foods could not match. Wild Oats, like WFM, has also been a pioneer in the organic space as its history dates back to 1987. Including Wild Oats, Whole Foods’ portfolio of organic products stands at more than 1,600. Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) didn’t just jump into the organic and natural category — as of last year, Costco was the top seller of organic food in the U.S. in 2015. And worse: It’s not just that companies like Walmart and Costco are doing it at great scale. The perception that WFM even offers better organic fare is fading. Analysts at BMO Capital Markets conducted a study with a demographic sample that is representative of Whole Foods’ client base. The analysts found that only 24% of respondents believe Whole Foods’ organic products are definitely better than those found at other conventional grocers. WFM CEO: Results Are “Highly Dependent” On Comps Contained within Whole Foods’ Q2 earnings report in May 2015 was management guidance for full-year fiscal 2015 revenue growth of 9%, driven by low- to mid-single-digit same-store sales. Comps rose 3.6% in the second quarter, followed by a 2.2% rise in the third quarter and a 0.2% decline in the fourth quarter. WFM also missed its 9% sales growth objective for the full fiscal year 2015 by 1 percentage point on 2.5% full-year comps. During Whole Foods’ Q4 earnings report on Nov. 4, 2015, co-CEO and Director John Mackey said, “Our results are highly dependent on comps, which have been particularly difficult to predict in this competitive landscape.” Mackey also added during Whole Foods earnings conference call that the lower end of management’s sales outlook of just 3% to 5% sales growth in fiscal 2016 “reflects the possibility that comps could get marginally worse before they get better.” Whole Foods stock is stuck in a catch 22: Management can turn incrementally promotional in pricing at the expense of gross margin pressure or maintain higher margins at the expense of comps. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/02/sell-whole-foods-stock-wfm/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mostly clear. Tonight A few passing clouds, otherwise generally clear. Low 39F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Associated Press In this April 12, 2011 file photo, shopper Andrew Boston leaves the Save-a-Lot grocery store with his purchases in Northfield, Ohio. Supervalu said Monday, Oct. 17, 2016 that it is selling its Save-A-Lot supermarket chain for $1.37 billion to Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp. The deal is expected to close before the end of January. (AP Photo/Amy Sancetta, File) Supervalu to sell Save-A-Lot to Canada's Onex for $1.37 billion From Wire and Staff Reports Oct 17, 2016 (…) Associated Press In this April 12, 2011 file photo, shopper Andrew Boston leaves the Save-a-Lot grocery store with his purchases in Northfield, Ohio. Supervalu said Monday, Oct. 17, 2016 that it is selling its Save-A-Lot supermarket chain for $1.37 billion to Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp. The deal is expected to close before the end of January. (AP Photo/Amy Sancetta, File) Updated at 4:30 p.m. Supervalu Inc. will sell its Earth City-based Save-A-Lot business to Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp. for $1.37 billion rather than spinning off the discount grocery chain as previously planned, the companies said on Monday. Eden Prairie, Minn.-based Supervalu had been looking to separate the more profitable division, which generates about a quarter of the company's sales, from its slower-growing grocery wholesale and food retail businesses as bigger rivals such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. increase their focus on groceries. Founded as a single store in Cahokia in 1977, Save-A-Lot has 1,370 stores mostly in the South and eastern U.S. In the St. Louis area, Save-A-Lot has 800 employees, including at its headquarters, distribution operations and 19 company-owned stores. The deal is part of a broader shake-up in the U.S. grocery industry, with major players consolidating and scores of supermarkets changing hands. Royal Ahold NV agreed last year to acquire Delhaize Group, combining the Stop & Shop and Food Lion chains. And Kroger Co., the largest U.S. grocery chain, has been gobbling up smaller competitors. Albertsons Co., meanwhile, postponed plans in October 2015 for an initial public offering, saying the market was too volatile.  Supervalu decided to explore an outright sale of the discount grocery chain after receiving interest from several private equity firms, Reuters reported in November. "Save-A-Lot is differentiated among its competitors in a growing segment of the industry," Matt Ross, Onex managing director, said in a statement Monday. "We're excited to partner with the management team at Save-A-Lot, along with its licensed store owners, to support its growth for years to come." David Livingston, a supermarket analyst in suburban Milwaukee, thinks Supervalu got a good price for Save-A-Lot, considering the competitive marketplace for discount grocers. "Save-A-Lots are the same size as Aldi but with half the sales," he said. "Now that Lidl (another discount supermarket) is coming from Germany, it will be another big competitor.” Analyst Ajay Jain of Pivotal Research Group in New York thought Save-A-Lot could fetch as much as $1.8 billion, but sales in the last four quarters declined between 1.4 percent to 3.4 percent. “We are not entirely surprised that the sale proceeds were lower than expected,” he said in a research note. Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid See how St. Louis stocks are faring Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis On Wall Street, Supervalu rose 29 cents, or 5.8 percent, to close at $5.30. Supervalu, one of the nation's biggest food wholesalers and retailers, owns several traditional grocery chains, including Kirkwood-based Shop 'n Save. Its other brands include Cub Foods, Hornbacher's, Farm Fresh and Shoppers. Supervalu said it plans to use $750 million of the sale’s proceeds to prepay a term loan. The remaining amount will be used to further reduce debt and improve capital structure, according to the company’s statement. Supervalu has suffered recently from deflationary food prices, lower traffic and a loss of customers. The sale allows the company to improve profit margins as its higher-margin wholesale business will become a greater portion of its overall financial mix. The sale also includes a professional services agreement in which Supervalu will provide Save-A-Lot with support for day-to-day operations such as cloud services, merchandising technology, payroll, finance, and other services. The deal is expected to close by Jan. 31, the companies said. Reuters, Bloomberg, the Star Tribune of Minneapolis and the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Save-A-Lot revamps as rivals vie for market share Earth City-based chain faces uncertain future as Supervalu weighs possible sale. Buyout firm Onex said to be in the lead to acquire Earth City-based Save-A-Lot The discount grocery chain employs about 800 in the St. Louis area Tags Save-a-lot Supervalu Inc. Company Grocery View (…) comments Most popular Lord & Taylor closing downtown St. Louis office, laying off 77 IT employees How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Panera closes St. Louis Bread Co. on South Grand GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Survivors of sexual abuse launch retail business Bravely in St. Louis U.S. special-needs families face complex retirement planning For retirees, immediate annuities provide a check for life Trailnet pitches plan for connected paths along St. Louis streets J.C. Penney cuts sales forecast as turnaround bid stumbles Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Subscribe to the Post-Dispatch today and find what you're looking for Get your Blues gear from the Post-Dispatch Store! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Supervalu to sell Save-A-Lot to Canada's Onex for $1.37 billion Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Mon Oct 17, 2016 | 7:28am EDT Supervalu to sell Save-A-Lot to Canada's Onex for $1.37 billion A woman carries her groceries to her car at the Shoppers supermarket in Olney, Maryland January 7, 2016. Shoppers supermarket is part of the SuperValu Inc network of stores. Picture taken January 7, 2016. REUTERS/Gary Cameron Supervalu Inc (SVU.N) said it would sell its Save-A-Lot business to Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp OCX.TO for $1.37 billion, more than a year after making public plans to spin off the discount grocery chain. Supervalu has been looking to separate the more profitable division, which also generates about a quarter of the company's sales, from its slower-growing grocery wholesale and food retail businesses as bigger rivals such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) increase their focus on groceries. Supervalu will enter into a five-year agreement to provide Save-A-Lot with some services and support functions as part of the deal, the company said on Monday. Save-A-Lot has a network of about 1,370 company-owned and licensed stores across 37 states in the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Onex made the best offer in an auction for Save-A-Lot, Reuters reported in September. Supervalu decided to explore an outright sale of the discount grocery chain after receiving interest from several private equity firms, Reuters reported in December. Supervalu said on Monday it expects to use the sale proceeds to prepay at least $750 million of its outstanding term loan. The deal is expected to close by Jan. 31, the companies said. Barclays Capital Inc and Greenhill & Co LLC are financial advisers to Supervalu, while Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is the legal adviser. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Next In Deals Four suitors submit binding bids for UniCredit's Pioneer: sources MILAN Italian bank UniCredit has received four binding offers for its asset manager Pioneer, valuing the business at more than 3 billion euros ($3.25 billion), two sources close to the matter said on Friday. Exclusive: Koch investment arm nears deal for stake in Infor, in tech push - sources The private investment arm of Koch Industries, the industrial conglomerate of the billionaire Koch brothers, is nearing a deal to acquire a significant minority stake in Infor Inc that will value the business software company at roughly $10 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. Smaller deals in focus as big private equity fades in Africa JOHANNESBURG/LONDON A family-owned grocery chain selling lychees and almond milk would have been an unlikely target when giant private equity funds were spending big in Africa. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Unexploded bombs in Laos Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Supervalu to sell Save-A-Lot to Canada's Onex for $1.37 billion ReutersOctober 17, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A woman carries her groceries to her car at the Shoppers supermarket in Olney, Maryland January 7, 2016. Shoppers supermarket is part of the SuperValu Inc network of stores. Picture taken January 7, 2016. REUTERS/Gary CameronMore (Reuters) - Supervalu Inc said it would sell its Save-A-Lot business to Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp for $1.37 billion, more than a year after making public plans to spin off the discount grocery chain. Supervalu has been looking to separate the more profitable division, which also generates about a quarter of the company's sales, from its slower-growing grocery wholesale and food retail businesses as bigger rivals such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc increase their focus on groceries. Supervalu will enter into a five-year agreement to provide Save-A-Lot with some services and support functions as part of the deal, the company said on Monday. Save-A-Lot has a network of about 1,370 company-owned and licensed stores across 37 states in the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Onex made the best offer in an auction for Save-A-Lot, Reuters reported in September. Supervalu decided to explore an outright sale of the discount grocery chain after receiving interest from several private equity firms, Reuters reported in December. Supervalu said on Monday it expects to use the sale proceeds to prepay at least $750 million of its outstanding term loan. The deal is expected to close by Jan. 31, the companies said. Barclays Capital Inc and Greenhill & Co LLC are financial advisers to Supervalu, while Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is the legal adviser. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Alabama is unanimous No. 1 as Ohio State moves to No. 2 in AP poll Dr. Saturday President-Elect Trump Picks Reince Priebus as His Chief of Staff ABC News Videos Donald Trump on 60 Minutes: The 10 Most Surprising Revelations TVLine.com Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Adidas and Under Armour are locked in a bitter battle to be Nike's top US competitor — here's who's likely to win Business Insider 4-Year-Old Granted Wish to Be Drafted Onto College Baseball Team ABC News Videos Trump firm on agenda but says Americans have nothing to fear AFP Top Trump Ally Warns of 'Rebellion' Over Possible Chief of Staff Pick Good Morning America Russell Simmons Sends Sternly-Worded Prayer to 'Old Friend' Donald Trump Complex Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff 5 Roth IRA Misunderstandings That Could Cost You -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Index: Amazon Prohibited From Providing Refunds with Gift Cards Instead of Cash or Credit ABC News Videos ‘Surprise!’ Pink Announces She’s Pregnant With Baby No. 2 People Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton sings ‘Hallelujah’ in emotional ‘SNL’ open Yahoo News Mike Evans kneels during anthem to protest Trump: 'Something's not right' Shutdown Corner Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Donald Trump's Shocking Election Victory Nick: It's not shocking, no one wanted a dishonest, corrupt, incompetent, deceptive despicable person in the white house, that's why hillary is home now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 403 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com Yoga Instructor Accused of Murdering Her Identical Twin ABC News Videos Trump vows to deport or imprison up to 3 million immigrants: interview AFP Forde-Yard Dash: Eight teams left in College Football Playoff race Yahoo Sports US Jared Kushner's Prominent Role in Father-in-Law Donald Trump's Transition Good Morning America Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff WEEK AHEAD: American retail in focus Yahoo Finance Southeast Ravaged by 43 Wildfires Spread Across 8 States ABC News Videos Michael Moore Blasts Donald Trump as 'Illegitimate President' as He Tours Trump Tower Good Morning America Anti-Trump protests continue in New York, LA, Philadelphia Associated Press 3 Troubling Ways Parents Help Kids Become Liars Yahoo Parenting Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff Brexit without transitional deal will damage economy: RBS Chairman Reuters Major Earthquake Strikes New Zealand, Killing at Least 2 People ABC News Videos Trump shakes up transition team, elevates Pence's role Associated Press Chelsea outcast John Obi Mikel to decide future in January International Business Times ONC UK Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Supervalu to sell Save-A-Lot to Canada's Onex for $1.37 billion Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Mon Oct 17, 2016 | 7:28am EDT Supervalu to sell Save-A-Lot to Canada's Onex for $1.37 billion A woman carries her groceries to her car at the Shoppers supermarket in Olney, Maryland January 7, 2016. Shoppers supermarket is part of the SuperValu Inc network of stores. Picture taken January 7, 2016. REUTERS/Gary Cameron Supervalu Inc (SVU.N) said it would sell its Save-A-Lot business to Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp OCX.TO for $1.37 billion, more than a year after making public plans to spin off the discount grocery chain. Supervalu has been looking to separate the more profitable division, which also generates about a quarter of the company's sales, from its slower-growing grocery wholesale and food retail businesses as bigger rivals such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) increase their focus on groceries. Supervalu will enter into a five-year agreement to provide Save-A-Lot with some services and support functions as part of the deal, the company said on Monday. Save-A-Lot has a network of about 1,370 company-owned and licensed stores across 37 states in the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Onex made the best offer in an auction for Save-A-Lot, Reuters reported in September. Supervalu decided to explore an outright sale of the discount grocery chain after receiving interest from several private equity firms, Reuters reported in December. Supervalu said on Monday it expects to use the sale proceeds to prepay at least $750 million of its outstanding term loan. The deal is expected to close by Jan. 31, the companies said. Barclays Capital Inc and Greenhill & Co LLC are financial advisers to Supervalu, while Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is the legal adviser. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Next In Deals Four suitors submit binding bids for UniCredit's Pioneer: sources MILAN Italian bank UniCredit has received four binding offers for its asset manager Pioneer, valuing the business at more than 3 billion euros ($3.25 billion), two sources close to the matter said on Friday. Exclusive: Koch investment arm nears deal for stake in Infor, in tech push - sources The private investment arm of Koch Industries, the industrial conglomerate of the billionaire Koch brothers, is nearing a deal to acquire a significant minority stake in Infor Inc that will value the business software company at roughly $10 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. Smaller deals in focus as big private equity fades in Africa JOHANNESBURG/LONDON A family-owned grocery chain selling lychees and almond milk would have been an unlikely target when giant private equity funds were spending big in Africa. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Unexploded bombs in Laos Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business The Onex logo is displayed at the company's annual general meeting in Toronto on Thursday, May 10, 2012. (Nathan Denette/THE CANADIAN PRESS) The Onex logo is displayed at the company's annual general meeting in Toronto on Thursday, May 10, 2012. (Nathan Denette/THE CANADIAN PRESS) Onex buying U.S. discount grocer Save-A-Lot for $1.37-billion Add to ... PHIL SERAFINO, CRAIG GIAMMONA AND SCOTT DEVEAU Bloomberg News Published Monday, Oct. 17, 2016 7:11AM EDT Last updated Monday, Oct. 17, 2016 3:44PM EDT Comments AA Supervalu Inc. agreed to sell its Save-A-Lot grocery business to Onex Corp. for $1.37-billion (U.S.) in cash, offloading the discount chain at a time of heavy price competition in the United States. As part of the deal, Supervalu will provide services such as payroll and merchandising technology to Save-A-Lot for five years, the Minneapolis-based company said in a statement Monday. The transaction, slated to be completed by Jan. 31, will bring about 1,370 stores to Onex, Canada’s largest buyout firm. The deal is part of a broader shake-up in the U.S. grocery market, with major players consolidating and scores of supermarkets changing hands. The industry has become more cutthroat over the past year, with a bout of food deflation putting pressure on grocery chains. The sale of the discount stores will leave Supervalu to focus on its food distribution business, which supplies products to hundreds of stores across the U.S. The Save-A-Lot sale “provides us with a stronger balance sheet that will allow us to further build on our core strengths and growth opportunities,” Supervalu CEO Mark Gross said in the statement. Onex, meanwhile, is seeking ways to deploy its mounting stockpile of cash, which has been dragging on its performance. The Toronto-based firm has about $23-billion in assets under management, and has said the volatility in the equity and credit markets over the past year has made for a challenging investment environment. “Save-A-Lot provides its customers with measurable savings and is differentiated among its competitors in a growing segment of the industry,” said Matt Ross, Onex’s managing director. “We are excited to partner with the management team at Save-A-Lot, along with its licensed store owners, to enhance the company’s operations and support its growth for years to come.” Shares of Supervalu jumped as much as 9.6 per cent to $5.49 in New York following the announcement. They had been down 26 per cent this year through the end of last week. Onex was up as much as 1.6 per cent in Toronto on Monday. St. Louis, Mo.-based Save-A-Lot operates hard-discount grocery stores – no-frills locations that focus on low prices. U.S. grocery competition has been heating up, particularly among discounters, as Wal-Mart reduces prices to boost store traffic and fend off a push from Germany’s Aldi. Dollar General Corp. has also made groceries a priority. By shedding Save-A-Lot, which is coping with lower beef and dairy prices, Supervalu will be “less exposed to macro deflationary headwinds,” according to William Kirk, an analyst at RBC Dominion Securities Inc. There’s also been a wave of consolidation among grocery chains. Last year, Royal Ahold NV moved to acquire Delhaize Group, combining the Stop & Shop and Food Lion chains. And Kroger Co., the largest U.S. grocery chain, has been gobbling up smaller competitors. Albertsons Cos., meanwhile, postponed plans in October 2015 for an initial public offering, saying the market was too volatile. Supervalu plans to use the proceeds to prepay at least $750-million against its term-loan balance, to further reduce debt and improve its capital structure, as well as to fund growth initiatives, it said. Report Typo/Error   SVU-NSupervalu Inc Latest Price$4.79 +0.09 (+1.91%) WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$71.23 -0.16 (-0.22%) Updated November 11 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Metro commits to passing low food inflation savings to customers Empire Co. profit falls as challenges in Western Canada persist Onex in the lead to buy U.S. grocery chain Save-A-Lot: sources Topics Onex Corporation Supervalu Inc. Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Mohamed Fahmy recalls surviving Egyptian prison in new memoir Life After losing her son to the flu, mother launches campaign promoting vaccine Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Canadian Finals Rodeo These cowboys ride with battered bodies, but their spirits remain intact Arts Five remarkable Leonard Cohen songs The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Who is Melania Trump? Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again News Tom Mulcair wants Justin Trudeau to 'stand up' to Donald Trump Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? News Sting reopens Bataclan theatre one year after Paris attacks Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Sports Michelle Obama and LeBron James do Mannequin Challenge Technology SprayPrinter app makes everyone an artist ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Oshawa Centre's $230-million makeover mirrors the city's evolution Report on Business New site aims to bring hard-to-find beer and wine to Canadians More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor A door-to-door sales pitch is no way to make big purchasing decisions Arts Comedian Dave Broadfoot made Canada laugh at itself Most popular Two killed as 7.8-magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand Trump stokes uncertainty with Reince, Bannon picks for White House staff Ottawa to make 'unprecedented' appeal for private investment in infrastructure Trump voters deserve respect. Here’s why B.C. to restore smaller class sizes after teachers' union court victory X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Supervalu to sell Save-A-Lot to Canada's Onex for $1.37 billion By Reuters Published: 10:22 EST, 17 October 2016 | Updated: 10:22 EST, 17 October 2016 e-mail Oct 17 (Reuters) - Food retailer and wholesaler Supervalu Inc said it will sell its Save-A-Lot business to Canadian private equity firm Onex Corp for $1.37 billion rather than spinning off the discount grocery chain as previously planned, the companies said on Monday. Eden Prairie, Minnesota-based Supervalu had been looking to separate the more profitable division, which generates about a quarter of the company's sales, from its slower-growing grocery wholesale and food retail businesses as bigger rivals such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc increase their focus on groceries. Supervalu stock gained about 8 percent in Monday morning trading. Supervalu said it will enter into a five-year agreement to provide Save-A-Lot with some services and support functions as part of the deal. Save-A-Lot has a network of about 1,370 company-owned and licensed stores across 37 states in the United States, the Caribbean and Central America. Onex made the best offer in an auction for Save-A-Lot, Reuters reported in September. Supervalu decided to explore an outright sale of the discount grocery chain after receiving interest from several private equity firms, Reuters reported in December. Supervalu said on Monday it expects to use the sale proceeds to prepay at least $750 million of its outstanding term loan. The deal is expected to close by Jan. 31, the companies said. Barclays Capital Inc and Greenhill & Co LLC were financial advisers to Supervalu, while Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz acted as legal adviser. Citigroup was sole advisor to Onex and led the financing. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru and Lauren Hirsch in New York; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Will Dunham) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Watchdog Tap Fresh Trails Green Sheet Obituaries Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Media Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Weekly Ads E-Edition USA TODAY NETWORK Insider More Home News Sports Business Opinion Watchdog Tap Fresh Trails Green Sheet Obituaries Weather USA Today Media Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Weekly Ads E-Edition USA TODAY NETWORK Insider Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest PolitiFact: $53 billion for Walmart heirs? Campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Madison, Bernie Sanders took aim at Donald Trump. Post to Facebook PolitiFact: $53 billion for Walmart heirs? Campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Madison, Bernie Sanders took aim at Donald Trump.  Check out this story on jsonline.com: http://on.jsonl.in/2elaUMr {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 14 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. PolitiFact: $53 billion for Walmart heirs? Tom Kertscher , Milwaukee Journal Sentinel 5:03 a.m. CDT October 17, 2016 Bernie Sanders (left) and Donald Trump. (Photo: File photos) Campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Madison, Bernie Sanders took aim at Donald Trump. One line in Sanders' attack was that Trump’s plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would “get a $53 billion tax break.” PolitiFact Wisconsin found that, as a starting point, Sanders' claim has some merit. But there are many unknowns. Read or Share this story: http://on.jsonl.in/2elaUMr TOP VIDEOS The story of Thomas Richards 2:58 Lawyer comments on Slender Man film 0:48 NGI defense 1:19 Video: Reaction to Trump election 4:30 Election 2016: Jaymes and Regina Blackmon 1:24 Election 2016: Angel and Dkisha Bell 0:57 Election 2016: Joseph Griffin 1:00 Election 2016: Kanesha Jones 0:41 Election 2016: Lorenzo Jackson and Darius Jones 0:44 Election 2016: Lovenia Hampton is passionate about her vote 1:13 Election 2016: Willie Hampton 0:51 Election 2016: Kanesha Jones 0:50 Election 2016: Pilaro O'Heron 0:37 Eight counties may hold the keys to Tuesday's election 1:41 Alec Cook's attorneys address media after bail hearing 7:51 (Tough) Decision 2016 4:37 Enter the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Holiday Cookie Contest 1:00 Gomez interrogation video 3:41 Sensenbrenner engages with protester 0:21 Ride with a Blue Angel 4:15 Brewers show off new concession area 3:16 One year after Giovonnie's death 1:08 Just the FAQs: Wisconsin's unfunded promises to retirees 1:02 JS OnPolitics, 9/8/16: Waukesha County struggles with Trump 1:27 JS OnPolitics, 9/8/16: The presidential picture in Wisconsin 2:08 More Stories Trump picks Kenosha's Reince Priebus as chief of staff Nov. 13, 2016, 9:23 p.m. Obamacare is doomed. Now what? Nov. 13, 2016, 6:23 p.m. Cedar Creek cleanup resumes Nov. 13, 2016, 8:47 p.m. NFL cheerleaders in 2016 season Nov. 13, 2016, 9:21 p.m.
Vegan. Think. Eat. Thrive.™ News Food Planet Travel Buzz Dairy Industry Compelled to Consider Dairy-Free Products By Anna Starostinetskaya | October 17, 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter As meat industry giants incorporate plant-based products, the dairy industry feels the need to change. A feature on dairy news outlet Dairy Reporter explores the repercussions of The Farm Animal Investment Risk and Return Initiative (FAIRR) launched by a collective of investors with over $1 trillion in holdings. In its demand letter to 16 large food corporations (including Nestle, Unilever, and Walmart), FAIRR inquired how companies plan to use plant-based diversification of their product lines to avoid the environmentally destructive “protein bubble” of continuing to rely on animal products for profit. Tyson responded by investing in vegan company Beyond Meat early last week and, while mostly aimed at meat production, the ripple effect of the FAIRR demand is being felt by big dairy. Corporate accountability charity ShareAction campaigns manager Claire Richards advised Dairy Reporter that “There is no escaping that dairy is subject to the same social and environmental pressure points as meat,” listing welfare issues, antibiotic usage, methane outputs, and polluting byproducts as parallel environmental and ethical concerns. The dairy-alternative industry—driven by plant-based milks and the millennials who love them—is predicted to reach $35 billion by 2024, a number Richards says the dairy industry cannot ignore. “Both as a push and pull effect of changing consumer tastes, the non-dairy aisle increasingly rivals flavored and standard milks on both range and price.” Richards further advises, “For companies that recognize and embrace this as an opportunity, diversification into non-dairy options does not need to be a threat.” Government subsidies of ailing industries such as corn (mostly used for animal feed), meat, and dairy only serve to prop up industries that are no longer able to sustain themselves. Richards points out that the future of food lies in the pressure that big corporations are feeling from consumers, investors, policymakers, and activists alike.“Big food companies have helped shape the tastes and purchasing habits that have brought us to this point,” Richards says, “and they also have the product expertise and marketing insight to help drive diets in a more sustainable direction.” Tweet Email Vegans Open Animal Museum in Los Angeles Exhibits such as "Crazy Cat Ladies" and "The Sexual Politics of Meat" educate visitors about animal-rights. Read More » Prêt a Manger Debuts Vegan Christmas Item Very Merry Christmas Lunch Baguette is the newest addition to the eatery's venture into animal-free offerings. Read More » Vegan Weightlifter Sets New Record in Iceland Hulda B. Waage lifted over 450 pounds last weekend during a women's weightlifting competition in Iceland. Read More » Meat and Dairy Must Be Taxed to Fight Climate Change Researchers find that a tax of 40-percent on meat and 20-percent on dairy is needed to offset the carbon footprint of the animal agriculture industry. Read More » DIY Vegan Shampoo Pops Up in NYC Candy-hued, oil-scented shampoos and conditioners, personalized to hair and scalp type—and made with zero cruelty—hit New York City today. Read More » More Flashbacks Trump Appoints Climate Change Critic to Head of EPA Animal Rights Win by a Landslide in the Election Vegan Chili Feeds the Homeless for the Holidays Study Predicts an Almond Milk Boom in Five Years New Yorker Files $5 Million Lawsuit for Beef Found in Fries Vegan Restaurant to Open at Neiman Marcus Carbon Footprint of Foods, Ranked Sea Shepherd Tells Greenpeace to Go Vegan Scientists to Reprogram Cow Guts to Cut Emissions RZA Launches Vegan Leather Wallets Burger King Among Brands Profiting from Deforestation Welsh Meat Plant Downsizes Due To Drop in Demand Rise in Veganism Stunts Growth of Sugary Milk Silicon Valley Billionaire Backs Hampton Creek Potato-Based Vegan Milk Expands to 400 Stores Veganism is Key to World Phosphorous Stability Dairy Industry Signs New Deal with KFC Men's Club Hunts for NYC's Best Veggie Burger Etsy Brand Launches Gilmore Girls Vegan Eyeshadow Veganuary to Launch Vegan Billboard Campaign in London All Articles Recipes Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Where to Buy Customer Service Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Instagram YouTube RSS Sign up for our newsletters: VegNewsletter Recipe Club This Week on VegNews TV: The secret to these delightful sweet treats is white beans! Aylin Erman shows you how to make these simple blondies. More Videos » Go to Store » Tote Bags Gift Packs Tshirts Back Issues ABOUT US History | Staff | Advisors | Policies | FAQ MAGAZINE Subscribe | Renew | Give a Gift | Where to Buy | Customer Service ADVERTISE Magazine | Website | Newsletters | Media Kit SUBMISSIONS New Products | Books | Events | Video | Editorial | Photos PRESS ROOM Awards | Press Releases | Image Gallery | Fact Sheet JOBS Staff | Internships CONTACT US © 2008-2016 All Rights Reserved, VegNews. Branded by our vegan friends at Vertebrae
null
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Police & Courts Blotter: Fort Morgan Police Department Posted:   10/16/2016 07:40:48 PM MDT Editor's Note: The Fort Morgan Times relies on reports from law enforcement to create the blotter. All charges are alleged by law enforcement and may not reflect the charges filed by the court. All individuals are considered innocent until proven guilty by the law. Oct. 6 10:12 a.m. Police issued summonses to two juveniles from Fort Morgan on suspicion of disorderly conduct and assault in the 200 block of Walnut Street. Oct. 7 6:31 p.m. Zachariah Hornecker, 21, of Fort Morgan, was arrested at the Walmart on 1300 Barlow Rd. on suspicion of shoplifting and trespassing. A knife and food, valued at $30 total, were stolen. Hornecker was held on $500 bond. Oct. 8 9:01 p.m. Police responded to a report of vandalism in the 400 block of East Sixth Avenue. An estimated $40 of damage was done to a door latch and door frame. The case is still under investigation. Oct. 11 2:37 p.m. Police issued a summons to Heather Sanchez, 32, of Fort Morgan, on suspicion of a dog at large in the 500 block of West Seventh Avenue. 3:30 p.m. Police responded to a report of burglary in the 1500 block of Main Street. Scoreboard controllers valued at $600 were stolen, and $100 of damage was done to a door. The case is still under investigation. Oct. 12 11:30 a.m. Police issued a summons to Jesus Hernandez-Perez, 50, of Fort Morgan, on suspicion of a dog at large in the 300 block of West Kiowa Avenue. Advertisement 9:39 p.m. Michael Salazar, 32, of Log Lane Village, was arrested in the 200 block of East Railroad Avenue on a warrant issued by Morgan County Courts. He was held on $5,000 bond. Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Halloween DUI enforcement arrests 308 drivers Blotter: Morgan County Sheriff 'Misdirected' call led to Fort Morgan High School 'lock out' Tuesday afternoon   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Download the new Yahoo Mail app Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... Mo., 14. Nov 2016, 04:36 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte öffnen in 4 Stunden 24 Minuten Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible ideaVon Kate Taylor | Business Insider – So., 16. Okt 2016 23:37 MESZ Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken (Black Friday shoppers in New York City.Yana Paskova/Getty) Retailers have officially lost the so-called war on Thanksgiving. An increasing number of retailers are closing on Thanksgiving Day this year in response to backlash against the trend of starting Black Friday sales a day early. CBL & Associates, the operator of 89 regional malls and shopping centers, announced it would close 73 of its locations on Thanksgiving Day and not open until 6 a.m. on Black Friday, CNBC reported. Last year, the mall operator opened at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving. The Mall of America, which has opened on Thanksgiving for the past four years, will be closed on the holiday this year. Costco, Home Depot, and REI have already announced their plans to stay closed on the holiday as well. Many retailers say the decision to close is motivated by the fact that Thanksgiving is a day that's meant to be spent at home with family. "We think Thanksgiving is a day for families and for people we care about," Jill Renslow, the Mall of America's senior vice president of marketing, told The Associated Press of the mall's decision to close on Thanksgiving. "We want to give this day back." (Black Friday shoppers at Walmart.Gunnar Rathbun/AP) But the real reason stores are staying closed may have more to do with money. Black Friday sales have fallen in recent years, decreasing 12% to $10.2 billion in 2015 from 2014, according to ShopperTrak. Looking at the entire four-day weekend, brick-and-mortar retail sales fell by 10.4%, to $20.4 billion last year. Black Friday is even at risk of losing the title of the biggest shopping day of the year. RetailNext, a firm that tracks retail shopper traffic, is predicting that the biggest shopping day this year in terms of sales will be Friday, December 23 — just two days before Christmas. Thanksgiving Day isn't even expected to be among the 10 biggest days for shopping, according to the firm. Retailers are hoping that by holding off on Black Friday sales until the day after Thanksgiving, they may be able to keep the shopping frenzy alive. "Black Friday historically has been such a great shopping day," CBL CEO Stephen Lebovitz told CNBC. "It's lost its luster because we've diluted it ... We want to bring back Black Friday and make it fun." (The Mall of America is staying closed on Thanksgiving this year.AP) That luster is especially important because it makes Black Friday more than just a day of sales but also an in-store experience — something customers can avoid when shopping online. Last year, Americans spent more than $3 billion on Cyber Monday, an increase of 16% from the prior year. If customers don't have much of an interest in shopping on Thanksgiving, retailers don't have much to lose by opening six to 12 hours later. In fact, because of a backlash against opening on Thanksgiving, they have the chance to avoid bad press and get a public-relations boost by respecting employees' holidays. (AP) Last year, Change.org petitions targeted at Target and Macy's called on the retailers to stay closed on Thanksgiving. "Stores are opening on Thanksgiving Day in the pursuit of ever bigger holiday profits," said the Target petition, which has more than 100,000 signatures. "This comes at the expense of retail workers, who will spend the day at work instead of with their families. It's time to return Black Friday to its rightful place: Friday." Walmart, Target, Macy's, and Best Buy all kicked off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving Day last year. They have yet to announce their plans for 2016. NOW WATCH: People swarmed a Shoreditch shop to get this brand new doughnut stuffed with ice cream More From Business Insider Tinder culture has taken over, and now it's killing retail Target is taking on IKEA by making affordable modern furniture under $400 Amazon is luring college students with steep discounts TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News EU nimmt Gesundheits-Apps ins VisierHandelsblatt Wachstumsbremse Trump, Fed betont UnabhängigkeitHandelsblatt Anzeige  Wie gewonnen, so zerronnenHandelsblatt BMW schafft 60. Absatzrekord in Folgedpa Was der neue Präsident für die Märkte bedeutetFundresearch Personal finance Gute Beziehung zwischen Chef und Team erhöht die Leistungdpa Privates Handy am Arbeitsplatz nutzen - Was erlaubt istdpa Anzeige  Zehn Punkte, die Sie 2016 unbedingt noch abarbeiten solltenYahoo Finanzen "Düsseldorfer Tabelle": Trennungskinder bekommen mehr Unterhaltszahlungendpa Sind Sie unterbezahlt?Yahoo Finanzen Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network
Login | Join Apps Facebook Twitter Radio Live 3Now View Shows ° ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Paul Henry Weekdays 6am Newshub Live Nightly 6pm Story Mon-Fri 7pm Newshub Late Mon-Fri 10:30pm The Nation Sat 9:30am / Sun 10am NZ World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather Online Radio Live Catch up on 3 Now TV Shows Crime Education Americas Europe Asia Africa Middle East Australia/Pacific Politics Health Cricket League Netball Basketball Motorsports Rugby Football Golf Tennis Other sports Markets Energy North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Breaking News Webcam job interviews increase in popularity By Emma Brannam Monday 17 Oct 2016 11:24 a.m. Share this story As if the interview process wasn't nerve-wracking enough, job seekers are increasingly facing another challenge, the webcam interview. The trend, now being used by some New Zealand firms, originated in the US where it's become particularly popular with the big retailers such as Walmart and finance houses like Deloitte and the major airlines. Think of it as similar to Skyping or FaceTiming, without the friendly factor. In fact, 90 percent of the time there isn't a real person on the other end listening to the interviewee's answers. Responses are recorded within a set time frame and viewed later. HireVue, one of a handful of companies making video-on-demand software, says it will conduct 2.5 million interviews this year. That's up from just 13,000 five years ago. For employers there are several benefits to this kind of interview.  The average recruitment process is reduced from 25 days down to just 4.5 and it allows for many more candidates to be screened. Human resources staff have the ability to review the answers in their own time, without leaving their office. Answers can also be viewed repeatedly and compared against other candidates. For employees, the only benefit appears to be convenience. Generally, a person will be given a day or two to complete the interview and answers can usually be re-recorded if mistakes are made. For now, the webcam interview hasn't replaced human interaction completely. It's used mainly for first round screening with a more traditional interview following, if a person gets short-listed. Employment expert tips for a webcam job interview: Wear a suit or similar job interview attire, not trackpants - Brighter shades help prevent people from looking washed out and women can wear a little more makeup than usual but not so much as to look garish. Choose a quiet spot with an uncluttered background - Nobody wants to see that untidy kitchen or bedroom. Don't sit on the sofa either. Sit at a desk and frame yourself, if possible, with a mid-shot as it's the most flattering. Smile and maintain eye contact - This is can be tricky. Try not to get distracted by what's on the computer or your face beaming back at you. Instead, focus on the camera and maintain that eye contact. Think of the camera as your audience . Keep those gestures open, don't fold your arms and remember to smile. Newshub. Christchurch open for tourists Median house price jumps in October Quake hits PwC's Christchurch CBD return Kiwis save for travel over houses - survey Marlborough wineries lose stock in quake #Markets #Employment #Business Share this story Most popular Aerial footage of decimated Kaikoura rail line Did the supermoon trigger the earthquakes? Quakes cause chaos around the country Family home looted after quake evacuation Trending New Zealand earthquake: The worst-affected areas In pictures: Earthquake rocks New Zealand Wall of water heading down Clarence River Did the supermoon trigger the earthquakes? Family home looted after quake evacuation New Zealand World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather RSS Contact   |   Privacy Policy   |   Advertise with us   |   Copyright © 2016 MediaWorks TV. All Rights Reserved. Version BED 2.8.30.1356

Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible idea Kate Taylor Oct. 16, 2016, 5:37 PM 118,191 facebook linkedin twitter email print Black Friday shoppers in New York City. Yana Paskova/Getty Retailers have officially lost the so-called war on Thanksgiving. An increasing number of retailers are closing on Thanksgiving Day this year in response to backlash against the trend of starting Black Friday sales a day early. CBL & Associates, the operator of 89 regional malls and shopping centers, announced it would close 73 of its locations on Thanksgiving Day and not open until 6 a.m. on Black Friday, CNBC reported. Last year, the mall operator opened at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving. The Mall of America, which has opened on Thanksgiving for the past four years, will be closed on the holiday this year. Costco, Home Depot, and REI have already announced their plans to stay closed on the holiday as well. Many retailers say the decision to close is motivated by the fact that Thanksgiving is a day that's meant to be spent at home with family. "We think Thanksgiving is a day for families and for people we care about," Jill Renslow, the Mall of America's senior vice president of marketing, told The Associated Press of the mall's decision to close on Thanksgiving. "We want to give this day back." Black Friday shoppers at Walmart. Gunnar Rathbun/AP But the real reason stores are staying closed may have more to do with money. Black Friday sales have fallen in recent years, decreasing 12% to $10.2 billion in 2015 from 2014, according to ShopperTrak. Looking at the entire four-day weekend, brick-and-mortar retail sales fell by 10.4%, to $20.4 billion last year. Black Friday is even at risk of losing the title of the biggest shopping day of the year. RetailNext, a firm that tracks retail shopper traffic, is predicting that the biggest shopping day this year in terms of sales will be Friday, December 23 — just two days before Christmas. Thanksgiving Day isn't even expected to be among the 10 biggest days for shopping, according to the firm. Retailers are hoping that by holding off on Black Friday sales until the day after Thanksgiving, they may be able to keep the shopping frenzy alive. "Black Friday historically has been such a great shopping day," CBL CEO Stephen Lebovitz told CNBC. "It's lost its luster because we've diluted it ... We want to bring back Black Friday and make it fun." The Mall of America is staying closed on Thanksgiving this year. AP That luster is especially important because it makes Black Friday more than just a day of sales but also an in-store experience — something customers can avoid when shopping online. Last year, Americans spent more than $3 billion on Cyber Monday, an increase of 16% from the prior year. If customers don't have much of an interest in shopping on Thanksgiving, retailers don't have much to lose by opening six to 12 hours later. In fact, because of a backlash against opening on Thanksgiving, they have the chance to avoid bad press and get a public-relations boost by respecting employees' holidays. AP Last year, Change.org petitions targeted at Target and Macy's called on the retailers to stay closed on Thanksgiving. "Stores are opening on Thanksgiving Day in the pursuit of ever bigger holiday profits," said the Target petition, which has more than 100,000 signatures. "This comes at the expense of retail workers, who will spend the day at work instead of with their families. It's time to return Black Friday to its rightful place: Friday." Walmart, Target, Macy's, and Best Buy all kicked off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving Day last year. They have yet to announce their plans for 2016. SEE ALSO: Black Friday has been dethroned — there's a new biggest shopping day of the year NOW WATCH: People swarmed a Shoreditch shop to get this brand new doughnut stuffed with ice cream Loading video... More: Retail REI Mall Of America Black Friday Thanksgiving black friday 2016 Costco Target Home Depot thanksgiving day shopping facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible idea Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible idea Retailers have officially lost the so-called... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR

Men with fake guns prompt police warning | CTV Vancouver News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Vancouver Search X News Video Weather Morning Live More Contests About Local News Sections British Columbia CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 CTV News Weekend Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side What's Trending The Last Word Photo Galleries BC-SPCA 2016 Surrey Shootings Sections Latest News CTV Morning Live CTV Morning Live Newscast CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 McLaughlin On Your Side What's Trending The Last Word Sports Dream Destinations Your Money LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Sections Photo Galleries Real Estate News Best of BC Community Calendar BC-SPCA Toy Mountain Ask an Expert Park Royal California Closets King of Floors Sands & Associates About CTV BC Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us About Us How To Find Us Socialize with CTV Vancouver News Tips MyNews Newsletters & Alerts All Local Sites Local Sites CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Men with fake guns prompt police warning CTV Vancouver Published Sunday, October 16, 2016 12:54PM PDT Surrey RCMP officers responded to reports of a group of men wearing facemasks and carrying handguns in an underground parkade Saturday night, only to find the men were “just playing around” with imitation firearms. The incident took place just after 8:30 p.m. near the Walmart at Guildford Mall. When police arrived at the scene, they found some of the men still wearing masks and carrying what appeared to be pistols. Officers detained the men at gunpoint before determining that their weapons were fake. Police said the men “could not give any legitimate reason for their actions in the parkade.” In light of the incident, Surrey RCMP are reminding the public that imitation firearms are often difficult to distinguish from the real thing. Until they can determine with certainty that a weapon is not real, officers must deal with the situation as though it is, police said. Related Stories RCMP arrest man carrying imitation firearm in Surrey Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV News at Six Vancouver for Saturday, November 12, 2016 Air Date: November 12, 2016 false CTV Vancouver: Crash shuts down Malahat Highway Air Date: July 7, 2014 false CTV Montreal: A shocking fine Air Date: November 13, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Top stories from Vancouver 5 businesses destroyed, owners emotional after blaze Firefighters say no one was injured in the blaze, which was hampered by a roof collapse. 2 Mom skeptical of investigation into son's deadly overdose at centre Victoria sailor to make second world solo attempt Researchers worried orca population will flatline with female deaths weather Change city   Full forecast and radar Advertisement Most Popular Stories 1 Craigslist sale turns into terrifying attempted robbery 1 2 From $86K to $3.3M: Comparing costs of housing in Canada, U.S. 3 High-risk sex offender on the loose in Vancouver for the third time 1 4 Mom skeptical of investigation into son's deadly overdose at centre 5 5 businesses destroyed, owners emotional after blaze 2 6 Celebration of life ceremony held for ‘vibrant’ teen killed in school attack 1 7 Seriously injured man stumbles into pizza shop with stab wound 8 Rare black cougar blamed for attack on tiny therapy horse 1 9 Warm, wonky weather shatters records across Lower Mainland 1 10 Crews still trying to raise tug that spilled 100K litres of diesel off B.C. coast Advertisement Follow CTV Vancouver on Twitter CTV Vancouver Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News 2016 Presidential Election Politics Crime Education Investigations Texas Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Did Clinton aide plant seeds for personal venture with her support for projects in Haiti, Africa? Filed under 2016 Presidential Election at Oct 16 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now As chief of staff and counselor to Hillary Clinton at the State Department, Cheryl Mills worked ceaselessly to help a South Korean garment maker open a factory in Haiti, the centerpiece of U.S. government efforts to jump-start the island nation's economy after the 2010 earthquake. Mills took the lead on smoothing the way for the company, Sae-A Trading, which secured millions of dollars in incentives to make its Haiti investment more attractive, despite criticism of its labor record elsewhere.  Wikileaks releases Wall Street speeches that Clinton campaign kept under wraps When she presided over the project's unveiling in September 2010, she introduced Sae-A's chairman, Woong-ki Kim, as the most important person at the ceremony, which included Clinton and the Haitian prime minister. Kim would later become important to Mills in a far more personal way -- as a financial backer of a company she started after leaving the State Department in 2013. The company, BlackIvy Group, is pursuing infrastructure projects in Tanzania and Ghana, the only African nations in the "Partnership for Growth," an Obama administration initiative that Clinton helped initiate that promotes investment in developing countries. The partnership with Kim sheds light on the business activities of Mills -- a longtime Clinton loyalist who is likely to play a significant role in any future Clinton White House -- as well as the interlocking public and private relationships that have long characterized the Clintons' inner circle.  A lawyer, Mills has been a target of Republican critics for her central role in determining which emails from Clinton's private server would be publicly disclosed, and for sharing information about Africa -- later designated as classified -- with the Clinton Foundation while working at the State Department. During Mills' tenure at the department, Kim's company, Sae-A, became a donor to the Clinton Foundation, through its Clinton Global Initiative, and Mills remained involved in foundation matters. According to emails hacked from the accounts of Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, and released by WikiLeaks, Mills helped draft memos and consulted on internal organizational issues at the foundation, though she used her personal Gmail account and not her government email. Tweet by Bill Clinton accuser sparked effort to discredit her by Hillary camp, leaked emails show Another close Clinton aide at the State Department, Huma Abedin, was for a time permitted to work for the foundation and an outside consulting firm while serving as a "special government employee." Mills was also granted the same special designation after leaving the department, during the period when she was getting BlackIvy off the ground. The unpaid, part-time government role was "solely focused on Haiti" and did not involve her activities at BlackIvy, according to her spokesman, Eric London. Since teaming up through BlackIvy, Mills and Kim have maintained close business ties, appearing together last year for the opening of a new Sae-A factory in Costa Rica where they cut the ribbon alongside Costa Rica's president, Luis Guillermo Solís. In Africa, representatives of the United States Agency for International Development have consulted with BlackIvy and Sae-A about efforts to expand the textile trade in Ghana, where BlackIvy says the country's 23-cents-an-hour minimum wage "compares favorably" to higher wages in China, Bangladesh and Vietnam. Federal officials are barred from using their positions to negotiate future employment or exchange services for something of value, and no evidence has emerged to suggest that occurred with BlackIvy. Both Mills and Kim deny that his investment was influenced by the substantial assistance she provided his company while serving as Clinton's right hand at the State Department. Mills, 51, declined to be interviewed for this article, but London, a BlackIvy spokesman, said she had consulted with the State Department ethics office before accepting Kim's investment "to ensure it was consistent with any rules that applied to her because of her service." "Ms. Mills and Mr. Kim met during her work for the State Department in Haiti during earthquake reconstruction," London said. "She had no personal business ventures and no discussions about any prospective business with Mr. Kim while she was at State." Karen Seo, a spokeswoman for Sae-A, said the State Department's assistance in Haiti played no role in Kim's decision to invest in BlackIvy. His discussions about making the investment began in "late 2014," she said, more than a year after Mills had left the government. Seo said Sae-A "currently has no plans to invest in garment and textile manufacturing facilities in Africa," and that Mills had no business relationship with Sae-A outside of BlackIvy, adding that her appearance with Kim at the Sae-A factory opening in Costa Rica was of a social nature. "Ms. Mills was invited and came to the Costa Rica event as a friend, as did many others," she said. Hacked emails show $1M donation from Qatar, raise possibility of Clinton Foundation ethics breach Mills first gained public notice in the 1990s as a member of the legal team that defended then-President Bill Clinton during his impeachment trial. A graduate of Stanford Law School, she worked for Hillary Clinton's unsuccessful 2008 presidential campaign. While she has said she has no formal role with Clinton's current campaign for president, she remains a close confidante -- she was one of the few people aware of Clinton's pneumonia diagnosis days before it was made public. While at the State Department, Mills took the lead on a number of projects important to Clinton, perhaps none more so than Haiti. Even before the January 2010 earthquake, the impoverished Caribbean nation was the focus of attention from the Clintons. Bill Clinton, whose foundation is active there, had been named a United Nations special envoy to Haiti, and as early as April 2009, just a few months after becoming secretary of state, Hillary Clinton was being forwarded emails from Mills containing economic development ideas. Some of those ideas were from Jean-Louis Warnholz, an economist whose consulting business provided "intelligence on African markets." In emails and meetings with the Clintons and Mills, he advocated investment in textiles and agriculture as a way to create jobs, a theory that was fast-tracked in Haiti after the earthquake with a proposal for an industrial park anchored by a major garment factory. Mills soon hired Warnholz as her own adviser at the State Department -- he would later join her at BlackIvy -- and the two worked closely to push the industrial park concept. After overtures to another South Korean garment company fell through, Hillary Clinton and Mills met with Sae-A Trading executives during a trip to Seoul to pitch the idea. Sae-A supplies clothing to some of the largest U.S. retailers, including Wal-Mart and Kohl's, and has been accused of illegal tactics against union organizers at a plant in Guatemala, charges the company disputes. Ultimately, the United States provided about $124 million to develop a power plant, housing and other improvements for the Haiti industrial park, while an international development bank contributed $100 million and the Haitians provided the land. Sae-A agreed to invest $78 million. Sae-A was blunt about the need to make the deal worth the money. "This is business," a company spokesman said at the time. "At the end of the day, it's about making a profit." In addition to being good for Sae-A, the Haiti project recast the low-profile Kim as the sort of enlightened global capitalist the Clintons favor, earning him appearances at the Clinton Global Initiative and other international forums. When the industrial park opened for business in October, the Clintons were on hand for the celebration. Hillary Clinton thanked Kim "for everything that you and the leadership of Sae-A is doing," and she praised Mills for being the "real driver of our government's support for everything that we see here today." Six months after she resigned from the State Department in February 2013, Mills incorporated BlackIvy Group. She has described it as a "private operating company that builds commercial enterprises in sub-Saharan Africa." Kim was among a handful of prominent investors in BlackIvy, according to a description that was once on BlackIvy's website but has since been removed. The deleted page carried the heading "Our Team" and listed, in addition to Kim: Continental Grain, a multinational agribusiness with operations in Haiti; Steve Case, founder of AOL; Wall Street financier John Mack; hedge fund founder Raymond Dalio; and Beck, Mack & Oliver, an investment firm. The executive chairman of BlackIvy is Anthony Welters, a retired health insurance executive and longtime friend and mentor to Mills who has raised money for Hillary Clinton's campaign. His son, Bryant, works for BlackIvy, and his wife, Beatrice Wilkinson Welters, was the American ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago from 2010 to 2012. In July, two BlackIvy representatives, including Bryant Welters, met with government leaders in Trinidad, part of what the prime minister's office there said was a visit to explore "avenues for doing business with Trinidad and Tobago." Asked why BlackIvy was in the Caribbean, far outside its stated market areas in Africa, the company's spokesman, London, said it had nothing to do with Beatrice Wilkinson Welters' connections as a former ambassador. BlackIvy, he said, was not actually seeking business in Trinidad, but met with companies there "to learn about their successes in the region and to explore opportunities for them to establish operations in Ghana and replicate those successes." What BlackIvy has accomplished so far is not clear. It signed an agreement with officials in Tanzania to develop a transportation hub, but Tanzanian media reports suggest it is progressing slowly. A Tanzanian government audit in March questioned how BlackIvy was chosen, saying "there was no evidence" it was through a competitive bidding process. London said competitive bidding was not needed because BlackIvy's project is privately funded and there is no financial risk to the government. In Ghana, where BlackIvy has been pursuing an industrial park project, a PowerPoint presentation prepared by BlackIvy cited the country's low minimum wage as one of several competitive advantages that made Ghana "an ideal entry point to the West African market." Defending the model of attracting investment with promises of cheap labor, London offered an argument very similar to the one U.S. officials made when explaining why Sae-A's factory would be good for Haiti. "The industrial park will increase manufacturing in Ghana -- creating jobs and catalyzing growth -- which benefits the country and investors," he said. "Wages usually rise when manufacturing sectors expand and produce higher-value goods, which is what we want to see in Ghana." BlackIvy's rationale did not sway labor advocates like Scott Nova, executive director of the Worker Rights Consortium, who had criticized the Haiti project as a misguided U.S. relief effort that glossed over Sae-A's labor-relations history. "When you urge garment manufacturers producing in countries like Bangladesh, where wages are far too low for workers to adequately support their families, to move production to countries with even lower wages, it undercuts the efforts of apparel workers across the Global South to persuade governments, employers and major apparel brands to lift wages to a decent level," Nova said. From The New York Times Posted by Breaking News editor Matt Peterson View Comments Tags 2016 Presidential Election Politics Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds subscribe Site Archive Nancy Lee Hathaway , 74, of Union Sunday Oct 16, 2016 at 12:53 PM Nancy Lee Hathaway , 74 years, 8 months and 26 days, of Union, passed away on Oct. 13, 2016, at her home surrounded by her family. Nancy Lee Crook was born Jan. 17, 1942, in Nebraska City, the daughter of Charles P. and Marjorie (Eaton) Crook.   On Dec. 17, 1959, Nancy and Larry Ray Hathaway were united in marriage in Rock Port, Mo. To their union they had a son, Larry Lee, and a daughter Jill Nadine. She was a life long resident of  Union, where Nancy and Larry raised her children. She held many different jobs, which included: American Meter, Union Orchard, Walmart, and lately, at Peterson Mortuary, since 1984. Nancy was very out going and would go out of her way to make a person feel loved. Nancy was the rock of the family and was the care giver for all of them. She enjoyed working in her yard raising flowers, making jams and crocheting which she would give out at as Christmas gifts. She active in Order of Eastern Star and was a pass Worthy Matron. Nancy was preceded in her passing by her father, on Feb 23, 1986; daughter, Jill Nadine Jones on Jan. 19, 2009; mother, on Sept. 27, 2013; and her husband on Jan. 30, 2016. Survivors of Nancy include  her son, Larry Lee Hathaway and his wife Lisa, of Union; her four granddaughters: Ashley Hathaway and her fiancée Jesse Drumheller of Union, Maegan Balfour and her husband Nolan of Nehawka, Nadine Jones-Kucera of Omaha, and Natalie Jones and her fiancée  Stephen Green of Omaha; six great grandchildren, Chloe D. Cavanzon, Augustus “Gus” Drumheller, Gavin K. Balfour, Acelyn J. Kucera, Grace M. Balfour and Rexton Green; sister, Mary S. Smith of Spokane, Wash.; brothers: Leonard C. Crook and wife Peggy of Nebraska City, and Larry A. Crook and wife Vicki of Nehawka; many other family members and friends. Visitation was to be on Sunday, Oct. 16, 2016, from 1 p.m. to 8 p.m. with the family greeting friends from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. with Queen Esther Chapter 1, Order of Eastern Star 6 p.m. at Peterson Mortuary Chapel. Celebration of Life Funeral service for Nancy Lee Hathaway was to be held on Monday, Oct. 17, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., at the First Presbyterian Church in Nebraska City. Burial was to follow at East Union Cemetery near Union. Memorials are suggested to the choice of the family. Flowers and condolences can be sent to Peterson Mortuary, 111 N 11th St, Nebraska City, NE 68410, or on our website - www.PetersonMortuaryNE.com or emailed to PetersonMortuary@hotmail.com. Local Services are entrusted to Peterson Mortuary at 111 North 11th Street in Nebraska City, Nebraska, 68410. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Submit News Submit Engagement Announcement Submit Wedding Announcement Submit Anniversary Announcement Submit Birth Announcement Market Place Classifieds Place an Ad Shopping Coupons Boats Magazine Community Info TV Listings Nebraska Missing Persons Chamber of Commerce Sex Offender Registry Nebraska Road Conditions Gas Prices Communities Area Schools Nebraska City on Wikipedia Syracuse, NE Hamburg, Iowa Media Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Obituaries Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Nebraska City News-Press - Nebraska City, NE ~ 823 Central Ave, Nebraska City, NE 68410 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire Shareable State News Election 2016 Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Games Calendar Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber E-Edition Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
city ‹ › Kelowna's Homepage ●●● Sunday, Nov 13 7°C FlyersAutoMallEventsCamsTango Home Kelowna West Kelowna Penticton Vernon Salmon Arm Kamloops Poll Letters Get Involved Opinion What's up BC Missing woman in Surrey Surrey 4:27 pm - 2,654 views Premier to visit Buckingham United Kingdom 4:17 pm - 1,651 views Former anchor joins BC Libs Burnaby 3:46 pm - 10,858 views Kelowna West Kelowna Penticton Vernon Salmon Arm Kamloops Vancouver Victoria Prince George Nelson All BC News Canada Mapping media changes Canada 6:04 pm - 996 views Retrieving sunken tug Canada 5:41 pm - 469 views First Nation accepts $50M Nanaimo 4:51 pm - 3,183 views More Canada News World Ninja steals katana sword Alaska 5:31 pm - 1,062 views Priebus named chief of staff U.S. 5:23 pm - 849 views Deadly quake rocks N.Z. New Zealand 5:10 pm - 20,743 views More World News Business Business this week Business 7:46 am - 670 views Nasal device recalled Business - 1,261 views No Facebook effect on vote U.S. Election - 5,217 views Press Room Services Biz Opportunities Sports Late TD helps Lions win Vancouver 4:40 pm - 1,431 views Granlund overtime hero Sports 3:47 pm - 1,156 views Sweet victory for Sweeting Sports 1:24 pm - 427 views WHL BCHL BCFC KIJHL UBCO Heat Golf Ski Big White Silver Star Apex Sun Peaks ShowBiz Pink's pregnant with No. 2 Entertainment 4:58 am - 3,648 views Actor Robert Vaughn dies Entertainment - 8,998 views Won't sing till son is well Entertainment - 7,706 views TV Books Offbeat Around the Web Paparazzi Heather's Horoscope Ryan Donn Viral Videos Photos Showbiz Music Classifieds+ Automall RV-Boats-Powersports Flyers Jobs Real Estate Rentals Vehicles Auto Parts Rec Vehicles House-Home Furniture Electronics Fashion Kids Sports-Health Hobbies-Music Library Vintage-Antiques Home Improvement Commercial-Business Horse-Farm-Pets Services Garage-Free-Auctions Stores Classifieds Rate Sheet Real Estate Listings Showhome Showcase Luxury Homes Investment Real Estate Okanagan HOME Open Houses Opinion Poll Letters Forums Columnists Opinion Marzio's Cartoons Our Town Obituaries Adopt-a-Pet Events Movies Cams Gallery Crime Stoppers Get Involved Kelowna Council YLW Arrive / Depart YLW Connection Mag Bus Schedule Campus Life Okanagan Campus Life Kamloops Food & Drink Wine Maps Celebrations Contests ‹    Cities Armstrong, City of Enderby, City of Hedley, Township of Kamloops, City of Kelowna, City of   Pay Parking Tickets Keremeos, Village of Lake Country Merritt, City of Oliver, Town of Osoyoos, Town of Peachland, District of Penticton, City of Summerland, District of Vernon, City of West Kelowna, City of Westbank First Nation RDCO RDOS TNRD Interior Health Library UBC Okanagan Okanagan College Weather Kelowna Penticton Vernon Salmon Arm Kamloops Vancouver BC   Group detained at gunpoint Carmen Weld - Oct 16, 2016 / 8:15 am | Story: 178384 Photo: Facebook - Surrey RCMP Surrey RCMP are sending out a stern warning after a group of men with imitation firearms were detained at gunpoint. On Oct. 15 at 8:40 p.m., RCMP were told a group of approximately five men were seen wearing masks and holding what appeared to be handguns in an underground parkade, near the Walmart at the Guildford Mall in Surrey, Staff Sgt. Murray Hedderson says officers immediately attended the location and located the group of men, some of them still wearing masks, with what appeared to be pistols in their hands.  “The group of males was detained at gunpoint and it was determined that the handguns that they had were actually imitation firearms,” says Hedderson. “The group of males were just playing around and could not give any legitimate reason for their actions in the parkade.” Hedderson says Mounties want to remind the public that many fake or imitation firearms, until closely examined, are very hard to distinguish from real firearms. “Even trained police officers can not tell the difference between some of the imitation firearms and the real thing until they are closely examined,” says Hedderson. “Until the weapon can be identified as being an imitation firearm, the police have to deal with the situation as if the weapon was real.” Top Stories Report a Typo Discuss in Forums More BC News BC Vancouver Webcam Webcam provided by webcams.travel Recent Trending Mapping media changesCanada - 6:04 pm Retrieving sunken tugCanada - 5:41 pm Ninja steals katana swordAlaska - 5:31 pm Priebus named chief of staffU.S. - 5:23 pm Deadly quake rocks N.Z.New Zealand - 5:10 pm Former anchor joins BC LibsBurnaby - 3:46 pm No end to transit strikeKelowna - 11:52 am Ninja steals katana swordAlaska - 5:31 pm Crash blocks BoucherieWest Kelowna - 11:17 am First Nation accepts $50MNanaimo - 4:51 pm More Top Stories > All BC News > Send us your news tips > BC Quick Links BC Discussion Forum Government of BC Wildfire News Provincial Emergency Program BC Health Guide Drive BC BC Ferries Most Recent on German guy blocks car exhaust Must Watch “My Eyes! The Goggles do Nothing!”   Shia LaBeouf: ‘Marriage is the best thing I ever did’ Showbiz Marriage is really agreeing with Transformers star Shia LaBeouf... Animal Posts On Tumblr That Are Impossible Not To Laugh At Galleries Having a bad day? Then don’t worry because we’ve got... Animal Posts On Tumblr That Are Impossible Not To Laugh At (2) Galleries More of our favorite animal posts from Tumblr! Idiots laser a news helicopter Must Watch Sweet sweet justice gets served up © 2016 Castanet.net Make Castanet Your Homepage News Tips Advertising Contact Us
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu GREEN SHOOTS The American midwest is home to the country’s scrappiest tech startups Written by Bailey Reutzel October 16, 2016 Farming isn’t the only midwest’s only growth activity. (AP Photo/Seth Perlman) Share Written by Bailey Reutzel October 16, 2016 Engineers in hoodies walk around a bright office, while casually dressed marketing executives grab snacks from the kitchen’s unlimited supply. Visitors pass through a workspace divided into “team pods” as interns between meetings play foosball in the common area. It’s the quintessential portrait of a tech startup, one most people associate with Google, Facebook, and other giants of Silicon Valley. But this particular office isn’t in the Valley, or in California at all. It’s the headquarters of five-year-old video production company TruScribe—in Madison, Wisconsin. Founded by Jim Herkert and his son and son-in-law, TruScribe has three offices and more than 650 clients, Walmart and Hewlett-Packard among them. Weird Al Yankovic even worked with the company on the music video for his song “Mission Statement.” But most people have never heard of TruScribe. While the US tech scene is having a major moment, the glitz and glamour of Silicon Valley can be hard to come by in the American midwest. It’s a challenge that affects everything from investment to hiring to press—but also one that makes for bootstrapping success stories. Flyover money To date, TruScribe has raised $2 million in venture capital, all of it from local investors. Herkert says coastal VC firms have a knee-jerk aversion to the so-called “flyover states.” “There’s a bias in people to focus on what’s in their backyard,” says Chris Olsen, a partner at Columbus, Ohio-based Drive Capital. The numbers bear that out. According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, in 2014 less than 5% of the $48.3 million in VC money doled out to US tech companies went to startups based in the midwest. In the second quarter of this year, it was only 3%. Chicago, the only midwestern city to crack the top 20 for global VC investment, commands just 1.6% of total funding. And AngelList shows roughly 300 open startup jobs in the region, compared with 3,000 each in Silicon Valley and New York. “The people in San Francisco think you’re not as good,” says Jeff Shinrock, a Des Moines-based developer with gamification platform Bunchball. “Because if you were, you would already live in San Francisco.” Startup savvy While Silicon Valley is rife with stories of funding preceding viable products, midwest startups don’t have the luxury of easy money. But that does give them the advantage of thrift. “The amount of work we got done from the limited funding we got, our tech was what we put that money toward,” says Herkert. TruScribe recently cut costs by automating part of its whiteboard animation process, which reduced the man-hours needed for each video by 25%. The company put that savings toward new production systems. “What you see a lot here [in the midwest] is bootstrapping more than anything,” says Jordan Lampe, head of communications and policy affairs for Dwolla, a Des Moines-based real-time payments platform. “A startup [here] must do all it can to hedge the aversions of local investors.” On the horizon There is hope, though, as a confluence of factors give midwest startups new opportunity. Chief among them: The region is home to more Fortune 500 companies than anywhere else in the world. “The opportunity here to be engaged with larger companies has limited [startups’] needs to go the venture capital route,” says Dana Davis, CEO of the Bentonville/Bella Vista Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas. “If you’re near a large company, that obviously ups your chances of finding an exit.” Moreover, Olsen says these corporate giants are “dying to have a startup come in and show them how to run their business better, faster, and cheaper.” Hiring is getting easier, too. Many midwestern states are now providing STEM initiatives to get kids interested in science, technology, and math, and to entice graduates to stay in the area. It doesn’t hurt that New York and San Francisco are more expensive than ever, or that technology infrastructure has made location increasingly less import to startups, their potential employees, or future acquirers. Perhaps most important though, the midwestern mentality is changing. Growing up in Cincinnati, Ohio, Olsen says many people he knew were on the track to work at Procter & Gamble, which is headquartered there. Now young people want to build their own companies. “In the next 10 years, the midwest will be one of the best places for tech startups,” he says. “You don’t have to raise $100 million to be profitable.” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Hot Topics: U.S. Presidential Election News Local Elections Where We Live My Classic Car The Alphabet Print   Email   Font Resize COMMUNITY CONVERSATIONS: Positive Change for Animals to host Paint Night fundraiser By Cheryl Cuddahy Updated:   10/16/2016 08:58:19 AM EDT "Cats on a Coach" will be the featured painting at a Paint Night hosted by Positive Change for Animals on Oct. 26. SUBMITTED PHOTO Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site. LEOMINSTER -- Positive Change for Animals, a group designed to promote just that, will hold a Paint Night Fundraiser from 6:45-10:15 p.m. on Oct. 26, at The Luxury Box Restaurant, located at 899 Central St. Cost of the event is $32 per person. "Participants of the Paint Night are sure to enjoy socializing and appetizers, while engaging in a guided art project titled 'Cats on the Couch,'" said Karen Bacon, founding member of Positive Change for Animals. "The artwork will feature cats, and money raised will benefit the Pat Brody Shelter for Cats in Lunenburg." All paint materials and canvas are provided, and each participant will make his or her own masterpiece. No prior art experience or talent is required. Pre-defined layout and a step-by-step process will help participants create their masterpiece. Pat Brody lived in Lunenburg and had a very special love for cats. She founded the shelter in 1984 as a means to help stray cats. When Brody died of cancer in 1991, there was concern over the fate of the shelter. Priscilla Deschamps, the current shelter director, had been volunteering with Pat for about a year and she stepped forward and took over the shelter with the help of a dedicated group of volunteers. Much has changed since then. In 1991, the shelter was helping 80-plus cats. Today it adopts out 600 or more cats each year. It continues to improve its facilities and expand services. Advertisement All of this work is done by volunteers and through adoption fees and donations. It's a labor of love that is reflected in the good health and upbeat attitudes of the shelter's feline population. The Pat Brody Shelter for Cats is also a member of the Very Best Pet Network, a program created by the American Humane Association in partnership with Wal-Mart and Purina. Through this program, the local Wal-Mart store allows the shelter to post pictures of cats available for adoption on a display board in the store's pet department. "Positive Change for Animals is an organization that I formed as a way of bringing together people who are interested in volunteering to help animals and/or improve their lives," Bacon said. "The group has a social orientation as well as a volunteer one, with many meetups having games or crafts in addition to project or event planning agendas." The group sponsors meetups, community events and volunteer opportunities on a wide range of animal-related issues. "We are on both Facebook and Meetup.com, and anyone who wishes to help animals in any capacity is welcome to join," she said. "Activities can be direct and hands-on with animals, or in the realm of fundraising, event promotion, and legislative awareness." The organization has a large membership, but most regular meetings are with a core group of four to six people. "Like-minded individuals can find a place to share their ways of influencing others about animal issues, not necessarily through activism, but through simple person-to-person interactions," Bacon said. "We welcome and encourage new attendees, and we hold activities such as a non-dairy ice cream social which had over 60 attendees." The Pat Brody Shelter for Cats is also looking for ways to invite volunteers whether at the shelter, through fostering a kitten at your home, or sponsoring a cat or kitten who may not get adopted anytime soon. "We definitely encourage people to attend this or any other event or meetup we sponsor," Bacon said. "If you care about animals, want to make new friends, and participate in social and community events to benefit animal causes, you should join our group." Tickets are still available, and can be purchased by becoming a member of the meetup group, https://www.meetup.com/Positive-Change-for-Animals-Social-and-Volunteer-Group/events/234069835/ and RSVP-ing to the 10/26 event. Alternatively, tickets can be purchased by using the following PayPal link: https://www.paypal.me/PCAPaintNight/32. For more information on the Pat Brody Shelter for Cats, call 978-582-6116, email pbs@catsontheweb.org or visit www.catsontheweb.org. Got a column subject or item for Community Conversations? Email ccuddahy@sentinelandenterprise.com. Read her blog at blogs sentinelandenterprise.com/communityconversations. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top     Welcome to your discussion forum: Sign in with a Disqus account or your social networking account for your comment to be posted immediately, provided it meets the guidelines. (READ HOW.) Comments made here are the sole responsibility of the person posting them; these comments do not reflect the opinion of The Sentinel and Enterprise. So keep it civil. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google+ The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Counter culture: Revisiting mom-and-pop stores 35 years later Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 9:23 PM Oct 16, 2016 at 9:38 AM Rich Saal Photo Editor @RichSaal Until it closed in the mid-1980s, Kommer’s Grocery was its own town, in a small way. It sat at a crossroads 10 miles north of Metropolis and drew people from the surrounding rural area for groceries and gossip — and barbed wire, too, if you needed that. Gerald Kommer hadn’t even reached his 10th birthday when his mom, Reba, would step out for errands and leave him to run the store. “My dad was always outside in the barn or in the shop working on a car. If I needed him, he was available. Honestly, I don’t hardly remember a day that I didn’t work in the store.” I photographed Gerald, his mother Reba and his grandmother Wanda in 1982, sitting in their usual spot at the back of the store. I was working on a documentary photography project, an effort to record the dozens of mom-and-pop grocery markets you could still find in southern and central Illinois, as well as parts of Missouri and Kentucky. I returned to the project this summer, curious about what had happened to these wonderful places. I didn’t assume anything, I knew most of them — and the people, too — would be gone. The idea was to create a visual timeline with two points 35 years apart. I took Gerald’s picture again in April. His mother and grandmother long passed, this time it was by himself on the site where the store had been, and he told me about growing up there. Community center “Every day there would easily be five or six or seven farmers who had been out in the field all morning long, and they would come in for lunch. They would sit in there and tell stories, talk about their crops and talk about what they were dealing with on the farm.” Aside from offering milk, bread, lunchmeat and canned goods, the store also functioned as a town square might, a place where a community came together. “You always knew what was going on, there were never any secrets,” he says. It was a place to hear things and share things. “When things did happen, they would come in and tell my mom or my grandmother to let everybody know that so-and-so had their baby. That was a big way of spreading the news.” Through the door to the right, farmers and other visitors held court in a seating area. A large glass and wooden counter made an L-shape through the room. A display case of cigars sat on the top. The counter stretched to the back of the store. It ended near the display of cigarettes and the cash register at a workspace for Reba. She kept a collection of receipt books, a customer’s name written on each. “That was my mother’s bookkeeping system; it kept track of what everybody bought and what they owed.” In Burfordville, Cave in Rock, River aux Vasses, Oscar, Goreville, Camp Grove and Cairo, the stores were easy to find. They were all unique except for one commonality: In every store, it was hard to miss the profoundly sad evidence that they were losing ground to the march of progress. Not much left Standing in the front yard of his home on Poplar Street in Cairo, Cornell McGoy remembers when the town at the very southern tip of the state had a market on nearly every corner. Today there isn’t a single grocery business in the city. “I’ve been living in this area, oh, off and on ever since I was born, and I’ve seen a lot of things come and go. Like Frankie’s across the street over here, Booker’s down on that corner, Arthur Bee’s on 24th Street, the Chat and Chew on 23rd …. “Our man Frankie was one of the best people you had in the neighborhood,” he says. Just across the street from McGoy’s home is where Frankie Kol operated a market and variety store. Between clumps of overgrown weeds you can see bricks from the old building strewn about the empty lot. “He let people have food on credit.” Visual timeline That might have been the biggest thing going for the independently owned stores, and it set them apart from the extremely competitive chain stores. “Yeah, maybe there wasn’t the variety that there is in the Walmart, but I wager you’ll never feel the same way walking into a Walmart that you would’ve felt walking into one of these stores. You’ll never have the same personal relationships with the people there either,” says Gary Kolb. Kolb is a retired dean of the College of Comunications at Southern Illinois University Carbondale and was a photography instructor in 1982. He was my adviser when I began photographing the stores, and I recently asked him to take another look at the project and some of the new pictures. “I used to tell students in my basic photography classes, ‘Do you want to make an interesting photograph? OK, take any photograph and put it in a drawer for 50 years, then take it out. I guarantee it will be interesting,’ ” Kolb says. “If it has people in it and if it has cars in it, if it has mode of dress in it, hairstyles in it, it’ll be even more interesting.” Photography has a unique relationship to time, he says; no other medium can describe time in precisely the same way. A photograph captures a moment and preserves it. Photographs and their relationship to history are based on a firm set of facts established the second the image is recorded, Kolb says, and yet when time intervenes, they are re-interpreted as new contexts are added to them. What makes a picture transcend a simple record of facts is the emotional and psychological response it can trigger, perhaps not at the time it was made, but only years later it becomes poignant, Kolb adds. A place like this Not one of the grocery stores I photographed in 1982 is still in business. Some of the buildings are there, but an Italian restaurant, attorney’s office or a computer repair shop now occupy the spaces that once offered kitchen staples. In some places, there is scant existed. An exception is McCormick’s Grocery and General Store on Illinois 242, south of Wayne City near Interstate 64. It’s been closed for 22 years, but the day to clear it out has not yet arrived. The grocery products are long gone from the shelves, but the shelves are still there. So is the wood counter in front of them, a pay phone on the wall and the candy case. On the back wall, the steps still lead up to the kitchen of the house where Walter and Wanda McCormick lived while they ran the business for 34 years. Walter died in 1994 and the store was closed a few months later; Wanda still lives in the house. “For a kid to grow up in a place like this was interesting, educational at times,” says Shaun Stone, who was 4 years old when I took a picture of him on his grandfather’s lap. Shaun spent a lot of days hanging out with his grandfather. “I remember sitting on the counter, talking to Grandpa, always watching TV, always eating a Snickers bar and drinking a Coke.” He watched cartoons when he was young, but later it was often horse races. That was one of Walter’s passions that he shared with Shaun. People would come in to pick up a few items, say hello and leave. Others stayed for hours, sitting around a wood-burning stove. “We always had a TV on. People would watch some of the baseball games; they’d catch a few innings then leave. It was a good place for a lot of community gossip. Sometimes the sheriff would show up and have a coffee and talk about what was going on in the area, if there was anything bad going on, what have you. Everybody was pretty much there all the time, you never knew who was going to show up, really.” “My grandfather was not a very wealthy man but was rich in experience, and he knew how to manage his money to get to where he needed to be. He was very rich in knowledge because of all the people he met through that store,” Stone says. Human connections Rich in experience, indeed. Mom and pop didn’t just sell things in cans and boxes; their most valuable commodity was free. They were the place to make a human connection, where people met face-to-face to share joys and concerns, to give or get advice. They were community before it went online. I’ve always thought that it’s the little, everyday things around us that say more about who we are than epic, world-changing events. The things we take for granted are often the very things we miss most when they’re gone. The idea that our perspective changes as we move along a timeline and then look backward fascinates me, and I think Gary Kolb was right. I took these pictures and then put them in a box, and 34 years later, they’re more interesting to me. And I miss mom and pop. Contact Rich Saal: rich.saal@sj-r.com, 788-1475, twitter.com/@richsaal. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 47° 47° Low 39° High 68° Mon 40° 68° Tue 42° 71° Wed 44° 73° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Man arrested for identity theft after giving police false I.D. Posted 6:14 am, October 16, 2016, by Associated Press Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Levi Joseph Herr (Photo courtesy: Decatur police) × Man arrested for identity theft after giving police false I.D. Levi Joseph Herr (Photo courtesy: Decatur police) DECATUR, Ala. (AP) – A man is in jail for identity theft after police found he had identification documents that did not belong to him. A complaint Friday of two people soliciting money at Walmart led police to an investigation. Police said one of them, later identified as Levi Joseph Herr, gave an officer a Georgia identification card belonging to someone else. Police arrested Herr on a charge of giving a false name to a law enforcement officer and transported him for Decatur City Jail for booking. Later on Saturday investigators discovered Herr had obtained identification documents in the victim’s name, without authorization or consent. Herr was also charged with identity theft. He will later be transferred to the Morgan County Jail once his bond is set. 34.605925 -86.983342 Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Air quality alert issued due to wildfire smoke Heavy smoke blankets Marshall County, south Huntsville The BEST Thanksgiving and Black Friday deals on electronics, gadgets and high-tech toys Florence police locate missing woman in ravine Latest News Political Analyst Jess Brown talks early voting with WHNT YOUR PHOTOS: Largest supermoon in 68 years Trump tells supporters to stop harassing minorities during sit down with 60 Minutes Students raced to the finish line Saturday during Greenpower Jaguar race Huntsville Self-proclaimed ‘sovereign citizens’ evicted from Madison County home; found with stolen IDs, foreign cash & equipment News Man charged after multiple vehicle break-ins and a burglary Decatur News Decatur man arrested after burglary investigation; facing drug charges News Former Best Way Rent-to-Own employee accused of stealing customer’s identity News Man asks officers to find briefcase, gets arrested when ‘important work’ turns out to be cocaine: police Decatur News Decatur shooting suspect located; charged with assault and possession News Man drops ring, shoots girlfriend to death after she rejects marriage proposal: police Decatur Decatur man arrested after domestic violence investigation Huntsville Man charged with attempted murder after police manhunt Athens Athens Police make arrest in Facebook ‘yard sale’ robbery, assault Decatur News Decatur Police discover soiled toddler on apartment balcony; father charged with child abuse Huntsville Man charged in ‘sovereign citizen’ fraud case remains in Huntsville, denies any wrongdoing News Man dies in Limestone Co. jail same day he’s arrested Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2016, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Sunday, November 13, 2016 North Bay, ON 5° Clear Sponsored by: Canadore College Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Events UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Bomb scare forces evacuation of store Sunday, October 16, 2016 6:09:09 EDT AM OPP Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error The Temiskaming Shores detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police are investigating a bomb threat at the Walmart store in Dymond Township Friday night.   OPP said the call was received at about 7:50 p.m. and the store on Highway 11 was immediately evacuated. Nothing was found in a search of the premises. Anyone who may have information on the incident is asked to contact the OPP at 1-888-310-1122 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), where you may be eligible to receive a cash reward of up to $2,000.  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Finance Nancy Kirkham - Certified Financial Planner Activities & Events NORTHERN LIGHTS FESTIVAL BOREAL Insurance Rivet Insurance Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with North Bay Nugget Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions North Bay View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow North Bay Nugget Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Lacrosse Curling Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Events Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print North Bay Nugget Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2016 North Bay Nugget. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
null
null
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds City NewsPoliticsTopicsEnvironmentEducationAnnouncementsTrafficPhotosBlogs News Krispy Kreme is coming to Menifee on Nov. 15 News Norco may prosecute trash scavengers News How one Jew survived the Holocaust – and why he shared his story with Corona News Here's what will change under Riverside's new contract with largest union News Consider Colorado: How has legalized pot changed the state 4 years later? Tweet    Consider Colorado: How has legalized pot changed the state 4 years later? Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 8 More Galleries     Giant marijuana cigarettes are seen in May during the Denver 420 Rally, the world's largest celebration of legal cannabis and cannabis culture. Colorado is one of four U.S. states that have legalized recreational marijuana. JASON CONNOLLY, AFP/GETTY IMAGES Related article » More from this story SLIDE SHOW: Consider Colorado: How has legalized pot changed the state 4 years later? 8 Photos » Cannabis Conversation: Is pot safe for pregnant moms? Does marijuana cause lung cancer? The vote to legalize marijuana in California might have its greatest impact elsewhere Experts in nearby states warn against Prop. 64, which would legalize marijuana in California Pharma sees potential in marijuana What happens to medical marijuana if recreational use becomes legal? Considering a career path in the pot industry? Here's what you should know Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By BROOKE EDWARDS STAGGS / Staff Writer Published: Oct. 16, 2016 Updated: Oct. 17, 2016 5:28 p.m. As we crossed the mountainous border into southeastern Colorado, our rented Mitsubishi Mirage didn’t descend into a cloud of smoke. But the first business my husband and I saw when we exited I-25 in the small town of Trinidad was CannaCo, a recreational pot shop and cultivation facility that sits next door to a Wal-Mart. Coloradans voted to legalize marijuana for adults in 2012 under Amendment 64. Washington also approved recreational pot that year, with Oregon, Alaska and Washington, D.C., soon to follow. Colorado was the first state to open shops in January 2014, though, making it ground zero for the nation’s growing legal cannabis movement. Related: Is pot the next 'Big Tobacco'? It’s early for definitive answers on how legalizing marijuana impacts serious issues such as teen use and drugged driving. For now, most studies suggest little change. But with California weeks from voting on a similar marijuana legalization measure, coincidentally called Proposition 64, my husband and I dedicated a portion of our anniversary road trip to surveying life in a state with legal weed. We found that marijuana is now part of the Rocky Mountain landscape, with shops, grow sites and tours scattered throughout the state. But it also isn’t as prevalent as we expected, with public consumption illegal and alcohol still the more common intoxicant of choice. We heard how legalization has boosted tax revenues and breathed life into struggling areas, with polls showing the majority of Coloradans viewing the change as mostly positive. Related: Polls show support growing for legalized pot� But legal marijuana is an ever-evolving experiment. New regulations kicked in even in the days before we arrived. And, four years into their experiment, some Colorado communities remain conflicted over the controversial plant. EVIDENT, BUT NOT EVERYWHERE The fact that we were about to visit a legal weed state was evident before we left California in late September. As we searched for accommodations, some Colorado spots stated they don’t allow “smoking of any kind.” Others labeled themselves as a “bud and breakfast,” the accepted term for cannabis-friendly lodging. Just as Prop. 64 proposes, Colorado’s law allows local cities to choose whether to welcome shops. So we toured a few “dry” communities, such as Colorado Springs. Then we stayed in Durango, where we heard a radio ad for an area pot shop, and Denver, where it’s easy to find the trademark green crosses as soon as you look for them. Related: Will San Jacinto voters agree to tax pot growers? We popped into downtown Denver’s Cannabis Station, one of eight shops in the Rocky Mountain High Dispensary chain. After flashing our driver’s licenses to a receptionist, we were greeted by two budtenders who said they believe legal weed has made Denver a happier, friendlier place to be. 1 2 3 Next Page Related: Cannabis Conversation: Is pot safe for pregnant moms? Does marijuana cause lung cancer? The vote to legalize marijuana in California might have its greatest impact elsewhere Experts in nearby states warn against Prop. 64, which would legalize marijuana in California Pharma sees potential in marijuana What happens to medical marijuana if recreational use becomes legal? Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Political Notebook What the Inland delegations to Washington and Sacramento look like post-election Obama's action allowed them to work here legally. With Trump, they fear deportation Will Trump spur a tea party of the left? COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
null
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Everyday Hero: He intervenes in Dana Point to stop drug overdoses Lansner: Want affordable housing? Move to Trumpland! Defense, special teams carry Rams again in 9-6 win over Jets FINAL: Lakers end three-game trip with 125-99 loss to T-Wolves Bonsignore: Rams' victory over Jets does nothing to mask their inept offense Jerry Savoie, Jason Line capture NHRA titles at Finals Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Andrew McMahon rocks for a cause in Santa Ana Top news News Consider Colorado: How has legalized pot changed the state 4 years later? Oct. 17, 2016 Updated Oct. 18, 2016 6:56 a.m. 1 of 8 An overlook at Rocky Mountain National Park. Marijuana possession remains illegal on federal land. BREANNAN LINSLEY AP 1 of 8 This July 19, 2014 photo shows Nymph Lake in the Bear Lake Corridor Trails area in Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado. Marijuana possession remains illegal on federal land, with signs warning visitors to leave their pot behind. , LINDSEY TANNER AP 1 of 8 Pot containers line shelves at The Station in Boulder, one of many Colorado cities to welcome recreational marijuana businesses. BRENNAN LINSLEY, ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 8 Giant marijuana cigarettes are seen in May during the Denver 420 Rally, the world's largest celebration of legal cannabis and cannabis culture. Colorado is one of four U.S. states that have legalized recreational marijuana. JASON CONNOLLY, AFP/GETTY IMAGES 1 of 8 The candy at BlueKudu in Denver reflects the THC stamp requirement, which took effect Oct. 1. One goal of the rule is to keep edibles out of the hands of kids. , DAVID ZALUBOWSKI, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 8 Candy bar wrappers reflect a new state requirement that marijuana edibles be identified as containing THC, the main compound that makes consumers high. , DAVID ZALUBOWSKI, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 8 Alex Torres walks his dog, Spencer, in downtown Denver. Torres has stage 4 cirrhosis and uses medical marijuana to help make food palatable. COURTESY OF CHRIS STAGGS 1 of 8 Jennifer Morton of My 420 Tours talks with job seekers at CannaSearch, Colorado's first cannabis job fair, in 2014 in Denver. The company offers cannabis-themed tours of the city for visitors and locals. DOUG PENSINGER, GETTY IMAGES View slideshow An overlook at Rocky Mountain National Park. Marijuana possession remains illegal on federal land.BREANNAN LINSLEY AP By BROOKE EDWARDS STAGGS / Staff Writer Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF As we crossed the mountainous border into southeastern Colorado, our rented Mitsubishi Mirage didn’t descend into a cloud of smoke. But the first business my husband and I saw when we exited I-25 in the small town of Trinidad was CannaCo, a recreational pot shop and cultivation facility that sits next door to a Wal-Mart. Coloradans voted to legalize marijuana for adults in 2012 under Amendment 64. Washington also approved recreational pot that year, with Oregon, Alaska and Washington, D.C., soon to follow. Colorado was the first state to open shops in January 2014, though, making it ground zero for the nation’s growing legal cannabis movement. It’s early for definitive answers on how legalizing marijuana impacts serious issues such as teen use and drugged driving. For now, most studies suggest little change. But with California weeks from voting on a similar marijuana legalization measure, coincidentally called Proposition 64, my husband and I dedicated a portion of our anniversary road trip to surveying life in a state with legal weed. We found that marijuana is now part of the Rocky Mountain landscape, with shops, grow sites and tours scattered throughout the state. But it also isn’t as prevalent as we expected, with public consumption illegal and alcohol still the more common intoxicant of choice. We heard how legalization has boosted tax revenues and breathed life into struggling areas, with polls showing the majority of Coloradans viewing the change as mostly positive. But legal marijuana is an ever-evolving experiment. New regulations kicked in even in the days before we arrived. And, four years into their experiment, some Colorado communities remain conflicted over the controversial plant. EVIDENT, BUT NOT EVERYWHERE The fact that we were about to visit a legal weed state was evident before we left California in late September. As we searched for accommodations, some Colorado spots stated they don’t allow “smoking of any kind.” Others labeled themselves as a “bud and breakfast,” the accepted term for cannabis-friendly lodging. Just as Prop. 64 proposes, Colorado’s law allows local cities to choose whether to welcome shops. So we toured a few “dry” communities, such as Colorado Springs. Then we stayed in Durango, where we heard a radio ad for an area pot shop, and Denver, where it’s easy to find the trademark green crosses as soon as you look for them. We popped into downtown Denver’s Cannabis Station, one of eight shops in the Rocky Mountain High Dispensary chain. After flashing our driver’s licenses to a receptionist, we were greeted by two budtenders who said they believe legal weed has made Denver a happier, friendlier place to be. Carrie Griffo, 22, moved to town from upstate New York to attend college and be part of the legal pot industry. Meghann St. Nolde, 29, came from Wisconsin in search of “cannabis freedom.” “It’s like we’re living history every day,” St. Nolde said. Their shop is in the shadow of Coors Field, where the Rockies play baseball, but in an area that St. Nolde said tourists wouldn’t have visited a few years ago. Now, roughly 98 percent of their customers are tourists, she said, with large numbers of shoppers from Florida, Texas and Illinois. Many customers buy cannabis-infused foods, she said. It’s trickier for newbies to regulate their intake with edibles, which take effect more slowly than smoking. But tourists often have no choice, since smoking is banned in public and in most hotels, while state law doesn’t allow for Amsterdam-style weed clubs (though there’s an initiative on the ballot to change that). “People don’t have a place to smoke,” Griffo said. “I don’t think it makes any sense.” We were offered edibles along with wine during a private dinner party. But we never encountered anyone smoking pot on the streets. We did smell marijuana a couple of times during a concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater, just outside Denver. But that happens at many California concerts. What was unusual was the reminder, on an on-stage screen, that public consumption of pot remains illegal. We saw harsher admonishments as we drove into Mesa Verde National Park in southwestern Colorado, eager to check out the ancient cliff dwellings. A sign near the park’s entrance cautioned visitors that marijuana possession is prohibited on federal land. It can result in a fine of up to $5,000 or six months in jail, highlighting Colorado’s ongoing conflict with federal law – a conflict California might face if voters approve Prop. 64. IN FLUX Four years after Colorado’s historic vote, state and local marijuana laws are still evolving. On Oct. 1, the state began requiring that all edibles be stamped with “THC,” the main compound in marijuana that makes consumers high. The goals, lawmakers say, are to ensure consumers know what they’re getting and to keep edibles out of the hands of kids. Rocky Mountain High Dispensary had a license to make edibles, but St. Nolde said the company couldn’t afford the equipment it would need to stamp the THC label and comply with the new law. Now, they’re relying on outside vendors. An estimated 30 percent of the state’s supply of marijuana is grown in Pueblo County. The area, in southeastern Colorado, once was known for its production of steel. The county made headlines last November when it opted to use marijuana taxes to help fund college scholarships. But as we drove through, we heard a radio ad about a local ballot measure that aims to shut down all recreational marijuana businesses in the county by Halloween 2017. The measure is backed by a group called Citizens for a Healthy Pueblo, which points to the county’s crime rates and homeless issues. But it faces an uphill battle against the better-funded group Growing Pueblo’s Future, which says some 1,300 jobs and $3 million in tax revenue would evaporate if pot businesses were banned. UNEXPECTED CONSEQUENCES As in California, medical marijuana was legal in Colorado for many years before the vote on recreational use. Denver native Alex Torres has been a medical marijuana patient since 2009, using the plant to stimulate his appetite as he battles stage 4 cirrhosis. Torres, 59, walks his dog, Spencer, to keep up his strength. But he’s made plans for his budtender, Brittany, to care for Spencer when he’s gone. Legalizing recreational marijuana has had little impact on his routine, Torres said. The main difference is that pot is cheaper, which he said is helpful since he survives on Social Security and cash from selling his artwork and handmade burritos. But the building he’s lived in for years just banned smoking. While he can still use edibles, he said that’s a struggle for people who rely on marijuana to make food palatable. “What am I supposed to do?” he asked. “How can they just disregard us?” Over breakfast burritos in Colorado Springs, our friend Papi Sorrels explained he supports people’s right to use marijuana. But he’s concerned about how tourists who come to get high don’t respect the land the way locals do. And he said property values have skyrocketed as people have flooded the state – good news for owners, but bad news for renters increasingly priced out of communities. He’s one of several people we spoke to who hopes California passes Prop. 64 if for no other reason than to take pressure off Colorado as the weed capital of the nation. “Once it’s legal more places,” he said, “it won’t be such a big deal.” Contact the writer: 714-796-7963 or bstaggs@ocregister.comTwitter: @JournoBrooke Related Links Cannabis Conversation: Is pot safe for pregnant moms? Does marijuana cause lung cancer? The vote to legalize marijuana in California might have its greatest impact elsewhere Experts in nearby states warn against Prop. 64, which would legalize marijuana in California Pharma sees potential in marijuana What happens to medical marijuana if recreational use becomes legal? Considering a career path in the pot industry? Here's what you should know Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Firefighters mop up after San Juan Capistrano brush fire that threatened homes California jumps the shark Baby boomers show right way to react to Trump victory One person in custody after 3-vehicle Fullerton crash Singer-songwriter and musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Related Links Cannabis Conversation: Is pot safe for pregnant moms? Does marijuana cause lung cancer? The vote to legalize marijuana in California might have its greatest impact elsewhere Experts in nearby states warn against Prop. 64, which would legalize marijuana in California Pharma sees potential in marijuana What happens to medical marijuana if recreational use becomes legal? Considering a career path in the pot industry? Here's what you should know User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Everyday Hero: He intervenes in Dana Point to stop drug overdoses Lansner: Want affordable housing? Move to Trumpland! Defense, special teams carry Rams again in 9-6 win over Jets FINAL: Lakers end three-game trip with 125-99 loss to T-Wolves Bonsignore: Rams' victory over Jets does nothing to mask their inept offense Jerry Savoie, Jason Line capture NHRA titles at Finals Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Andrew McMahon rocks for a cause in Santa Ana Top news Education » CSU board to consider tuition hike for next year CSUF President Mildred García named as chair-elect of higher education board Huntington Beach High School district tabs Saddleback superintendent as new leader BUSINESS » Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin O.C. Watchdog » Watchdog: Assaults on California police soar. More attacks, or more sensitivity? Free after six years in jail, but never charged with crime Census: Why more women are deciding that babies can wait Health Care » Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. Former operator of drug treatment centers in Orange, L.A. counties arrested on suspicion of sex and financial crimes How Obamacare may sway voters in this election ENTERTAINMENT » Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Food » Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Outlets at San Clemente celebrates first year, but where's all the food? This cab franc has a whiff of mystery TELEVISION » Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights TV highlights Nov. 1-5 Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia CALIFORNIA ELECTION » FOCUS: A geographical look at how the state voted in 2016 CARTOONS » Cartoons: Love Trumps Hate SLIDESHOW » U.S. men's soccer team coach Jurgen Klinsmann scores $2 million for Newport Beach house SLIDESHOW » 3 injured, including firefighter, in huge fire in Newport Beach industrial complex SLIDESHOW » Football playoffs: Photos of the fans, fun and emotions at Friday's games SLIDESHOW » Street Style: Chic elegance on display in downtown Orange Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Receive breaking news and newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Counter culture: Revisiting mom-and-pop stores 35 years later Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 9:23 PM Oct 16, 2016 at 9:38 AM Rich Saal Photo Editor @RichSaal Until it closed in the mid-1980s, Kommer’s Grocery was its own town, in a small way. It sat at a crossroads 10 miles north of Metropolis and drew people from the surrounding rural area for groceries and gossip — and barbed wire, too, if you needed that. Gerald Kommer hadn’t even reached his 10th birthday when his mom, Reba, would step out for errands and leave him to run the store. “My dad was always outside in the barn or in the shop working on a car. If I needed him, he was available. Honestly, I don’t hardly remember a day that I didn’t work in the store.” I photographed Gerald, his mother Reba and his grandmother Wanda in 1982, sitting in their usual spot at the back of the store. I was working on a documentary photography project, an effort to record the dozens of mom-and-pop grocery markets you could still find in southern and central Illinois, as well as parts of Missouri and Kentucky. I returned to the project this summer, curious about what had happened to these wonderful places. I didn’t assume anything, I knew most of them — and the people, too — would be gone. The idea was to create a visual timeline with two points 35 years apart. I took Gerald’s picture again in April. His mother and grandmother long passed, this time it was by himself on the site where the store had been, and he told me about growing up there. Community center “Every day there would easily be five or six or seven farmers who had been out in the field all morning long, and they would come in for lunch. They would sit in there and tell stories, talk about their crops and talk about what they were dealing with on the farm.” Aside from offering milk, bread, lunchmeat and canned goods, the store also functioned as a town square might, a place where a community came together. “You always knew what was going on, there were never any secrets,” he says. It was a place to hear things and share things. “When things did happen, they would come in and tell my mom or my grandmother to let everybody know that so-and-so had their baby. That was a big way of spreading the news.” Through the door to the right, farmers and other visitors held court in a seating area. A large glass and wooden counter made an L-shape through the room. A display case of cigars sat on the top. The counter stretched to the back of the store. It ended near the display of cigarettes and the cash register at a workspace for Reba. She kept a collection of receipt books, a customer’s name written on each. “That was my mother’s bookkeeping system; it kept track of what everybody bought and what they owed.” In Burfordville, Cave in Rock, River aux Vasses, Oscar, Goreville, Camp Grove and Cairo, the stores were easy to find. They were all unique except for one commonality: In every store, it was hard to miss the profoundly sad evidence that they were losing ground to the march of progress. Not much left Standing in the front yard of his home on Poplar Street in Cairo, Cornell McGoy remembers when the town at the very southern tip of the state had a market on nearly every corner. Today there isn’t a single grocery business in the city. “I’ve been living in this area, oh, off and on ever since I was born, and I’ve seen a lot of things come and go. Like Frankie’s across the street over here, Booker’s down on that corner, Arthur Bee’s on 24th Street, the Chat and Chew on 23rd …. “Our man Frankie was one of the best people you had in the neighborhood,” he says. Just across the street from McGoy’s home is where Frankie Kol operated a market and variety store. Between clumps of overgrown weeds you can see bricks from the old building strewn about the empty lot. “He let people have food on credit.” Visual timeline That might have been the biggest thing going for the independently owned stores, and it set them apart from the extremely competitive chain stores. “Yeah, maybe there wasn’t the variety that there is in the Walmart, but I wager you’ll never feel the same way walking into a Walmart that you would’ve felt walking into one of these stores. You’ll never have the same personal relationships with the people there either,” says Gary Kolb. Kolb is a retired dean of the College of Comunications at Southern Illinois University Carbondale and was a photography instructor in 1982. He was my adviser when I began photographing the stores, and I recently asked him to take another look at the project and some of the new pictures. “I used to tell students in my basic photography classes, ‘Do you want to make an interesting photograph? OK, take any photograph and put it in a drawer for 50 years, then take it out. I guarantee it will be interesting,’ ” Kolb says. “If it has people in it and if it has cars in it, if it has mode of dress in it, hairstyles in it, it’ll be even more interesting.” Photography has a unique relationship to time, he says; no other medium can describe time in precisely the same way. A photograph captures a moment and preserves it. Photographs and their relationship to history are based on a firm set of facts established the second the image is recorded, Kolb says, and yet when time intervenes, they are re-interpreted as new contexts are added to them. What makes a picture transcend a simple record of facts is the emotional and psychological response it can trigger, perhaps not at the time it was made, but only years later it becomes poignant, Kolb adds. A place like this Not one of the grocery stores I photographed in 1982 is still in business. Some of the buildings are there, but an Italian restaurant, attorney’s office or a computer repair shop now occupy the spaces that once offered kitchen staples. In some places, there is scant existed. An exception is McCormick’s Grocery and General Store on Illinois 242, south of Wayne City near Interstate 64. It’s been closed for 22 years, but the day to clear it out has not yet arrived. The grocery products are long gone from the shelves, but the shelves are still there. So is the wood counter in front of them, a pay phone on the wall and the candy case. On the back wall, the steps still lead up to the kitchen of the house where Walter and Wanda McCormick lived while they ran the business for 34 years. Walter died in 1994 and the store was closed a few months later; Wanda still lives in the house. “For a kid to grow up in a place like this was interesting, educational at times,” says Shaun Stone, who was 4 years old when I took a picture of him on his grandfather’s lap. Shaun spent a lot of days hanging out with his grandfather. “I remember sitting on the counter, talking to Grandpa, always watching TV, always eating a Snickers bar and drinking a Coke.” He watched cartoons when he was young, but later it was often horse races. That was one of Walter’s passions that he shared with Shaun. People would come in to pick up a few items, say hello and leave. Others stayed for hours, sitting around a wood-burning stove. “We always had a TV on. People would watch some of the baseball games; they’d catch a few innings then leave. It was a good place for a lot of community gossip. Sometimes the sheriff would show up and have a coffee and talk about what was going on in the area, if there was anything bad going on, what have you. Everybody was pretty much there all the time, you never knew who was going to show up, really.” “My grandfather was not a very wealthy man but was rich in experience, and he knew how to manage his money to get to where he needed to be. He was very rich in knowledge because of all the people he met through that store,” Stone says. Human connections Rich in experience, indeed. Mom and pop didn’t just sell things in cans and boxes; their most valuable commodity was free. They were the place to make a human connection, where people met face-to-face to share joys and concerns, to give or get advice. They were community before it went online. I’ve always thought that it’s the little, everyday things around us that say more about who we are than epic, world-changing events. The things we take for granted are often the very things we miss most when they’re gone. The idea that our perspective changes as we move along a timeline and then look backward fascinates me, and I think Gary Kolb was right. I took these pictures and then put them in a box, and 34 years later, they’re more interesting to me. And I miss mom and pop. Contact Rich Saal: rich.saal@sj-r.com, 788-1475, twitter.com/@richsaal. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Weather × Top Stories News you need to know for Sunday, November 13 Source Lunch with ... Andre Knott These companies are cruising in the fast lane Crain's 52 Two Flats classics set to be remodeled Trump's trade talk is big concern to Northeast Ohio businesses Ohio hopes to close loop on growing legal cannabis industry Vet giving pets a holistic touch Jones Day leads development of system to connect veterans with pro bono attorneys Clinic attempting to fill need with Avon opening Fat Head's is doubling size of Middleburg Heights spot Who To Watch In Law 2016 × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Events Crain's Events Nominate Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Who to Watch: Law Eight Over 80 Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron RNC in CLE Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Health Care Who to watch: Marketing Cleveland's lake and river love Crain's 52 Current Issue Current issue 2016 EDITORIAL CALENDAR Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries October 16, 2016 SPONSOR CONTRIBUTED FAMILY BUSINESS FORUM: Event brings together current and future leaders of top NEO family companies Email Print By JENNIFER KEIRN SHARE × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Photo by MCKINLEY WILEY Crain's Family Business Forum keynote speaker John Kahl of ShurTech Brands Panelists Melissa Register, Fifth Third Bank; Roy Messing, Ohio Employee Ownership Center; Richard Perry, Pinkney-Perry Insurance Agency Before retiring from the family business Manco, now ShurTech, Jack Kahl left his son John a framed photograph of Neil Armstrong stepping onto the surface of the moon. It’s the photo the elder Kahl pointed to in 1997 when Wal-Mart buyers requested camouflage-printed Duck Tape and Manco executives were puzzling over how to make it happen. “He said, ‘if we can put a man on the moon, we can make camo Duck Tape,’” John Kahl recounted to the nearly 200 attendees of the recent Crain’s Family Business Forum, adding that the photo still hangs on his office wall as a reminder of the family’s core principle of perseverance. As keynote speaker of the forum, Kahl shared his family business’s story, which started with his father’s purchase of a small industrial tape distributor in 1971, manufacturing the duct tape that Manco began selling as Duck Tape in 1980. Kahl joined the Manco sales department in 1985 right out of college — though he didn’t plan to stick around long — and two years later found himself as national sales manager before he felt ready. “Many times there’s not someone ready [to advance], but do it anyway,” he advised the family business leaders in attendance. “Don’t stand around until you think you are capable. Push the company along.” Kahl then recounted the company’s journey through three challenging transitions. In 1998, the family chose to sell the business to the German adhesives giant The Henkel Group, though the Kahls retained leadership. In 2000, Jack retired and John stepped into the CEO’s office. Then the company was sold again to North Carolina-based Shurtape Technologies, also a family business, in 2009, to become ShurTech Brands. “We learned a ton,” Kahl reflected. “I found out I measured up pretty well against the world.” Kahl pointed out to attendees a number of common mistakes that family businesses make, like failing to maintain communication with employees outside the family. “Communicate everything,” he said. “If they know the score of the game, they’ll be more likely to help you win.” Also common, he said, is a bottleneck at the top: “The scourge of a family business is everything running through two or three people. It slows everything down.” Kahl’s keynote address at the Crain’s Family Business Form was followed by a day of educational panels for family business leaders ranging from succession planning — from both the next and current generations’ perspectives — to finding the right support team and preserving family relationships in the business. The most important element to successful succession planning, the panelists agreed, is to start preparing early: panelist Keven Prather of Skylight Financial Group recounted his experience of flying to Florida to finish a succession plan for an ailing family business owner, who died just hours later. Chris Goebel, former president of his family business Lakefront Lines, now consults with other family businesses on succession planning and emphasized the importance of clearly defining the family’s goals and objectives. Concurrent to that discussion focused on current-generation owners was a panel of next-generation owners including Kristin Chapman of fifth-generation Chapman and Chapman, Lauren Good of Technology House and Sarah Zimmerman of residential real estate developer Gross Builders. It was notable that all panelists were women, highlighting a trend toward increasingly selecting daughters as the next generation of family businesses. They agreed that having a parent who’s supportive but not micro-managing is key to smooth succession. Another panel tackled the difficult relationship issues that arise in family businesses. Consultant and researcher Kathy Overbeke shared her perspectives from working with clients going through such challenges, helping them create individual vision statements then working together toward a family mission statement, while family business leaders like Alan Gillmore of Gillmore Security and Michelle Stein Hirsch of Brunswick Companies shared their experiences of striking work-family balance. Lastly, a panel of experts including Roy Messing of the Ohio Employee Ownership Center and Richard Perry of Pinkney-Perry Insurance Agency discussed the importance of assembling a support team around a family business that can address such issues as wealth planning, succession, tax implications and insurance. A critical part of that support team, agreed the panelists, must also be a board of directors or advisory council that can provide outside perspectives. Panelist Melissa Register of Fifth Third Bank said that at times family businesses would even benefit from having a family counselor. The event wrapped up with a luncheon open only to family business leaders, who gathered for tabletop discussions moderated by Linda Bluso of the Adaptive Knowledge Institute on their biggest succession planning concerns, the strengths of their current- and next-generation leaders and their most valuable takeaway points of the event. Click HERE for a hoto gallery from the event. ***** To read more family business news, go HERE to check out Family Company magazine and its stories, presented by Ahola, and produced by Crain Content Studio - Cleveland. About Custom Media The stories on this page were created by Crain's Custom Media, the custom publishing subsidiary of Crain's Cleveland Business. The stories are commissioned by sponsors and/or clients, who control the content. Email Crain's Custom Media » Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Events Crain's Events Nominate Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Who to Watch: Law Eight Over 80 Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron RNC in CLE Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Health Care Who to watch: Marketing Cleveland's lake and river love Crain's 52 Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Crain Content Studio Crain Content Studio — Cleveland Cleveland's Pulse Giving Guide HR: Resources, Growth and Performance Connect Contact us Customer service Subscription services Advertise Reprints Classifieds Email newsletters Send letters to the editor Crain's Cleveland Business Staff People on the Move This Week's Issue November 13, 2016 Copyright © 2016 Crain Communications, Inc.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, November 13, 2016, 9:36 p.m. Home / Teacher promotes wreath-laying ceremony to honor veterans By Syd Hayman This article was published October 16, 2016 at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY WILLIAM HARVEY Angela Beason, a Cabot High School math teacher, volunteers her time with Wreaths Across America, a national movement to place a wreath at headstones at veterans cemeteries on Dec. 17 each year. With the support of the nonprofit Arkansas Run for the Fallen, Beason saw 181 wreaths placed at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery in 2014 and 4,000 placed the following year. Two years ago, while attending a Wreaths Across America wreath-laying ceremony at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery in North Little Rock, a Gold Star mother leaned over toward Angela Beason and asked, “Do you think there’s going to be one for my son’s grave?” Beason, a Cabot High School math teacher, eyed the 181 green wreaths topped with red bows with uncertainty regarding whether the Gold Star mother — a parent who had lost a child in the armed forces — would see her son’s grave marked with the symbol of remembrance. Luckily, a wreath was placed on her son’s grave, but because of a shortage of wreaths, other families did not see the same take place for their loved ones. Wreaths Across America is a movement to remember those lost in service by placing a wreath at their headstones each year. National Wreaths Across America Day is Dec. 17. “When you get there, you’re standing next to a family, and there’s not enough wreaths for those families. It was heartbreaking,” said Beason, whose husband, Bubba Beason, retired from the Air Force on Oct. 1. “That really kind of spurred me on. So last year, I made it a point: ‘We are going to do better.’” Last year, through involvement with the nonprofit Arkansas Run for the Fallen, Angela Beason campaigned to generate donors with the goal of having a wreath placed on every headstone in the cemetery each year. At the 2015 ceremony, 4,000 wreathes were provided — 3,819 more than the number placed at the 2014 ceremony. “It was amazing. It was a beautiful ceremony,” Angela said. “Families were really touched that people would remember.” Bubba said Wreaths Across America means “never forget.” “It’s always a way to remember a veteran and sacrifice to maintain our freedom that we hold so dearly,” he said. Wreaths Across America grew out of the Arlington Wreath Project, which began in 1992 when Morrill Worcester, owner of Worcester Wreath Co. in Maine, took excess wreaths produced by the company and traveled each year to place them at headstones at the Arlington National Cemetery. In 2005, the once-nameless gesture — inspired by a childhood trip Worcester took to Washington, D.C. — garnered more attention after a photo of the wreaths made its rounds on the internet, and Worcester’s effort later became known as the Arlington Wreath Project. Angela, a Warner Robins, Georgia, native, met her husband, Bubba, an Arkansas native, while he was stationed at the base in her hometown. The couple moved to the Little Rock Air Force Base in 1998, then were stationed in New Jersey from 2006-2010. Angela and Bubba now live in Beebe with their children, Christopher, a 10th-grader at Cabot High School, and Alyson, a fourth-grader at Eastside Elementary School. In 2007, Bubba met a Gold Star mother at a veterans memorial event in White Sands, New Mexico, and didn’t know at the time what a Gold Star mother was. Angela said that after that experience, her family increased involvement in honoring the fallen and Gold Star families, and she then became involved in Wreaths Across America. While in New Jersey, Bubba started the New Jersey Run for the Fallen, and when the family returned to Arkansas in 2011 — they had previously moved to the Little Rock Air Force Base in 1998 — he began the Arkansas Run for the Fallen, which hosts a 146-mile run in honor of every Arkansan service member who has died while serving since 9/11. “We’ve just gotten to know Gold Star families here in Arkansas, and we have a traveling memorial that’s set up in communities around the state and just try to do things throughout the year to support them,” Angela said. Bubba has been deployed to Iraq, Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia and Spain. His longest deployment was a year-long assignment to Afghanistan in 2010. “We’ve been through all that as a military family,” Angela said. “We’re looking forward to the next part of our lives with him home.” One challenge of Wreaths Across America in central Arkansas is lack of corporate sponsorship for the project, she said, so organizations and individuals must work to ensure that a wreath is provided for each headstone. The cost to sponsor a wreath is $15. “Wal-Mart is a corporate sponsor that completely covers the Fayetteville National Cemetery,” Angela said. “There are 9,000 veterans buried there, and Wal-Mart covers every single one, makes sure they’re honored. There’s no corporate sponsors here in North Little Rock. Everything is by individuals or groups of organizations.” Angela said all headstones at the Fayetteville National Cemetery and the Fort Smith National Cemetery are covered and that the Arlington National Cemetery has been completely covered for the past two years. “Little Rock and North Little Rock really need some help to get people involved,” she said. It would take 5,000 wreaths to cover the entire cemetery, Angela said, and as of Tuesday, 640 had been sponsored. Families can also purchase their own wreaths and place them on the headstones, if they’d like. Outside of Wreaths Across America, Arkansas Run for the Fallen has also presented scholarships and sponsored camps for the children of fallen service members, along with hosting family days and sibling days for the loved ones of those lost in service to their country. “We just try to do things throughout the year to continue to remember them and honor them and to make sure that their memory isn’t forgotten,” Angela said. Bubba said there are very few people who do things from the heart, and Angela is one of them. “She really takes it to heart, and they say one person with passion can accomplish more than 40 people with just an interest,” he said. “It’s in her heart, and I’m honored to call her my wife for what she does with that.” This year’s Wreaths Across America theme is “Say Their Names,” and Angela said the December ceremony is a great learning experience for children. Servicemen such as Milton Crenshaw, who was a Tuskegee Airman in the 1940s and the first black man to have a pilot license, and Loren Buffalo, who was killed in Afghanistan at age 20 in 2011, are buried at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery. Angela said all the buried veterans have stories that need to be remembered. “Education is important to me, so the education piece of it is very important,” she said. “My kids go to a lot of military ceremonies, and they sit, and they listen, and they don’t get to do a whole lot. But this, they actually get to get something and go place it on a headstone of a veteran and say the name and write down the name and go learn about that person.” Angela, who is now in her 14th year of teaching at Cabot, said she is glad her family settled in the Beebe-Cabot area when they moved back to Arkansas. “I knew I had the support here in this community,” she said. “I knew this is where I wanted my kids to be. Cabot does a lot for veteran kids and military kids. It was just good to be back here and have that kind of support. Angela said there are many ways residents can support their veteran community. “If you have a neighbor who is deployed or serving, see if there is something you can do to help out,” she said. “Take them a meal, or offer to watch the kids for the wife to have an evening out with her friends or something like that. If there is a ceremony for Memorial Day or Veterans Day, go and take your children. In the classroom, we can invite more veterans to speak so the kids can learn their stories.” At this year’s Wreaths Across America ceremony, Angela hopes attendees will take away a veteran’s name, she said. “It’s important to realize that these are families, and these are people who served and sacrificed for us, whether it was that they gave their life then or they came home and lived a productive life and then died later,” Angela said. “They still took time away from their family to serve. Just remember that freedom has a price; it’s definitely not free. I hope that people walk away feeling good about our country, good about the people who have served.” The deadline to purchase a wreath is Nov. 28. For more information, visit www.wreathsacrossamerica.org or www.arkansasrunforthefallen.org. Staff writer Syd Hayman can be reached at (501) 244-4307 or shayman@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Rock-a-buy for baby in all the shops Race to raise money for women’s conference Live surgery gives students hands-on medical ... Peter Pan and Wendy takes flight at Searcy H... Teacher promotes wreath-laying ceremony to ho... Augusta running back focused on future COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA Italian-inspired recipe proves robust food ca... New president leads effort to aid youth Comments on: Teacher promotes wreath-laying ceremony to honor veterans To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump protests continue (21 comments) It's the culture, stupid (28 comments) Demographics doom Clinton in Arkansas (18 comments) Election unrest hits state schools (34 comments) Trump said to adjust stance on health law (11 comments) Trump names GOP Chairman Priebus chief of staff; Bannon to be chief strategist (3 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Tax havens The Observer As Donald Trump made clear, smart businesses know only idiots pay tax The revelation that the US presidential candidate paid no federal taxes for 18 years will come as no surprise to the global corporations who funnel billions through tax havens Donald Trump said that not paying taxes ‘made him smart’. Photograph: Patrick Semansky/AP Luke Harding Sunday 16 October 2016 01.00 EDT Last modified on Sunday 16 October 2016 01.11 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger It was one of the highlights of an unedifying US presidential race. The subject: Donald Trump’s tax returns. Hammered by Hillary Clinton over the disclosure that he’d paid no federal tax, possibly for 18 years, Trump was unable to restrain himself. There was no apology. That would have been out of character. Instead, the Republican nominee blurted out four words: “That makes me smart.” For once Trump – serial liar and alleged serial groper – had inadvertently revealed a great truth. Offshore secrets of Brexit backer Arron Banks revealed in Panama Papers Read more In the 21st century those who dutifully pay taxes are dupes. We are the losers in a modern game in which only “smart people”, as Trump indelicately put it, know the rules. In fact, the rich and powerful quietly exited from the business of paying tax a long time ago. The evidence is all around. A new study of America’s leading Fortune 500 companies reveals that 367 of them – some 73% – have at least one or more subsidiaries in tax havens. Some have hundreds. This allows them to legally ship profits offshore. In Britain, meanwhile, it emerged that eBay paid just £1.1m in tax last year, despite telling US investors that the UK was its second largest market, generating revenues of £1.1bn. The cash originating in the UK flows to a parent company in Switzerland. The mind-boggling scale of the problem is laid bare in a slew of books and reports that reveal the way in which multinational companies have excused themselves from paying vast amounts of tax. The companies are a who’s who of global brands: Apple, Nike, Google, Pepsi, Pfizer, Walmart, Goldman Sachs, and practically every other multinational in business. The detail can be complicated, but the method is simple – and legal. Companies set up subsidiaries in low or no-tax jurisdictions. These subsidiaries then charge the onshore parent for services or intellectual property or whatever, with the profits then funnelled legally offshore. US companies are only obliged to pay tax when they bring the money back. Which they don’t. The study of America’s Fortune 500 companies shows that they collectively avoid an estimated $100bn in federal taxes each year. The most popular tax haven is the Netherlands. Bermuda and the Cayman Islands are not far behind. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tim Cook said the EU ruling that Apple had to pay $14.5bn in back taxes to Ireland was ‘political crap’. Photograph: Toru Hanai/Reuters The worst offender is Apple. It has booked $214.9bn offshore, a sum greater than any other company’s offshore cash pile. If these profits were held in the US they would incur $65.4bn in tax. The European Commission recently ordered Apple to pay Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes; its Irish subsidiaries were paying an effective tax rate of 0.005%. Apple’s chief executive, Tim Cook, dismissed the ruling as “political crap”. As a result it is ordinary taxpayers who have to pick up the tab. Last year George Osborne introduced a “diverted profit tax” aimed at large companies that shift income artificially offshore. It’s unclear if the former chancellor’s initiative will work. Last weekend the Observer reported that Facebook had ended up with an £11.3m tax credit on its UK business. This is a company that made a global profit last year of $6.19bn. The new books include a page-turning account of the investigation into the Panama Papers. And an enterprising account of the wealth management industry by a writer who spent two years undercover as a trainee. Published last April, the Panama Papers were the fruits of a thrilling journalistic investigation. The papers – some 11.5m leaked documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca – give an unprecedented insight into the offshore world. They expose something obvious, previously hidden in plain sight. Namely that the global offshore industry – centred in tax havens such as the British Virgin Islands – was not, as had been thought, a shadowy but minor part of our economic system. Rather it was the system. It is this system that has allowed the burden of taxation to move inexorably from multinational corporations and the well-off to the “unsmart”: the dupes; you and me. The journalists who unearthed this bitter truth were Bastian Obermayer and Frederik Obermaier of Germany’s Süddeutsche Zeitung. (They are not related, but their German and international colleagues fondly nickname them the “brothers Obermay/ier”.) The paper, based in Munich, has an excellent track record of working on difficult and important investigations. Reporters often get offered information, stuff. I know from previous investigations that this often turns out to be disappointing. As Obermayer recounts, in early 2015, late one evening, he received an anonymous message. It said: “Hello. John Doe here. Interested in secret data?” Obermayer replied: “Always interested in secret data. What is it?” The “it” turned out to be bigger than anyone might have imagined. The source – his or her identity remains unknown – had got hold of Mossack Fonseca’s entire internal database. The legal practice was founded in 1977 by an ambitious Panamanian lawyer and the son of a Waffen SS officer. It specialised in setting up anonymous offshore shell companies. The source’s motivation was simple. Like Edward Snowden, who lifted the lid on mass electronic surveillance, John Doe was a whistleblower. He/she wanted to expose the scale of injustice of the offshore tax system. Mossack Fonseca denies any wrongdoing. The leak was an act of bravery and amounted to the biggest data dump ever, delivered in real-time instalments. We got a whopping 2.6 terabytes. This was far larger than the top-secret Snowden files or the diplomatic cables leaked in 2010 by an unhappy US army private, Chelsea Manning, which revealed Washington’s frank views of its global friends and enemies. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Leaked database from the Mossack Fonseca law firm in Panama revealed the extent of the use of offshore shell companies. Photograph: Carlos Jasso/Reuters The Panama Papers include records of 214,000 offshore companies, names of real or “beneficial” owners, and passport scans. There are bank statements, electricity bills and email chains. Often these are between Mossack Fonseca’s head office in Panama and “intermediaries”, typically other lawyers, accountants and banks. Behind them were a large and diverse group of affluent individuals. We looked, naturally enough, for politicians and those holding public office. But the majority of names in the database belonged to what you might call the non-famous international rich. There were French dentists, Spanish lawyers and Swiss aristocrats, all seeking to minimise their taxes. The leak led to a year-long international collaboration in 80 countries. Süddeutsche Zeitung shared its material with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, which is based in Washington. The ICIJ in turn gave access to the data to 100 media organisations and nearly 400 reporters. In Britain that was my newspaper the Guardian and the BBC. The journalists gave the leaked files a name. The Panama Papers was a conscious echo of the Pentagon Papers: volumes of secret documents leaked in 1971 by Daniel Ellsberg which revealed the true US war in Vietnam. Ellsberg swiped a mere 7,000 pages. We had enough reading material to last us about 25 years. I found myself back in the Guardian’s investigations “bunker”. (Actually, it had a bucolic view of Regent’s canal in London: houseboats, joggers, coots.) In 2013 I’d been part of a small group which had studied the Snowden files here. We speculated at the time that MI6 had taken up residence in the flats opposite. This project was different. By means of a secure platform, called the iHub, journalists were encouraged not to compete with each other but to share information and to swap leads and tips. We did, in a flurry of encrypted emails. There were clandestine reporter meetings in Washington, Munich, and London. Early on we looked for Trump. Perhaps the database would point us towards his alleged secret fortune? It didn’t. I did dig up a Russian businessman escaping from Moscow who wanted to buy an apartment in the Trump Ocean Club tower in Panama City. (The agent knocked off $200,000, offering the Trump penthouse for a bargain price of $2.31m.) Other themes gradually became clear. Britain, it turned out, didn’t just feature via UK Crown dependencies like Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man. Rather, it was the heart of the Mossack Fonseca multiverse. True, many of those diverting funds offshore were located in far-away kleptocracies: Russian oligarchs, African despots, and bagmen for Syria’s murderer-president Bashar al-Assad. But it was British lawyers, banks and company formation agents that were facilitating this global tax avoidance. Often, the enablers were top London law firms. Their websites look eminently respectable: a view of Georgian stucco, offices in exclusive postcodes, a smart Farrow and Ball front door with neatly topiaried trees. Britain didn’t just feature via UK Crown dependencies. Rather, it was the heart of the rotten Mossack Fonseca multiverse The leaked documents told a different story. Sometimes, the lawyers would lie about their clients’ identities and connections. Under banking regulations firms were meant to declare if a client was a politically exposed person or “PEP”. This would lead to stricter checks. The solution was to say nothing in the paperwork about a client’s PEP status. In return, big fees. There may not have been bodies on the streets of Belgravia or Knightsbridge. But it was hard to escape the dispiriting sense that the British were the biggest crooks on the planet. Behind the facade of legal piety we were enabling an orgy of transnational theft, and the looting of entire continents such as Africa. The California-based French economist Gabriel Zucman estimates that 8% of the world’s wealth – $7.6tn (£5.3tn) – is currently stashed in tax havens. Zucman puts the loss to global tax revenues at $200bn per year. That includes $35bn in the US and $78bn in Europe. What might we do instead with this money? As President Obama noted tax avoidance was a huge global problem, made worse by the fact that offshore structures are perfectly legal. Many of these havens operate under British jurisdiction. More than half of Mossack Fonseca’s companies are registered in the British Virgin Islands, a territory administered from London. The BVI has stubbornly rejected calls for greater transparency. Successive British governments have failed to act. We spent most of our bunker hours working the big names. They included David Cameron, who features indirectly, as well as a host of other colourful figures including Iceland’s prime minister and Vladimir Putin’s KGB-turned-oligarch pals. The database revealed that the offshore fund run by Cameron’s late father Ian had paid no British tax. For three decades. The fund, Blairmore Holdings Inc, had gone to absurd lengths to pretend that it was based in the Bahamas, another major tax haven. It hired a small army of Bahamas residents to sign paperwork. One of them was a part-time bishop. All of this was legal – but a pantomime designed to keep Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs at bay. In the run up to publication, slotted for 3 April, we had two worries. One, that our investigation might itself leak. Journalists are a gossipy bunch. Two, that nobody would care. After all, when the Guardian published Snowden’s revelations of state spying in 2013 most people in Britain – the land of James Bond – reacted with a weary shrug. In the end we needn’t have worried. In Iceland the prime minister resigned. In Argentina there were protests. In Azerbaijan a small war suddenly initiated – so some believed – to distract from revelations featuring the president and his daughters. In China censors blocked the words “Panama Papers” and jammed the website of the Guardian. In Russia officials fumed about a western “spy” conspiracy. Downing Street refused to answer questions about Cameron’s tax affairs, saying that they were a “private matter”. Eventually Cameron came clean: he’d owned shares in his father’s tax haven fund. He sold them for £31,500 just before becoming prime minister in 2010. Cameron was reluctant to acknowledge what was obvious: that part of his family’s fortune came from privileged offshore wealth. Facebook Twitter Pinterest More than half of the companies that appear in the Panama Papers are registered in the British Virgin Islands Photograph: Alamy Viewed in retrospect, this was the beginning of the end of Cameron. Weeks later he hosted a global anti-corruption summit in London. He announced a clampdown on offshore havens. The UK would introduce a new register that would compel foreign companies owning British property to declare their owner, thereby cleaning up London as a centre for international money-laundering. It was a start. But Cameron stopped short of compelling British overseas territories from outing the real owners of offshore firms. Without a public register the offshore industry – with its satellites of lawyers and banks – was free to carry on as before. The BVI, meanwhile, boycotted the London summit and stayed at home. The picture, then, is a lousy one. But the Panama Papers offer a few rays of hope. In recent years the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and western governments have tried to clamp down on tax evasion, mindful of the billions being lost during a time of austerity. Pressure has been growing on offshore centres to swap information. Increasingly, the Swiss and others are complying. All this has induced a degree of paranoia among Mossack Fonseca’s well-heeled clients. Emails show that the super-rich have adopted various protective strategies to stop the tax man from knocking. Some of them use fake names. We found Harry Potter, Winnie Pooh and Daniel Radcliffe. (Not the real one.) Plus Isaac Azimov, who turned out to be a tax lawyer from Barcelona. Offshore agents report that their Italian clients are going to desperate lengths to avoid being caught. When visiting Switzerland they leave the Ferrari behind and take a less conspicuous car. They also seek to cover their trail by “layering”: using a chain of offshore companies, rather than just one, to bury an asset. Still, the past six months have seen a victory of sorts for those of us, the little people, who do pay our taxes. From now on, the super-rich and other characters who use exotic offshore structures will be a nervous bunch. How long, they must be wondering, before the next leak? More news Topics Tax havens Panama Papers Tax avoidance Apple Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Tax havens Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Counter culture: Revisiting mom-and-pop stores 35 years later Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 9:23 PM Oct 16, 2016 at 9:38 AM Rich Saal Photo Editor @RichSaal Until it closed in the mid-1980s, Kommer’s Grocery was its own town, in a small way. It sat at a crossroads 10 miles north of Metropolis and drew people from the surrounding rural area for groceries and gossip — and barbed wire, too, if you needed that. Gerald Kommer hadn’t even reached his 10th birthday when his mom, Reba, would step out for errands and leave him to run the store. “My dad was always outside in the barn or in the shop working on a car. If I needed him, he was available. Honestly, I don’t hardly remember a day that I didn’t work in the store.” I photographed Gerald, his mother Reba and his grandmother Wanda in 1982, sitting in their usual spot at the back of the store. I was working on a documentary photography project, an effort to record the dozens of mom-and-pop grocery markets you could still find in southern and central Illinois, as well as parts of Missouri and Kentucky. I returned to the project this summer, curious about what had happened to these wonderful places. I didn’t assume anything, I knew most of them — and the people, too — would be gone. The idea was to create a visual timeline with two points 35 years apart. I took Gerald’s picture again in April. His mother and grandmother long passed, this time it was by himself on the site where the store had been, and he told me about growing up there. Community center “Every day there would easily be five or six or seven farmers who had been out in the field all morning long, and they would come in for lunch. They would sit in there and tell stories, talk about their crops and talk about what they were dealing with on the farm.” Aside from offering milk, bread, lunchmeat and canned goods, the store also functioned as a town square might, a place where a community came together. “You always knew what was going on, there were never any secrets,” he says. It was a place to hear things and share things. “When things did happen, they would come in and tell my mom or my grandmother to let everybody know that so-and-so had their baby. That was a big way of spreading the news.” Through the door to the right, farmers and other visitors held court in a seating area. A large glass and wooden counter made an L-shape through the room. A display case of cigars sat on the top. The counter stretched to the back of the store. It ended near the display of cigarettes and the cash register at a workspace for Reba. She kept a collection of receipt books, a customer’s name written on each. “That was my mother’s bookkeeping system; it kept track of what everybody bought and what they owed.” In Burfordville, Cave in Rock, River aux Vasses, Oscar, Goreville, Camp Grove and Cairo, the stores were easy to find. They were all unique except for one commonality: In every store, it was hard to miss the profoundly sad evidence that they were losing ground to the march of progress. Not much left Standing in the front yard of his home on Poplar Street in Cairo, Cornell McGoy remembers when the town at the very southern tip of the state had a market on nearly every corner. Today there isn’t a single grocery business in the city. “I’ve been living in this area, oh, off and on ever since I was born, and I’ve seen a lot of things come and go. Like Frankie’s across the street over here, Booker’s down on that corner, Arthur Bee’s on 24th Street, the Chat and Chew on 23rd …. “Our man Frankie was one of the best people you had in the neighborhood,” he says. Just across the street from McGoy’s home is where Frankie Kol operated a market and variety store. Between clumps of overgrown weeds you can see bricks from the old building strewn about the empty lot. “He let people have food on credit.” Visual timeline That might have been the biggest thing going for the independently owned stores, and it set them apart from the extremely competitive chain stores. “Yeah, maybe there wasn’t the variety that there is in the Walmart, but I wager you’ll never feel the same way walking into a Walmart that you would’ve felt walking into one of these stores. You’ll never have the same personal relationships with the people there either,” says Gary Kolb. Kolb is a retired dean of the College of Comunications at Southern Illinois University Carbondale and was a photography instructor in 1982. He was my adviser when I began photographing the stores, and I recently asked him to take another look at the project and some of the new pictures. “I used to tell students in my basic photography classes, ‘Do you want to make an interesting photograph? OK, take any photograph and put it in a drawer for 50 years, then take it out. I guarantee it will be interesting,’ ” Kolb says. “If it has people in it and if it has cars in it, if it has mode of dress in it, hairstyles in it, it’ll be even more interesting.” Photography has a unique relationship to time, he says; no other medium can describe time in precisely the same way. A photograph captures a moment and preserves it. Photographs and their relationship to history are based on a firm set of facts established the second the image is recorded, Kolb says, and yet when time intervenes, they are re-interpreted as new contexts are added to them. What makes a picture transcend a simple record of facts is the emotional and psychological response it can trigger, perhaps not at the time it was made, but only years later it becomes poignant, Kolb adds. A place like this Not one of the grocery stores I photographed in 1982 is still in business. Some of the buildings are there, but an Italian restaurant, attorney’s office or a computer repair shop now occupy the spaces that once offered kitchen staples. In some places, there is scant existed. An exception is McCormick’s Grocery and General Store on Illinois 242, south of Wayne City near Interstate 64. It’s been closed for 22 years, but the day to clear it out has not yet arrived. The grocery products are long gone from the shelves, but the shelves are still there. So is the wood counter in front of them, a pay phone on the wall and the candy case. On the back wall, the steps still lead up to the kitchen of the house where Walter and Wanda McCormick lived while they ran the business for 34 years. Walter died in 1994 and the store was closed a few months later; Wanda still lives in the house. “For a kid to grow up in a place like this was interesting, educational at times,” says Shaun Stone, who was 4 years old when I took a picture of him on his grandfather’s lap. Shaun spent a lot of days hanging out with his grandfather. “I remember sitting on the counter, talking to Grandpa, always watching TV, always eating a Snickers bar and drinking a Coke.” He watched cartoons when he was young, but later it was often horse races. That was one of Walter’s passions that he shared with Shaun. People would come in to pick up a few items, say hello and leave. Others stayed for hours, sitting around a wood-burning stove. “We always had a TV on. People would watch some of the baseball games; they’d catch a few innings then leave. It was a good place for a lot of community gossip. Sometimes the sheriff would show up and have a coffee and talk about what was going on in the area, if there was anything bad going on, what have you. Everybody was pretty much there all the time, you never knew who was going to show up, really.” “My grandfather was not a very wealthy man but was rich in experience, and he knew how to manage his money to get to where he needed to be. He was very rich in knowledge because of all the people he met through that store,” Stone says. Human connections Rich in experience, indeed. Mom and pop didn’t just sell things in cans and boxes; their most valuable commodity was free. They were the place to make a human connection, where people met face-to-face to share joys and concerns, to give or get advice. They were community before it went online. I’ve always thought that it’s the little, everyday things around us that say more about who we are than epic, world-changing events. The things we take for granted are often the very things we miss most when they’re gone. The idea that our perspective changes as we move along a timeline and then look backward fascinates me, and I think Gary Kolb was right. I took these pictures and then put them in a box, and 34 years later, they’re more interesting to me. And I miss mom and pop. Contact Rich Saal: rich.saal@sj-r.com, 788-1475, twitter.com/@richsaal. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Hurricane October 15, 2016 7:48 PM How much food did grocery stores and customers lose during Hurricane Matthew? With storm damage still evident in the parking lot on Saturday, shoppers at Kroger in Bluffton said the store was busier than usual, with many replenishing what had to be to be thrown away because of power outages from Hurricane Matthew. Josh Mitelman jmitelman@islandpacket.com Shoppers check out on Saturday at Piggly Wiggly on North Forest Beach Drive on Hilton Head Island. The store had to replace most of its perishable goods because of lost power from Hurricane Matthew. Josh Mitelman jmitelman@islandpacket.com Shoppers at Kroger in Bluffton on Saturday said the store seemed busier than usual, with many replenishing food that had to be thrown away because of the power outages related to Hurricane Matthew. Josh Mitelman jmitelman@islandpacket.com 1 of 3 i By Madison Hogan mhogan@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Up and down the aisles of the Walmart Supercenter on Robert Smalls Parkway in Beaufort, employees try to move quickly and stock products as customers scramble in the mad dash that is Saturday afternoon grocery shopping. Although the shelves are not nearly as bare as they were Tuesday night, there’s still a few products that were running out at 1:30 p.m. Saturday: bacon, meats, sliced cheese, cottage cheese, some brands of butter and milk, frozen pizzas and frozen vegetables. Like everyone in Beaufort County, grocery stores like Walmart are trying to get back to normal, but there’s no denying that Hurricane Matthew has caused more damage than flooding and downed trees: The storm affected local grocers and their customers. For Erica Mann, a nurse, Saturday was the first time she had ventured out to the grocery store after her family of five evacuated an hour away from Beaufort. She said she noticed that milk, butter, cheese and even salad dressing products were in low supply or completely out of stock. “I’ve never had a problem finding anything till today,” she said. Mann said she shops at Walmart weekly to feed her sons and lost at least $200 worth of food during power outages related to the storm. She said planned on stopping by the BiLo on Parris Island Gateway to get more items she needs. When the power went out at Kamri Simmons’ home in Port Royal, where her family stayed to wait out the storm, her daughter was frustrated and didn’t understand why she couldn’t watch television. But for Simmons, there was frustration elsewhere: having to throw out food that cost her somewhere between $200 and $300. She and her family fed themselves at Panda Chinese Restaurant, Red Rooster Cafe and Golden Corral in Beaufort while waiting for the power to come back on and things to return to normal. “It’s hurting me,” she said about tossing out spoiled food. “Especially since I am pregnant. ... I didn’t want to take any chances.” However, customers aren’t the only ones feeling the pain of wasted food and hard-earned money. The stores, too, had to clear their inventory of unsellable items. At the Kroger in Shelter Cove Towne Center on Hilton Head Island mid-day Saturday, the only remaining traces of the hurricane were the limit of two gallons of water per customer that checkout clerks were giving away, portable toilets outside and the bare organic frozen-foods section. Joyce Williamson, a Long Cove resident, evacuated to Atlanta and said she hated throwing away so much food that spoiled while she was gone. The Publix at Buckwalter Place in Bluffton also seemed fairly well-stocked. Bottles of water, which everyone in the county tried to get their hands on in the days leading up to the storm, was stacked up in front of the store like it had never been a depleted commodity. More than $500 worth of food — including about two weeks’ worth of frozen meals — was lost in Aurora Rios’ fridge, but she said she waited a while after the storm to go back to the grocery store because her friend warned her that most basic items, like milk and bread, were scarce. By the time the retired Marine and Savannah Tech student went to the Walmart Supercenter in Hardeeville, the only item she noticed the store was low on was bread. “Everything’s kind of getting back into a normal routine,” she said. Despite losing so much, Rios said her family didn’t have any other damage from the storm to deal with — unlike her neighbor, who had a tree fall on their house and their car. “It could have been a lot worse,” she said. The Island Packet and The Beaufort Gazette could not reach corporate representatives of Walmart, Publix and Kroger on Saturday. Madison Hogan: 843-706-8137, @MadisonHogan Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Hurricane Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:23 Taste of Waddell — Mariculture Center's major fundraiser Pause 0:58 Slurpin' 'em down at Hilton Head Oyster Festival 0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours 1:28 Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 1:02 How to shuck an oyster 0:35 Aerial view of Harbour Town's Yacht Basin, 18th green 2:44 Spades strike history in Galilee 1:11 Holy Trinity's Feed the Need effort to help the hurricane victims in Haiti 1:18 Pregnant woman takes 'extra' precautions against Zika Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Come fly a kite with us! (Here's how) 1:28 3 days ago Come fly a kite with us! (Here's how) 2:49 9 days ago Beaufort County schools change Hurricane Matthew makeup days, again 4:56 10 days ago 'This was my house': Some Palmetto Bay Marina boat owners now homeless View more video Looking for this? Live traffic cameras Latest BCDC arrests New! Property transfers HS football scores Restaurant inspections NEW! Puzzles & Games Local/state salaries HHI's best 18 golf holes 2016 election news BCSD bus routes SPORTS: Tap an icon, or here for more scores: High school | College | NFL PGA | LPGA | Web.com | European | Champions Click/tap here for print-style late scores Looking for box scores and other late results in print format? We've got you covered if you're looking for box scores and other late sports results that missed the printed newspaper because of early deadlines. One option is to click the icons above for sports scores and stats from our partners at Stats.com. If you prefer traditional print agate, our Sports Extra pages, formatted like traditional printed sports results, are for you. To find the Sports Extra: Open either The Island Packet or The Beaufort Gazette e-Edition (free to print and digital subscribers) and look for the Sports Extra icon () in the top menu. If you're using an iPhone or other smartphone, or an iPad in portrait view, you'll find the Sports Extra pages in the menu at the upper right (look for the symbol). Close Hurricane What we know about Hilton Head, a month after Matthew How will Hilton Head cover estimated $55 million in Hurricane Matthew bills? Find out where you can harvest shellfish in Beaufort County after Hurricane Matthew Beaufort County to remove debris from many private communities. Is yours one of them? Hilton Head beach renourishment moving forward after Matthew Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV “Tour of Colorado” pro cycling race set for… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Today’s forecast Tax for miles driven Texas luxury bunkers Anti-Trump protests Broncos need Adam Gotsis Photos: Anti-Trump protest Sports Cycling “Tour of Colorado” pro cycling race set for August 2017 Race will take place from Aug. 10-13, while the Commonwealth Cycling Classic will be Aug. 24-27 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Helen H. Richardson, The Denver Post Professional cyclists ride in Denver during Stage 7 of the USA Pro Challenge on Aug. 23, 2015. By Daniel Petty | dpetty@denverpost.com PUBLISHED: October 17, 2016 at 6:22 pm | UPDATED: October 19, 2016 at 4:13 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular CDOT to test the idea of taxing drivers by the mile instead of at the pump Everything you need to know to enjoy the supermoon Sunday night Donald Trump’s support from blue-collar Colorado voters led to upset in a Democratic stronghold After claiming she was groped, Taylor Swift struggled over whether to seek charges against man Lead grows more for Denver’s social marijuana use measure, but 47,000 ballots still not counted Schools report racist incidents in wake of Donald Trump election Cyclists who raced in the USA Pro Challenge often referred to the event among themselves as the “Tour of Colorado,” shunning the longer name for one that better captured the essence of the race. Now, just months after the collapse of the Pro Challenge, professional cycling is back in the state, potentially under that very name. The four-day “Tour of Colorado stage” race is set for Aug. 10-13, 2017, according to the race calendar released by the Union Cycliste Internationale, the world governing body for cycling. It’ll be part of the UCI Americas Tour, as will the Commonwealth Cycling Classic to be held Aug. 24-27 in Richmond, Va. For now, the race’s name is a placeholder on the UCI calendar. In 2005, Andy Bohlmann registered the trade name “Tour of Colorado” to his Colorado Springs company Sand Creek Sports, Inc. Bohlmann, the former technical director of the U.S. Cycling Federation (what is now USA Cycling), confirmed he has had conversations with the investment group behind the event about selling or leasing the name and its intellectual property. From 2008-2012, the “Tour of Colorado” was a series of races in Colorado that awarded jerseys to overall winners based on their performance in the events. “We really need a bicycle race in Colorado, with our (state) name, our (state) logo and our flag,” Bohlmann said. “I’m closing out my bike racing career, and I would love to have this as my last thing with bicycle racing.” The Pro Challenge was a week-long race, as are many of the more traditional stage races in Europe and the United States, such as the Tour of California and the Tour of Utah. “I think you start where you know you can sustain the race,” said Jonathan Vaughters, manager of the Boulder-based Cannondale-Drapac pro team. “Then, if it grows because the support is there to grow, you can do that later.” Related Articles September 20, 2016 Garts, Waltons want to replace USA Pro Challenge with race series, festival August 18, 2016 USA Pro Challenge replacement in the works for 2017 August 13, 2016 Pro cyclists in Leadville lament the loss of the USA Pro Challenge August 2, 2016 USA Pro Challenge dies with departure of race chief Shawn Hunter February 12, 2016 USA Pro Challenge won’t race in 2016 Colorado’s proximity to Utah’s race — which will end four days before the start of Colorado — should make attracting high-profile teams easier. UCI lists the event as a 2.HC stage race, meaning that WorldTour teams — the sport’s top squads, which are required to race in WorldTour competitions such as the Tour de France — will be present. No more than 65 percent of the teams may be WorldTour, and the squads will also include a mix of professional continental, continental and national teams. The Richmond race is a stage below, a 2.1 on UCI’s scale, which can include no more than 50 percent WorldTour teams and a mix of pro continental, continental and national teams. The USA Pro Challenge collapsed in the aftermath of its September 2015 race when founders Rick and Richard Schaden gave up control just weeks after the fifth edition of the event concluded. Professional cycling has for years struggled for viability in the United States, where it is largely supported by backers with deep pockets. The Tour of California, for instance, which just bumped up to a WorldTour level event, is funded by Denver billionaire Philip Anschutz. Colorado’s event is being funded by RPM Events Group, a group of investors that includes Denver’s Gart family; Liberty Global; David Koff, a partner at InterMedia Partners investment fund and a past Liberty Media executive; and Denver philanthropist Ben Walton, a grandson to Walmart founder Sam Walton. Ken Gart, chairman of RPM, has said that the event will go beyond a pro race and include national musical acts, a festival, athlete interaction, mass-participation events and so-called “spoke events,” which could include a mountain stage or a hill climb as an offshoot of the main competition. The group is trying to contain costs in two ways: by involving public participation, sure to be attractive in an area where recreational cycling is so popular; and by keeping the event close to Denver in an effort to tamp down on the massive costs associated with moving a stage race from town-to-town through the mountains, as the Pro Challenge did. Updated Oct. 18, 2016, at 12:25 p.m. This story has been updated to reflect the ownership of the Tour of Colorado trade name and clarify the name of the event. Tags:  Ken Gart,  Tour of Colorado,  USA Pro Challenge Daniel Petty Senior Editor for the Now team at The Denver Post, leading a team focused on breaking and trending stories. He was previously director of audience development, digital director of sports and social media editor. In addition to editing duties, Petty photographs and writes stories, usually about sports. Outside of work, he enjoys running, cycling, snowboarding and hiking. Follow Daniel Petty danielpetty Follow Daniel Petty @danielpetty Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Cycling Eagle County commissioner candidates all support allowing e-bikes on Eagle Valley Trail November 03, 2016, 10:06 am EAGLE COUNTY — All four candidates running for county commissioner say they support updating the county’s rules to allow e-bikes on the Eagle Valley Trail. State patrol seeks public’s help solving hit-and-run of Boulder cyclist November 02, 2016, 9:21 am The Colorado State Patrol is seeking information from the public regarding a hit-and-run crash Saturday afternoon that injured a cyclist. Police, BLM again investigating mountain bike trail sabotage, this time in Eagle October 21, 2016, 4:51 pm Just before hundreds of young athletes descend on Eagle for the Colorado High School Mountain Bike League State Championships on Sunday, local riders have found a popular mountain bike trail sabotaged with spikes. 2017 Tour de France will scale all of country’s mountains October 18, 2016, 8:45 am For the first time in 25 years, all five mountain ranges of continental France will feature in next year’s Tour de France, in a stretched-out endurance test of racing that smiles on the climbing strengths of defending champion Chris Froome and his Colombian rival, Nairo Quintana. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad How to make a UFO of your own: Drone with 1,000 watt LED light can turn night into day at the touch of a button Filmmaker updated a DIY flashlight that was deemed 'world's brightest' Daniel Riley swapped the eBay LEDs with Yuji high CRI LED chips He placed the unit on a Freefly Alta drone for an extraordinary light show  The lights runs on two batteries for about 10 minutes with a single charge By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 19:04 EST, 17 October 2016 | Updated: 19:17 EST, 17 October 2016 e-mail 14 shares 3 View comments It could be mistaken for a hovering UFO, but this DIY flashlight consists of ten separate 100-watt LEDs mounted on a Freefly Alta drone. Daniel Riley of Stratus Productions designed 'the world's brightest flashlight' last year and recently updated the creation with new lights that are much more accurate and brighter. The filmmaker replaced the cheap eBay LEDs with Yuji high CRI LED chips, which illuminates the night sky with a flying spotlight. Scroll down for videos  Daniel Riley designed 'the world's brightest flashlight' last year and recently updated by replacing the cheap eBay LEDs with Yuji high CRI LED chips, which are bright enough to light up the sky in the dead of night HOW WAS IT MADE?  Riley's original creation was awarded the title of 'world's brightest flashlight' in 2015 by the Guinness Book of World Records. The design is an ultra-powerful 1000W light that puts out a whopping 900000 lumens. Recently, he replaced the cheap eBay LEDs with Yuji high CRI LED chips, which are bright enough to light up the sky in the dead of night. The system was also attached to a Freefly Alta octocopter. Riley's creation is powered by two batteries that can run for about 10 minutes on a single charge. Riley's original creation was awarded the title of 'world's brightest flashlight' in 2015 by the Guinness Book of World Records. The design is an ultra-powerful 1000W light that puts out a whopping 900000 lumens, reports Peta Pixel. It weighs just 10 pounds and uses a giant heat sink for dissipating the heat from the lights – the light system is powered with two batteries and runs for about 10 minutes on a single charge. But recently the filmmaker has had his eyes on the sky and decided to make some changes to the 'flashlight'. 'While I was building the 1000 watt LED light bar a little over a year ago I never imagined it would be flying on a drone,' Riley said in a recent YouTube video. 'But then I went to free flight systems and got my hands on an Alta and realized it would be pretty easy to setup for aerial use.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The secret to splitting an Oreo: Researchers create robot... Share this article Share And now the 10-pound rig makes one big bright light in the night sky. 'I attached some landing gear to it and installed the server to switch it on and off,' says Riley. 'I also replaced the cheap eBay LEDs with Yuji high CRI LED chips that have extremely accurate color and are brighter than the previous chips.' 'To power the light I attached a 6S 8-amp-hour lithium-polymer batteries above the two 6S 10-hour flight patterns.' 'With this setup the Alta and the light can both run for about 10 minutes.' The design is an ultra-powerful 1000W light that puts out a whopping 900000 lumens. The design weighs just 10 pounds and used a giant heat sink for dissipating the heat from the lights – the light system is powered by two batteries that can run for about 10 minutes Riley attached some landing gear to the drone and installed the server to switch it on and off. To power the light, he added two 6S 8-amp-hour lithium-polymer batteries above the two 6S 10-hour flight patterns He continues to explain that the Alta drone was the perfect choice for this project, as it already has bright navigation LEDs on each arm.  Users can also change the colours with the drone's accompanied app via a smartphone. 'The synapse flight controller is super predictable and reliable this means the Alta is super easy to fly at night especially well in GPS mode,' says Riley. The five minute clip ends with some of footage Riley shot while testing the drone.Viewers are presented with an almost pitch black screen and in just a few seconds, you can see the extraordinary light of the copter creeping into the frame 'I've been shooting with this LED on the Alta for the last couple months.' The five minute clip ends with some of footage that Riley shot while testing teh drone. Viewers are presented with an almost pitch black screen and in just a few seconds, you can see the extraordinary light of the copter creeping into the frame. As more and more drones take to the sky, more pilots are worrying about possibly colliding with the aerial vehicles. Now, drones are set to be deliberately smashed into passenger jets as part of a radical testing program triggered by fears of a catastrophe in British skies. Ministers ordered the tests after a series of near misses, some near major airports. He continues to explain that the Alta drone was the perfect choice for this project, as it already has bright navigation LEDs on each arm. Users can also change the colours with the drone's accompanied app via a smartphone THE US AND UK DRONE RULES  In August, the US Federal Aviation Administration unveiled long-awaited new rules that clear the way for small, commercial drones to operate across US airspace. Under the FAA's rules, drone operators will be allowed to fly commercial craft weighing less than 55 pounds (25kg) during daylight hours, provided they can maintain a clear view of the drone at all times.  Limit drone operations to the hours from a half-hour before sunrise to a half-hour after sunset. Limit speed to no more than 100 mph and drones are not allowed to fly higher than 400 feet. While that effectively precludes the sort of robo-delivery services being developed by Amazon and other major vendors, the new rules will nonetheless ensure drones become increasingly commonplace in the skies.  The White House cites industry estimates suggesting drones could generate more than $82 billion (£63 billion) for the US economy over the coming decade, creating some 100,000 jobs.  Wal-Mart Stores said last month it was six to nine months from beginning to use drones to check warehouse inventories in the United States, suggesting drones will soon become part of our everyday lives.  But in the UK, drones are regulated by the Civil Aviation Authority.  These rules apply to unmanned vehicles not more than 44 pounds (20kg) without their fuel, and states they can be flown up to 400 feet in the air.  'A person must not recklessly or negligently cause or permit an aircraft to endanger any person or property,' the regulation says. Some experts say this regulation is not enough.  But Amazon said its UK partnership aims to understand how drones can be used safely and reliably, and identify the best regulations to put in place. They have committed more than £250,000 to pay for a private study of what would happen if a drone struck a window or the fuselage of a plane. The secretive tests were ordered by the Department for Transport, in conjunction with the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) and the Ministry of Defense. They are being carried out by Qinetiq, whose experts have the run of 5,000 square miles of restricted airspace in Snowdonia, Wales. It might be mistaken for a hovering UFO, but this DIY flashlight consists of ten separate 100-watt LEDs mounted on a Freefly Alta drone for a one of a kind light show The move is in response to growing concerns from pilots that drones, which contain heavy lithium batteries, could pierce a plane windscreen. It comes as the Department for Transport prepares to finally publish a long-awaited consultation on the future of drones. The number in the skies has spiraled in recent years amid a growing clamor for their use in industry as well as leisure and photography.   Read more: Guy Attaches His DIY 1000W LED Strip to a Drone, Captures Amazing Shots 1000W LED on a DRONE - RCTESTFLIGHT - YouTube Share or comment on this article e-mail 14 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  297 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
November 13, 2016 Subscribe Help Place Ad Contact Us Staff Directory Mobile Sign In Register Clear 50° Manhattan Forecast » The Mercury Home Calendar Weather Archives Discussion Forums Community Info RSS News Local State & Regional Nation World Cops & Courts I Wonder Obits Daily Record Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Lifestyle Neighbors Movies Food Arts & Leisure Books & Writing Off the Beat Restaurant Search Sports Manhattan High Area Schools Local Sports K-State Sports Football Men's Basketball Women's Basketball All Sports Columns Triangulate RSS Photo & Video Galleries Video Classifieds Jobs Homes Search Couple racks up nearly 3,000 volunteer hours at RCPD By Bryan Richardson October 17, 2016 You have viewed 1 of 10 this month. Want uninterrupted access to TheMercury.com on your computer, smartphone and tablet? We have many subscription options to fit your needs. See my options Two thousand eight hundred hours is nearly 117 full days, longer than the regular season for K-State football. That’s how many combined hours Chris and Karen Hunter have volunteered as Riley County auxiliary police officers. Chris and Karen served more than 1,800 hours and 1,000 hours, respectively, assisting the Riley County Police Department’s sworn officers. Chris, who started in 1997, is the auxiliary captain, and Karen, who joined in 2001, is a sergeant. The number of years and hours led to RCPD Director Brad Schoen presenting them with plaques at the Sept. 19 law board meeting to honor them in retirement. “These two have been around a long time,” Schoen said. “(They’re) retiring from a job for which they were never paid.” The Hunters, who have been married for 22 years, are also dedicated to each other. “She’s put up with me for way too many years to get rid of me now,” Chris said. “He’s stuck with me now, I guess,” Karen said. Chris, who grew up in Manhattan, and Karen, who grew up in Smith Center, met through the Junior Chamber of Commerce in 1989 while Karen attended K-State. Karen said they understand each other’s quirks and moods after being together for as long as they have. “We get along really well for being together pretty much all day, it seems like,” she said. Whatever they do, they try to do together. “Everything we do in pairs, it seems like,” Karen said.“We can’t get away from each other.” In addition to auxiliary work, they served as volunteers for the Riley County Fire Department and currently work part time together in Walmart’s automotive department. The only time they wouldn’t be together is during their day jobs. Chris is a mechanic for Howie’s Recycling and Trash Service, and Karen works for the Kansas Department of Agriculture. Even when they’re wrong, they’re wrong together. “Our first anniversary, we both forgot about it,” Chris said. “It was a couple of days later we realized.” Chris said he never had a problem doing things by himself before meeting Karen. Now, he said things typically aren’t as fun without her. “I asked her if she was going to the Manhattan and Junction City game with me,” Chris said. “She said, ‘It’s cold. Find somebody else.’” “So he didn’t go,” Karen said. “Well I was tired, and I hurt my hand the day before,” Chris said. So naturally, the decision to stop volunteering with the auxiliary unit was a joint decision. They made the decision after assessing that the stress level of being leaders in a unit with 10 to 15 volunteers started to outweigh the enjoyment. “With being the captain, when your guys screw up, you get the phone call,” Chris said. However, they said they’ve enjoyed the years serving the community in the auxiliary unit. They plan to leave the unit officially at the end of the year. “It’s really neat to come in here as a citizen, and all these cops come up and know you,” Karen said. During the years, those duties have included assisting K-State game day traffic, DUI checkpoints and parades. They have also kept eyes on the city’s parks and brought people arrested to the Riley County Jail Friday and Saturday nights. Chris said he’s enjoyed the camaraderie between the sworn officers and the volunteers. “I grew up here, and I’ve always enjoyed it,” he said. Those who want more information on becoming an auxiliary police officer can go to the Riley County Police Department website, rileycountypolice.org, and look under the Programs and Services heading. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | The Manhattan Mercury, 318 North 5th Street, Manhattan, Kansas, 66502 | Copyright 2016
null
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 17640.84 1.53%   Hang Seng ▲ 22301.12 -1.02%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -11/32 yield 2.192%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.34 -0.16%   Yen ▲ 107.44 0.72%   DJIA ▲ 18847.66 0.21%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Zero & Below Era of Low Interest Rates Hammers Millions of Pensions Around World The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Abreast of the Market Investors Look to Altered Landscape Fast-Moving Markets Propel ETF Trading After Trump Win As Crude Collapsed, Alaska Capitalized on Housing Bust Ahead of the Tape At Long Last: The Earnings Recession Is Finally Over Cities, States Rush to Borrow Ahead of Trump’s Promised Building Boom Philippines Returns $15 Million Stolen From Bangladesh Account at N.Y. Fed Investors Ditch Gold After Trump’s Win Trump’s Promises Fuel Volatility in Metals Markets U.S. Dollar Rally Finds New Life Under Trump For Australia’s Pearl Farmers, the Wild Is Their Oyster Insurers Hope Under Trump They Are Deemed Less Important Retirement Policy Under Trump? Unclear, but There Are Clues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Visa CEO Charles Scharf Is Stepping Down Being replaced Dec. 1 by Alfred Kelly, a Visa board member and former AmEx president By Robin Sidel Robin Sidel The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyRobin Sidel Robin.Sidel@wsj.com Updated Oct. 17, 2016 6:32 p.m. ET Visa Inc. said Chief Executive Officer Charles Scharf is resigning after advising the board that he can no longer spend enough time in San Francisco “to do the job effectively.” The San Francisco-based payments network said Mr. Scharf will be succeeded by Alfred Kelly, 58 years old, a member of Visa’s board and a former president at American Express Co. In an interview, Mr. Scharf said he needs be closer to his family in New... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Edward Snowden on Donald Trump’s Victory Anti-Trump Protests Continue for Fourth Day Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Carbon Copy Brexit: Trump Victory Mirrors Farage's EU Fight Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff Donald Trump Nearing Selection of Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier Interview: Trump Willing to Keep Parts of Health Law Toyota in $3.4 Billion Corrosion Deal Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 41F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 6:40 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close Darla A. Baker / Tehachapi News Manager David Lee has been conducting job interviews over the past few days for the grand opening of the new Dunkin' Donuts under construction on Tucker Road. Social media: Readers weigh in on opening of Dunkin' Donuts BY DARLA A. BAKER dbaker@tehachapinews.com Oct 17, 2016 Darla A. Baker / Tehachapi News Manager David Lee has been conducting job interviews over the past few days for the grand opening of the new Dunkin' Donuts under construction on Tucker Road. Our readers have been weighing in on the news of Dunkin' Donuts' expected opening in mid-December. Darla A. Baker reported the doughnut shop is hiring. Here are some of the comments from our our readers, some lightly edited for clarity. Tanya George: "And I will be the first one in line!!!!" Felipe Rivera: "After me." Chip Dristas: "I get up first!" Felipe Rivera: "I never sleep." Marianne Elizabeth: "Maureen McNamara just in time for our trip up for Christmas!" Ronnie N LaCrisha Gibbens: "LindaMaldonado you will have to bring me a donut when they open." Courtney Hord: "Yes because Tehachapi needs another donut shop. We need more McDonald's and Subways too. I'll stick to Carlos Donuts thanks!" Tammy Winn: "And dollar stores and auto parts stores." Tammy Winn: "Oh, and another Starbucks on Tucker Road." Breanna Hart: "No one can top Carlos Donut. Great staff too." Jason Salas: "It will be the only one of the donut shops in town with a drive thru and open past noon. Those are some selling points." Rich Borst: "I love the negative nelly's. We don't need another "fill in the blank." Bah humbug. Be happy businesses want to come to our town!!" Cassandra Sweeney: "I need food everyday. Lol" Tabitha Johnson: "At least they are hiring local people! More jobs for people!" Mano Lujan: "I just want to know when the mega mall is coming. 3 stories with an Imax! Now we're talking!" Tamera Barrie: "Just what we don't need something unhealthy. Ya think they would approve something else like El Pollo Loco." George Thompson: "... We all have a choice of what we eat, you eat grass and I will eat Dounuts!!!!!!!!!!!!" Jorge Melendez: "I don't get it, Tehachapi fights big corp Walmart from building because it will affect small business but will allow big corp Duncan doughnut to ruin our small mom and pops doughnut shops we have now :(" Todd Evans: "Me and my family are from Sydney Australia and we love staying in Tehachapi we love the trains and the loop we've been coming back since '95 and can't believe how much this town has moved forward we will be staying there in January!" Dunkin' Donuts to open mid-December With construction fully underway, Tehachapi residents can anticipate the grand opening of Du… This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Tehachapi will have new faces for local government Early voting shows possible upsets in Tehachapi-area races Tehachapi romance author remembered for her work with animals Warriors blank Delano 27-0 in first round of CIF tourney Local boxer Macias tagged 'rising star' after stealing the show in Vegas Douglas Lamar Langston, 1970-2016 Football Notes: Podratz out for season with broken leg Paramedic celebrates 25 years of service Letter to the editor: The Electoral College simplified, and why we need it Golden Hills CSD seeks ways to police new Nature Park Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2016 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Visa CEO Charlie Scharf to resign ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Visa CEO Charlie Scharf to resign Published October 17, 2016 Business Leaders Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print Visa Inc. said Chief Executive Officer Charles Scharf is resigning his post after advising the board that he can no longer spend enough time in San Francisco "to do the job effectively."  Continue Reading Below The San Francisco-based payments network said Mr. Scharf will be replaced by Alfred Kelly, 58, a member of Visa's board and a former president at American Express Co. In an interview, Mr. Scharf said his departure is connected to a need to be closer to his family in New York.  "I think to do this job properly you need to be committed to spending the appropriate amount of time in San Francisco. Given my personal situation, I don't feel that I can do that right now," he said.  In a memo to Visa employees Monday, Mr. Scharf noted that his daughters, parents and extended family are all on the East Coast. Before taking the Visa job, Mr. Scharf lived in New York.  "I love working and running this great global company and I am sad to have reached the conclusion that I should step down, but running a San Francisco based company just doesn't work for me personally right now and wouldn't be fair to Visa," Mr. Scharf said in a news release. Mr. Scharf also will step down from Visa's board of directors.  Mr. Scharf, 51 years old, took the helm of Visa in November 2012 after spending most of his career in the banking industry, including a seven-year stint running the enormous retail-banking division of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. During Mr. Scharf's tenure, Visa's stock generated a total return including dividends of 144% versus 64% for the S&P 500.  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The payments industry has expanded aggressively into digital channels during Mr. Scharf's time at Visa. He also has had to navigate an often-tense relationship with some of the nation's largest merchants, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Last year, Visa bought its European counterpart Visa Europe for more than $20 billion in a long-awaited deal that brought the payment network's global operations under one roof.  In an interview, Mr. Kelly said he feels well-prepared to take on the Visa job even though he has technically been out of the industry for some time. Earlier this year, Mr. Kelly was named CEO of Intersection, a technology and media company behind an initiative to bring public Wi-Fi to New York City.  "My [Visa] board service has allowed me to stay enormously close to an industry that I stayed almost 2 1/2 decades in prior to this," Mr. Kelly said. Since leaving AmEx he also served as the CEO of the 2014 NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee and as chairman of the 2015 Papal visit to New York City.  Visa processes credit-card and debit-card payments on behalf of the nation's banks and merchants. It doesn't set interest rates or issue cards. The company has a market value of $190 billion, more than one-third larger than rival MasterCard Inc.  Robert W. Matschullat, Visa's independent chairman, described Mr. Scharf in a statement as a "visionary CEO, highly successful by any set of metrics."  Mr. Kelly will join the company on Oct. 31 as CEO-designate. Mr. Scharf will serve as an adviser to Mr. Kelly starting on Dec. 1 for several months.  "We are thrilled to have found someone with Al's expertise and knowledge to take Visa to even greater heights," Mr. Matschullat said in the statement.  Mr. Scharf said he approached the board in mid-September to advise them that he was considering stepping down, and then submitted his resignation on Monday morning.  Visa was scheduled to hold a conference call with Wall Street analysts and investors later on Monday. The company is slated to report quarterly earnings on Oct. 24.  Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 129 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Exotic animal transport a complex job Moving exotic animals from Ohio to sanctuaries across the country can require a big staff — and a lot of raw chicken. Post to Facebook Exotic animal transport a complex job Moving exotic animals from Ohio to sanctuaries across the country can require a big staff — and a lot of raw chicken.  Check out this story on zanesvilletimesrecorder.com: http://ohne.ws/2eKB3bF {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Exotic animal transport a complex job Adrian Burns , USA TODAY NETWORK-OHIO 5:16 p.m. EDT October 17, 2016 Specialized exotic animal hauling truck and trailer for Alpine, Calif.-based Lions, Tigers and Bears. The sanctuary has moved 140 animals out of Ohio. (Photo: Submitted/Lions, Tigers and Bears) Next time you see someone loading up on chicken at the grocery store, look for a tiger trailer in the parking lot. Since Ohio put a new law in place in 2012 restricting exotic animals in the state, it has shipped more than 145 seized or forfeited animals to sanctuaries across the country. A review of public records requested by USA Today Network-Ohio shows that moving exotic animals can require a team of professional animal handlers and drivers, lots of store-bought raw meat such as whole chickens, and tens of thousands of dollars to pay for it all. Moving five tigers and two cougars in early June from Ohio to sanctuaries in Tennessee and California cost taxpayers $27,974.96, according to a copy of the transportation invoice provided by state officials. That broke down to $23,073.13 for two professional drivers, four animal handlers, anesthesia, fuel, water and the use of a specially outfitted temperature-controlled trailer and large truck. Airfare to shuttle in the crew, hotel accommodations, food for the animals, ice and other expenses tacked on another $4,901.83. ZANESVILLE TIMES RECORDER Lions, tigers and conspiracy theories Drill down into the receipts for the job and it will become clear someone or something on the trip had a large appetite for chicken. A stop at a grocery store called Porter's in Texas on June 6 came away with a pack of leg quarters, beef back ribs, a center cut pork chop, six packages of drumsticks and four whole chickens. Two days later, another grocery stop loaded up on chicken. "That's what they eat, raw meat," said Bobbi Brink, director of Alpine, California-based Lions, Tigers and Bears, an animal sanctuary and rescue that transports animals across the country. Brink has moved 140 animals from Ohio, including the tigers and cougars in June, she said. "We stop and buy meat, and that's what we feed them on the road," she said. "We usually go to Wal-Mart." ZANESVILLE TIMES RECORDER Law takes bite out of exotic animal population Adult tigers can eat about 15 pounds of meat a day, Brink said. The total cost for animal food on the trip was $193.74 Keeping big exotic animals fed is just part of the job. Other challenges include effectively tranquilizing animals so they can be loaded into special cages, Brink said. "They can weigh 400 pounds to 500 pounds," she said. ZANESVILLE TIMES RECORDER Zanesville animal escape lives on for witnesses Moving exotic animals also requires a large amount of paperwork and planning before a trip to ensure state animal laws aren't being violated along the way. Overnight stops are avoided, Brink said, but when the crew does stop for the night, it stays at a hotel and parks the truck and trailer in the parking lot  albeit with someone present by to keep an eye on things, she said. "Someone has to stay out there when we have animals on board," she said. Brink has been in the animal rescue field since 1990. Her 93-acre sanctuary is home to 20 exotic animals including three lions and two tigers, according to the facility's website. Inside the exotic animal hauling trailer of Alpine, Calif.-based Lions, Tigers and Bears. The sanctuary has moved 140 animals out of Ohio.  (Photo: Submitted/Lions, Tigers and Bears) 129 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2eKB3bF TOP VIDEOS Smashing Barrels Retrocade 0:34 Seraphinea's Coffee and Tea Works 0:55 Filet mignon at Ichiban Japanese Steakhouse 0:48 Zanesville Day Nursery evacuates for gas leak 1:03 Walking a Mile in Their Shoes 2:39 Sheridan dominates Maysville 1:00 Making Pickles at FoodWorks Alliance 0:57 Yeary's Orchard making cider again. 1:06 Zanesville's 9-game Newark streak ends 1:47 Muskingum welcomes new students.mov 0:39 Fainting goats at Kid Valley Farm 0:42 Fair rooster crowing contest 1:34 Rough Truck at the Fair.mov 2:45 Cpl. Charles A. White Jr. Comes Home 1:49 Good Sam demolition begins 0:27 I-70 crash 0:15 Prosecutor Haddox on Weaver sentencing 1:40 Muskingum Valley fires on all cylinders for All-Star win 1:27 Denny Taylor talks about WWII 4:24 Buckeye Lake dam stop log installation 2:25 Man on quest to sing with Keith Urban 1:55 Prosecutor Haddox on Weaver Verdict 1:33 Sheriff's vehicle auction coming Saturday 1:11 Torch walk for Transplant Games 1:34 Senior Center under construction 0:43 Fools on the Roof 0:19 Message in the sky 0:50 Philo Pizza bakes loaded baked potato pizza 0:28 Spiker edges Harris in district semifinal 0:29 Zanesville highlights vs. Newark 1:12 Sheridan defeats Vinton County 1:11 Steakbomb pizza at Joe's Family Restaurant 0:27 5-year-old writes book about firefighters 1:18 Bridge Cafe Kitchen 0:58 Zanesville's Jerrells wins two on mat 0:55 Zanesville girls lose first to rival Newark 1:39 'All about the fighting' 2:11 Maysville finds 'non-specific threat' 3:30 How to make a Whit's Buckeye Whitzer 0:50 Zanesville rolls Jackson in regional final 0:25 Weasel Boy homebrewing contest 0:43 How to Make a Stromboli 1:32 Zanesville vs DeSales highlights 1:10 Zanesville game highlights 0:51 911 tapes released in officer-involved shooting 0:50 Game Plan Game of the Week 10 5:31 Lutz discusses officer-involved shooting 1:57 Making a difference in Muskingum County 0:36 Game Plan week 9 game of the week 4:57 Game Plan game of the week 8 5:17 24,901 miles around the mall 1:04 Zanesville falls to New Philadelphia 1:07 Game Plan video week 7 5:21 Walk a Mile in My Shoes 0:40 Game Plan Week 6 6:10 Music of AJ Adams 1:25 Music of AJ Adams 1:25 Steele addresses crowd of volunteers 0:30 Willison, Hill key members of Walsh passing game 0:38 Zanesville grads reunite, locals powering Ohio Dominican 2:13 Crooksville versus West M highlights 1:22 Game Plan Video Week 5 5:10 New Concord Wreck 1:03 Scott Snider prepares Clay Haus reuben and bratwurst 1:16 Zanesville versus Tri-Valley highlights 1:25 Game Plan Week 4 5:12 Hollingsworth discusses return to the road 2:13 Game Plan Video Week 3 5:50 12th Annual Rib Fest in Zanesville 0:28 River Ridge Leather keeps to tradition and quality 1:39 Times Recorder Game Plan Week 2 5:03 Sheridan football highlights vs Granville 1:25 Game Plan Week 1 7:18 Behind the scenes of a Civil War reenactment 1:21 Awake and Alive 10:16 Carson Drive plugs in 0:53 One injured in South 60 wreck 1:07 Dana Pritchett talks about addiction 4:32 4th annual Rock the Walk 5K Fundraiser 0:44 Muskingum Valley All-Star highlights 1:37 Muskingum Valley vs Licking County game 1:18 Serenity: Mind Body Spirit 1:14 Half-pound burgers hit the spot at Annie's 0:56 Raw Video: Edison statue unveiled 1:13 Mobster pizza hits the spot at The Barn 0:36 Fatal Ohio Turnpike crash 1:15 Muddy Misers grills up a favorite 0:22 Phil's Seafood is a Zanesville stalwart 0:17 Local Teen Prepares for National Equestrian Competition 1:35 Making Doughnuts at Donald's Donuts 1:30 Anna J releases first album 2:11 How to eat well on a budget 1:17 Former homeless man receives birthday party 0:36 Gyros Kabab in Zanesville 0:26 Red raspberry grand at Tom's Ice Cream Bowl 0:34 Rodney Curtis Arraignment Press Conference 4:14 Seafood alfredo at Old Market House Inn 0:49 Muskingum Valley All-Star boys 0:50 Muskingum Valley All-Star girls 0:52 Tri-Valley boys basketball highlights vs Newark 0:34 More Stories Scholarships awardsed at celebrity dinner Nov. 13, 2016, 4:32 p.m. West Muskingum High School academic lists Nov. 13, 2016, 11:22 a.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 13, 2016, 8:45 a.m. Young people are our best crop to harvest Nov. 13, 2016, 12:02 p.m.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account SEARCH GAMBIT SITE News Events Music Film Food & Drink Living Shopping Classifieds Free + Fun GAMBIT ADVERTISING Browse News Digital Edition of Gambit News Home The Latest The Count What Desaix Clancy DuBos Blake Pontchartrain Gambit Commentary I-10: News on the move Thumbs Up/Thumbs Down Gambit Past Issue Search Browse Events Fairs & Festival Guide Events Features Events Calendar Stage Previews and Reviews Stage Calendar Art Previews and Reviews Art Listings Book Events Browse Music Music Home Music Calendar Browse Food & Drink Food & Drink Home Restaurant Reviews Food News Five in Five Beer Buzz Wine of the Week Restaurant Guide Bar Search Browse Living Health & Wellness Kids and Schools Party Planning Guide Home and Design New Orleans Weddings Browse Shopping CUE Magazine What's in Store Fashion and Beauty Shopping News Shopping Guides Browse Classifieds Employment Real Estate More Classifieds Browse Free + Fun Contests and Giveaways Gambit's 21 Guide Best of New Orleans 2016 Gambit Goods Tours by Joieful Browse Film Special Film Screenings Film Home Movie Times Browse Notices Public Notices Clerk of Court: Jefferson Parish LPA Statewide Public Notices October 17, 2016 Film » Film: Previews and Reviews Tweet Pin It Email Favorite Saving… Share Review: American Honey  Shia LaBeouf stars in the Cannes’ Grand Jury Prize-winning road movie By Ken Korman click to enlarge American Honey • Directed by Andrea Arnold • Starring Shia LaBeouf, Riley Keough and Sasha Lane • Limited release Road movies and their literary counterparts occupy a special place in the popular imagination. Like Westerns, road movies use wide-open spaces and free mobility to express a uniquely American belief in unlimited possibilities and personal reinvention. In the 1950s and '60s, road movies and books became closely associated with the explosion of youth culture. It would be hard to understand those times without considering Jack Kerouac's On the Road or Dennis Hopper's Easy Rider, works that came to symbolize entire generations of young people.   It will be for millennials to decide whether 55-year-old British filmmaker Andrea Arnold's ambitious American Honey captures something distinctive and true of their life experience. But it's safe to say Arnold's utterly original road movie speaks to the fractured, election-weary America of 2016 like few films this year.   Winner of the Grand Jury Prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival, American Honey follows the fictional adventures of a real-life modern phenomenon known as the "mag crew." Fifteen young people (roughly ages 18 to 22) crisscross the Midwest in a large van, selling magazine subscriptions door-to-door by day under the iron hand of boss Krystal (Riley Keough) and partying hard at cheap motels by night. Coming mostly from broken homes in poor, rural areas, they live on the margins of a society no longer interested in preventing them from falling through the cracks.   Despite its subject matter, American Honey is not a message movie about social ills and downtrodden youth. Arnold took some inspiration from a 2007 article in The New York Times detailing the exploitation and abuse suffered by mag crews, but she's more interested in their members' resilience and knack for making surrogate families of their crews. Arnold even manages to find an almost touching beauty in the heartland's desolate strip malls and Wal-Mart parking lots serving as de facto community hubs.   Though shot in the now jarringly squarish format of early Hollywood films, American Honey sometimes recalls the films of Terrence Malick (Days of Heaven, The Tree of Life), who finds an almost spiritual grace in everyday life and the natural world. Arnold is not afraid to linger on a shot of fireflies floating through trees at sunset to generate just the right vibe for her impressionistic film.   The director also achieves a rare authenticity by "streetcasting" her film with non-actors found in those parking lots, at state fairs and on southern beaches during spring break. Arnold took her cast and crew on a spontaneous two-month, 10,000-mile road trip to shoot American Honey. Novice actors largely were instructed to appear as themselves. Keough (who looks more than a bit like her grandfather Elvis Presley) and Shia LaBeouf (as Crystal's top salesman and crew trainer, Jake) balance the amateur cast with needed acting chops and professionalism.   At the center of the film is an actress named Sasha Lane (found on a Florida beach with no previous acting experience) as Star. American Honey is Star's story, and Lane comes through for the film with a memorably strong-yet-vulnerable presence.   American Honey's story is minimalist by design, and some will surely see this 162-minute film as ponderous and slow. It all seems a bit of a Rorschach test, wide open to interpretation. Like any good road trip, it's all about the experience — and what you take away from it may well be a function of what you bring to the party. « I-10: Ten Things to Know in New Orl…  |  4 films to see as the New Orleans F… » Tweet Pin It Email Favorite Saving… Share Tags: Film: Previews and Reviews, American Honey, Shia LaBeouf, Cannes’ Grand Jury Prize Speaking of... Review: American Honey Oct 14, 2016 Review: The Company You Keep Apr 30, 2013 More » More Film: Previews and Reviews » Film Details American Honey Rated R - Comedy drama American Honey Rated R · 162 minutes · 2016 Official Site: www.americanhoney-movie.com Director: Andrea Arnold Producer: Lars Knudsen, Jay Van Hoy, Pouya Shahbazian, Alice Weinberg, Thomas Benski and Lucas Ochoa Cast: Sasha Lane, Riley Keough, Shia LaBeouf, McCaul Lombardi, Arielle Holmes, Crystal Ice, Garry Howell, Kenneth Tucker, Raymond Coalson, Isaiah Stone, Dakota Powers, Shawna Moseley, Christopher Wright, Veronica Ezell and Chad Cox Trailer Now Playing Sorry there are no upcoming showtimes for American Honey Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread Calendar Events Music Movies Dining Bars -All Dates- Sunday, November 13 Monday, November 14 Tuesday, November 15 Wednesday, November 16 Thursday, November 17 Friday, November 18 Saturday, November 19 Sunday, November 20 Monday, November 21 Tuesday, November 22 Wednesday, November 23 Thursday, November 24 Friday, November 25 Saturday, November 26 Sunday, November 27 Monday, November 28 Tuesday, November 29 Wednesday, November 30 Thursday, December 1 Friday, December 2 Saturday, December 3 Sunday, December 4 Monday, December 5 Tuesday, December 6 Wednesday, December 7 Thursday, December 8 Friday, December 9 Saturday, December 10 Sunday, December 11 Monday, December 12 Tuesday, December 13 -All Categories- EVENTS CALENDAR  Events  Halloween  Family and Kids  Farmers Markets  Festivals  Fitness, Dance and Outdoors  Food and Drink  Fundraisers and Galas  Lectures, Discussions and Workshops  Sports  Words  Volunteers Needed  Christmas  Request for Applications FILM  Film Festivals  Now Showing  Special Screenings  Call for Filmmakers STAGE  Theater  Family  Cabaret, Burlesque & Variety  Dance  Opera  Comedy  Auditions  Call for Theater ART  Happenings  Opening  Galleries  Spare Spaces  Museums  Call for Artists -All Neighborhoods- ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish Submit an event Jump to date -All Dates- Sunday, November 13 Monday, November 14 Tuesday, November 15 Wednesday, November 16 Thursday, November 17 Friday, November 18 Saturday, November 19 Sunday, November 20 Monday, November 21 Tuesday, November 22 Wednesday, November 23 Thursday, November 24 Friday, November 25 Saturday, November 26 Sunday, November 27 Monday, November 28 Tuesday, November 29 Wednesday, November 30 Thursday, December 1 Friday, December 2 Saturday, December 3 Sunday, December 4 Monday, December 5 Tuesday, December 6 Wednesday, December 7 Thursday, December 8 Friday, December 9 Saturday, December 10 Sunday, December 11 Monday, December 12 Tuesday, December 13 -All Categories- Auditions Bluegrass Blues Cajun/Zydeco Call for music Classical/Concerts Country/Folk DJs/Dance Electronic Funk General Jazz Karaoke Latin Metal Open mic Other Pop Punk R&B/Soul Rap/Hip-Hop/Bounce Rock Singer/songwriter -All Neighborhoods- ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish Submit an event Select a movie The Accountant Almost Christmas Arrival The Birth of a Nation The Cat Returns Certain Women Christine Deepwater Horizon Disney Junior at the Movies With Mickey! Doctor Strange Doctor Strange 3D Doctor Strange: An IMAX 3D Experience An Eye for an Eye Finding Dory 3D Hacksaw Ridge The Handmaiden In Order of Disappearance Inferno Jack Reacher: Never Go Back Kevin Hart: What Now? The Little Mermaid 3D Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children Moonlight No Pay, Nudity Ouija: Origin of Evil Shut In Space Jam 20th Anniversary Trolls Trolls 3D Tyler Perry's Boo! A Madea Halloween The Wind Rises or Select a location ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish -All Categories- African American American Contemporary Bar & Grill Barbecue Belgian Breakfast & Brunch Cafe Cajun Caribbean Chinese Coffee & Dessert Creole Deli Diner French General Fare Gourmet to Go Greek Indian Intercontinental Italian Japanese Latin American Louisiana Contemporary Mediterranean Mexican & Southwest Middle Eastern Neighborhood Panasian Pizza Restaurants: Burgers Sandwiches & Po-boys Seafood Soul Steakhouse Tapas Thai Vegetarian & Health Vietnamese -All Neighborhoods- ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish -All Neighborhoods- ORLEANS   Bywater   Carrollton/Riverbend/University   Central Business District   Central City   Citywide   Faubourg Marigny   French Quarter   Gentilly   Lakeview   Lower Ninth Ward   Mid-City   New Orleans East   Seventh Ward/St. Roch   Treme   Uptown   Warehouse District JEFFERSON (EASTBANK)   Harahan   Jefferson   Kenner   Metairie   River Ridge WESTBANK   Belle Chasse   Gretna   West Bank   Westwego ST. TAMMANY   Abita Springs   Covington   Hammond   Madisonville   Mandeville   More Northshore   Slidell OUTSKIRTS   Outskirts   St. Bernard Parish Movies This Week Disney Junior at the Movies With Mickey! Rated NR | 70 minutes Bleed for This Rated R | 116 minutes Arrival Rated PG-13 | 116 minutes No Pay, Nudity Rated R | 92 minutes Doctor Who (Animated): The Power of the Daleks Rated NR | 165 minutes More Filmtimes Select a movie The Accountant Allied Almost Christmas Arrival Bad Santa 2 BearCity BearCity 2: The Proposal Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk 3D The Birth of a Nation Bleed for This Breakfast at Tiffany's (1961) Presented by TCM The Cat Returns Certain Women Christine Deepwater Horizon Disney Junior at the Movies With Mickey! Doctor Strange Doctor Strange 3D Doctor Strange: An IMAX 3D Experience Doctor Who (Animated): The Power of the Daleks An Eye for an Eye Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 3D Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: An IMAX 3D Experience Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: The IMAX 2D Experience Fantastic Beasts Fan Event in Dolby Cinema Finding Dory 3D From Here to Eternity (1953) Presented by TCM Hacksaw Ridge The Handmaiden Hurricane on the Bayou In Order of Disappearance Inferno Jack Reacher: Never Go Back Kevin Hart: What Now? The Little Mermaid 3D The Metropolitan Opera: L'amour de Loin The Metropolitan Opera: Nabucco The Metropolitan Opera: The Magic Flute Special Encore Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children Moana Moana 3D Moonlight Moscow on the Hudson Mumford & Sons Live From South Africa: Dust & Thunder Nerdland: The Special Event No Pay, Nudity NT Live: Hamlet 2016 Encore Ouija: Origin of Evil RiffTrax Holiday Special Double Feature Rush -- Time Stand Still Secret Ocean 3D Shut In Space Jam 20th Anniversary Trolls Trolls 3D Tyler Perry's Boo! A Madea Halloween Wild Cats 3D The Wind Rises or Select a location AMC Clearview Palace 12 AMC Elmwood Palace 20 AMC Westbank Palace 16 The Broad Theater Chalmette Movies Entergy Giant Screen Theatre The Grand 14 Esplanade The Grand 16 Slidell Prytania Theatre Regal Covington Stadium 14 The Theatres at Canal Place Zeitgeist Multi-Disciplinary Arts Center Latest in Film: Previews and Reviews Review: Moonlight, a meditation on identity The moving coming-of-age tale received a 2016 New Orleans Film Festival Audience Award by Ken Korman Nov 7, 2016 Review: Jim Jarmusch chronicles the Stooges in Gimme Danger The documentary screens at The Broad Theater by Ken Korman Oct 31, 2016 More » More by Ken Korman Review: Arrival The aliens are here and they'd like to chat. by Ken Korman Nov 11, 2016 Elmwood Theater debuts Doctor Who: The Power of the Daleks Monday night Animated program recreates long-lost TV episodes. by Ken Korman Nov 11, 2016 Prospect New Orleans presents 24-hour film and TV montage The Clock at CAC Groundbreaking video installation makes its regional debut. by Ken Korman Nov 9, 2016 More » Readers also liked… Review: Mistress America Aug 31, 2015 Review: 91%: A Film About Guns in America Jun 6, 2016 Review: The Beatles: Eight Days a Week — The Touring Years Sep 12, 2016 About Gambit Restaurant Guide Form Current Issue of Gambit Public Notices E-Newsletter Home Delivery Ad Info & Rates National Advertising About Us Submit an event Careers at Gambit Archives Contact RSS Coming to New Orleans? Art Events Film Music Restaurants Privacy Statement | Terms of Use © 2016 Gambit Powered by Foundation
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: siouxcityjournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections Activate Digital Subscription E-edition Download our Apps Buy, Sell & Jobs Jobs Classifieds Wheels for You Auto Siouxland Homes Business Directory SCJ Deal of the Day Siouxland Bid & Buy Weekly Ads Weather Sponsored by: Bomgaars News Business Elections Local National State & Regional Weird News Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists The Mini Polls Speak Out SUX 911 Iowa Cold Cases Police Calls Woodbury County Jail Resources Iowa Courts Online Crime Watch Sports High School College Musketeers Explorers Bandits Outdoors Obituaries Local Obituaries Area Obituaries Search Life Arts and Theatre Food and Cooking Faith and Values Health, Medicine and Fitness Home and Garden Music Relationships and Special Occasions Television Calendar Photos and Video Gallery Order Photos Videos Extra! Blogs Calendar Coffee Break Multimedia Contests Games & Puzzles Siouxland History Weekender Kids Scoop Goodfellow Charities Contact Us Customer-service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° sponsored by Sioux City, IA (51101) Today Mostly clear. Tonight A few passing clouds. Low 38F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 8:52 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obits Buy, Sell & Jobs Life Extra! Events Close Aldrich Winnebago man sentenced to 20 years for Sioux City beating Oct 17, 2016 (…) Aldrich SIOUX CITY | A Winnebago, Nebraska, man was sentenced Monday to 20 years in prison for his involvement in a beating that left a man unconscious. Keenan Aldrich, 22, pleaded guilty in Woodbury County District Court in August to first-degree theft and willful injury causing serious injury. District Judge Edward Jacobson ordered the 10-year sentences for both charges to be served consecutively. According to court documents, Aldrich, Arlaina Zavala and Quincy Louis got into an argument with a man on June 20 outside 502 W. Third St. and began to hit and kick him and stomp on his head, leading to a fractured orbital bone and causing him to lose consciousness. The victim received stitches for his injuries and was released from a hospital. The three took personal belongings and $200 from the man before they went to Walmart on 3101 Floyd Blvd., where they stole alcohol. Louis, 20, of Omaha, was sentenced to 10 years in prison. Zavala, 22, of South Sioux City, has pleaded guilty to first-degree theft and awaits sentencing. Aldrich More information +2 2 plead guilty to Sioux City beating SIOUX CITY | Two people involved in a beating that left a man unconscious have pleaded guilty. Man sentenced to 10 years prison for Sioux City beating Police: Suspects beat, rob Sioux City man Tags Theft Willful Injury Keenan Aldrich Winnebago Sioux City Woodbury County District Court Crime Arlaina Zavala Quincy Louis Edward Jacobson Injury Click here for local election updates Latest in section Iowa may consider tougher penalties after 2 officers killed Today’s best bets around Siouxland Mr. Goodfellow -- Mercy Medical Center Isbin thrills Sioux City Symphony Orchestra crowd Names released in fatal Friday crash Most Popular Additional remains belonging to Kraig Kubik found, show gunshot wound to head Names released in fatal Friday crash 1 killed in vehicle pursuit in Sioux City Teen involved in staged bank robbery sent to jail for violating probation SIOUXLAND SMASH: Local group hones skills and builds friendships Business Directory Latest Local Offers Meier Towing, Inc. Is an unauthorized vehicle parked on your private property? Is a car or truck blocking your driveway? If you're in need of private property towing services in Sioux City, IA, Meier Towing is at your service. 712-258-0609 Updated Nov 11, 2016 American Home Health Care WHEELCHAIR MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR SERVICE Nov 10, 2016 Most Popular Additional remains belonging to Kraig Kubik found, show gunshot wound to head Names released in fatal Friday crash 1 killed in vehicle pursuit in Sioux City Teen involved in staged bank robbery sent to jail for violating probation Police: Man armed with shotgun apprehended after 4-hour standoff Currents Election 2016 Live Trump: What we know, where he stands, and more +16 Election 2016 Live Photos: Donald Trump wins the presidency Baseball Every MLB team's least valuable player of 2016 Today’s top pics: Veterans Day observances and more Hallelujah - RIP Leonard Cohen Your daily 6: A final 'Hallelujah;' Hillary takes a hike Today's Birthdays, Nov. 11: Leonardo Dicaprio Rask stops 21 shots, Bruins beat Avalanche 2-0 Elliott scores twice late, Cowboys top Steelers 35-30 Ibaka hits game winner vs. former team as Magic top Thunder The Latest: Brady throws Patriots 1st INT of the season Latest Local Offers SEAFOOD MAC & CHEESE gulf shrimp, sea scallops, fresh atlantic salmon, tillamook white cheddar cheese sauce, cava… Minerva's Restaurant & Bar 2945 Hamilton Blvd, Sioux City, IA 51104 712-277-0800 Ads No Money Down!! Choose from three fabulous credit plans Creative Carpets 3809 Gordon Dr, Sioux City, IA 51106 712-255-3406 Ads The Newest, Trendiest Entertainment to hit Sioux City! Paint, Sip, Create with Creative Spirits! Click Here for Details! 712-212-9588 Bring your own wine, beer or soda (no hard alcohol) and have a great time at one of our 2 ho… Creative Spirits Sioux City 3208 Singing Hills Blvd., Sioux City, IA 51106 712-212-9588 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: President Obama marks final Veterans Day in office Video: Anger in the streets, transition in the capital Video: John Kerry is 1st secretary of state to visit all 7 continents Video: Quilting group embraces veterans with handmade tribute Sites & Partners Business Journal Jobs Kids Scoop Prime Shopper's Guide Siouxland Homes Siouxland Life Visitors Guide Weekender Wheels for You Tools & Services E-edition Subscribe Customer-service Find Sioux City Jobs Advertise Announce your event Contact Us RSS FAQ © Copyright 2016 Sioux City Journal, 515 Pavonia St. Sioux City, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Acer announces the new Acer Chromebook 15 and is priced at just $199 +7,666 Andrew Myrick Oct 17th, 2016 Acer has released a new Chromebook to the market, and this one should be right in the price range for just about everyone. The new Chromebook 15 doesn’t really turn any heads for any reason other than its pricing, only $199. At first glance, the new Chromebook 15 may only be good for those looking to do some light web browsing, but for under $200, you’d be hard-pressed to find a better option. Acer Chromebook 15 Specs:  15.6-inch 1366×768 Display 2GB RAM 16GB Storage expandable via SD card reader (2) USB 3.0 Ports (1) HDMI Port 12-hour battery-life (advertised) Acer has also confirmed that the new Chromebook 15 will be capable of running Android apps, but with only 2GB of RAM, you may run into some complications. This isn’t a powerhouse Chromebook like the Samsung Chromebook Pro which was leaked over the weekend, but it’ll do just fine for regular web browsing and media consumption. Also, if you’re worried about running out of space, the Chromebook 15 will include 100GB of free Google Drive storage, so that shouldn’t be a problem. This new Chromebook is now on sale at Walmart exclusively, while you can still get other versions of the Chromebook from places such as Amazon. Currently, Walmart’s site says there isn’t much inventory left, so you’ll want to jump on this and order it now before it’s gone. [Engadget | Walmart] local_offer    Acer  Acer Chromebook 15  Chromebooks   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (7) stars Further Reading Acer R13 Chromebook now has Android apps A new Samsung Chromebook has been leaked The Play Store comes to the Chromebook Pixel 2 Google Play starts heading to the Chrome OS s Chrome OS getting fingerprint support stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vertPlay Store UI update closeGoogle is slowly rolling out an updated UI for the Play Store A couple of weeks ago, Google showed off a new Play Store UI in a support video for the Pixel. Now, users are reporting that the new UI is slowly rolling out to devices. 7 more_vertThis is ARA closeWe have Google’s secret Project Ara phone [VIDEO] Remember Project Ara? Google’s super secret modular smartphone that was supposed to set the world on fire? They killed and buried the project, but we did some digging… look what we’ve got our hands on: 8 more_vertAndroid Auto app launches closeAndroid Auto finally comes to Android phones Android Auto in the car is great, but there’s one issue: a lot of people aren’t going to go out and buy new cars or in-dash configurations just to get it. Well, not anymore — Google has announced Android Auto for phones. 9 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 10 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Sunday, November 13, 2016 Home World U.S. Canada Climate War & Peace Economy Rights Solutions President-Elect Donald Trump #NoDAPL 2016 Key Ballot Issues Election 2016 Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders NAACP's Call for Charter School Moratorium Invites Corporate Criticism Published on Monday, October 17, 2016 by Common Dreams NAACP's Call for Charter School Moratorium Invites Corporate Criticism 'Our decision today is driven by a long held principle and policy of the NAACP that high quality, free, public education should be afforded to all children' by Deirdre Fulton, staff writer 0 Comments "The NAACP's resolution is not inspired by ideological opposition to charter schools but by our historical support of public schools," said NAACP president and CEO Cornell William Brooks. (Photo: alamosbasement/flickr/cc) Despite pressure from corporate media and education reformers, the nation's largest civil rights organization voted on Saturday to approve a resolution calling for a moratorium on charter school expansion at least until issues of non-transparency and inequity are meaningfully addressed. Saturday's vote codified one taken by delegates to the NAACP's national convention in July, and demands a moratorium until: Charter schools are subject to the same transparency and accountability standards as public schools Public funds are not diverted to charter schools at the expense of the public school system Charter schools cease expelling students that public schools have a duty to educate and Charter schools cease to perpetuate de facto segregation of the highest performing children from those whose aspirations may be high but whose talents are not yet as obvious. "The NAACP's resolution is not inspired by ideological opposition to charter schools but by our historical support of public schools—as well as today's data and the present experience of NAACP branches in nearly every school district in the nation," said NAACP president and CEO Cornell William Brooks in a statement. Added Roslyn M. Brock, chairman of the National NAACP Board of Directors: "Our decision today is driven by a long held principle and policy of the NAACP that high quality, free, public education should be afforded to all children." To that end, the NAACP also on Saturday announced the creation of a special task force on education, with the goal of achieving the points laid out in the newly approved resolution. But while such developments should be seen as good news, as historian and teacher John Thompson argued in an op-ed on Sunday, "[t]he bad news is that the call is not universally seen for what it is—a balanced effort to deescalate the education civil war which is disproportionately hurting poor children of color." In fact, the NAACP's resolution seems to have ramped up that war. Before and after the vote, major American newspapers including the New York Times, Washington Post, and Wall Street Journal came out against the resolution—as did a slew of corporate education reform organizations. The Times called the NAACP "misguided" for its stance, while the Post urged the group to "do its homework" and the Journal said voting yes would be "a sellout of the NAACP's founding principles."  But such criticism suggests the newspapers themselves are "misguided and uninformed about what the charter school industry is doing to America's public schools," Steven Rosenfeld wrote for AlterNet. Media outlets' "attempt to influence the NAACP board's vote this weekend reveals that they don't understand or care to understand how the industry is dominated by corporate franchises with interstate ambitions to privatize K-12 schools." He continued: What do the drafters of the NAACP resolution understand that these editorial boards do not? They know that the charter industry was the creation of some of the wealthiest billionaires in America, from the Walton family heirs of the Walmart fortune, to Microsoft's Bill Gates, to Eli Broad, Michael Bloomberg, Reed Hastings, Mark Zuckerberg, and others, including hedge fund investors. These billionaires have pumped billions into creating a new privatized school system where those running schools can profit and evade government oversight. These very rich Americans aren't trying to fix traditional public schools, but create a parallel, privately run system that’s operating in a separate and unequal world inside local school districts. Furthermore, wrote public school teacher and education activist Mercedes Schneider on Sunday: The NAACP charter moratorium is not an "attack." It is accountability. It is not good enough to note that when charters excel, they're great, or tossing off the charters "are far from universally perfect" line (which the NYT does in its op-ed) and that failing charter schools "should be shut down"—another pro-charter, clichéd non-solution that only leads to unnecessary community disruption—disruption that could be curbed if there were stronger controls in place to begin with. As is proven by its "misguided" editorial, the NYT editorial board is reinforcing an out of touch impression, not the NAACP. Noting, as did the NAACP, that traditional public schools are in sore need of improvement, National Education Association president Lily Eskelsen García said the resolution offered a chance to "pause and reassess" with regard to public education. "The chorus of those of us who have been sounding the alarm on the many long-standing structural and governance problems that have plagued charters in recent years is growing. The time is right to pause and reassess," García said a statement. "We strongly support more inclusive and otherwise positive alternatives to charter schools. We should invest in proven strategies—strategies such as smaller class sizes, parental involvement, magnet and community schools—that we know help to improve the success of all of our students.” This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License Share This Article Related Articles The Lawsuit That Could Save the Planet Where to Turn From Birth Control to Passports: Embattled Groups Prepare for Trump 'Turning Point' in Climate Fight as Judge Rules Youth Can Sue U.S. Government More in: U.S. , Education, Children, NAACP, Race, Inequality Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Adam Johnson Polls Showed Sanders Had a Better Shot of Beating Trump–but Pundits Told You to Ignore Them Glenn Greenwald Trump Will Have Vast Powers. He Can Thank Democrats for Them. Alec MacGillis Revenge of the Forgotten Class John Light The Lawsuit That Could Save the Planet Michael Brune Determined, Not Defeated Carl Lindskoog When Trump’s “Deportation Force” Comes for Us, History Can Show Us How to Respond David Smith-Ferri Something to Teach Us About Living Well Olga Bonfiglio The Day After Bernie Sanders Where the Democrats Go From Here Michael Winship Add Nov. 9 to the Mornings I’d Rather Forget Frida Berrigan Confessions of a Lifelong White House Protester Diane Ravitch Richard Kirsch: It Is Always Darkest Just Before the Dawn More Views News That Matters In Wake of Trump Victory, Progressives Urge Democratic Party Overhaul TPP's "Cardiac Arrest": A Lesson for the Challenges of the Trump Years Ahead Protests Head Into Fourth Day as Sanders Urges Trump 'Heed the Views of Progressives' Betraying Water Protectors, Obama Set to Approve Dakota Access Pipeline Amid DNC Reckoning, Ellison Emerges as Progressive Antidote to Trump Naomi Klein Delivers Sydney Peace Prize Lecture Against Backdrop of Trump Win Donald Trump May Choose Bush-Era Torture Architect for CIA Chief Climate Change Has Already Altered Nearly Every Ecosystem on Earth From Birth Control to Passports: Embattled Groups Prepare for Trump Trump and GOP Set to Eviscerate Warren's Consumer Protection Agency More News Further Hallelujah: Not Giving Up As anti-moronic-bigot protests continue and Clinton's popular vote margin climbs toward two million, Saturday Night Live's cold open at the end of a tough week got it hauntingly right. Hear a tearful Kate McKinnon, as Clinton, sing the newly departed Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah” at the piano. Even though it all went wrong, she ends, "I'm not giving up, and neither should you." Many of us are trying. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Alibaba A Bright Spot For Yahoo Amid Recent Headline Woes Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 17, 2016 3:50pm   Comments Share: Related AMZN 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks Transports Week In Review - Transports Come Out As A Big Winner Based On Trump Presidency Perceptions (Seeking Alpha) Related BABA Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Fed's Yellen, Salesforce, Cisco, Retailers Lead Investing Action Plan (Investor's Business Daily) Rob Sanderson of MKM Partners maintains his Buy rating and raised his price target on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) shares by $7 to $51, citing revaluation of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) shares. Yahoo is set to report its third-quarter earnings results on October 18 after the market close. Results will likely be a nonevent for the stock with the acquisition by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) pending and no conference call on the schedule. But, amid the recent negative headlines surrounding Yahoo, Alibaba is the bright spot for the company.   After the core business sale, the value of the stub is driven primarily by tax considerations on the Alibaba stake (67 percent of untaxed SoTP valuation) with smaller consideration for potential tax liability on Yahoo! Japan (14 percent). Related Link: 5 Potential M&A Deals In The Media And Internet Space “The potential $1 billion discount that VZ is reportedly seeking would only equate to about $1 per share, or 2 percent of pre-tax valuation. The potential value of IP is in a similar range and potential upside to our SoTP analysis if/when sold. We do not expect to learn much on tax treatment and therefore see a benign reaction in the shares post-earnings,” Sanderson wrote in a note. During recent meetings with Alibaba senior management, the company said they do not see a tax efficient buy-in of its shares owned by Yahoo. They said if there was a tax-free mechanism, it would have already been done. Any Other Options? Although Alibaba is the natural buyer, Sanderson is not ruling other strategic parties as a 15 percent stake in Asia’s largest commerce platform, public cloud and broad portfolio of assets would attract firms such as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDASQ:GOOG), etc. Alibaba may want to prevent this situation. “The spread between a tax-free and fully taxed distribution of BABA shares is $16 per share to YHOO. We have raised our discount rate from 15 percent to 20 percent as the most logical buyer appears to have low interest at this time,” Sanderson highlighted. Verizon's Security Breach, Lasting Impacts? Verizon’s lawyers are determining if a security breach had a material impact on the business, while Sanderson said a MAC clause trigger is unlikely. “Given the stickiness of Email, and the fact that the breach occurred two years ago, we believe the potential harm to users and advertisers has diminished (unless hackers indeed still have access to YHOO's network),” Sanderson elaborated. Sum-Of-The-Parts Valuation, Justification “Our new SoTP valuation assumes the full $4.8 billion purchase price for core Yahoo! or $5 per share, with $33 per share from BABA at the current stock price (with a 20 percent discount for taxes and liquidity), $6 from Yahoo! Japan (fully taxed) and $7 of net cash,” Sanderson added. The analyst, who has a price objective of $130 per share on Alibaba, said assuming a fully taxed Alibaba and a fully taxed YV (at 40 percent on gains above the cost basis), this would imply a 20 percent return in Yahoo shares. Sanderson continued that the returns would be same in the event of a tax shelter of 500bps (i.e., from 40 percent to 35 percent). “After that, every 100bps of incremental tax shelter would drive 120bps of outperformance in the YHOO stub, all else equal,” Sanderson added. At time of writing, shares of Yahoo were up 0.94 percent to $41.83. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for AMZN Date Firm Action From To Nov 2016 Axiom Capital Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for AMZN View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Price Target Previews Reiteration M&A Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + BABA) 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks Alibaba's President Talks US-China Relations Under A Trump Administration Technical Alert: Alibaba Lower Despite Record Singles Day Sales View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on AMZN Trending Recent 1 JDST, GDX: Gold Is Tumbling On Expectations Of Rising Interest Rates, Lowest Level... 2 DISCA, T: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move And It Could... 3 TSLA, MSFT: Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks 4 NVDA, TSLA: NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Helps It Rema... 5 FR, MQTRF: Marijuana Legalization And A Repub... 6 TREE, AMZN: 'Trump And Dump... 7 IEP, PEP: Here's What... 1 TREE, GOOGL: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 CMCSA, CBS: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 SNE, FOX: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOGL, GOOG: YouTube's CEO On Why The Vid... 7 APHQF, TWMJF: Marijuana Legalizatio... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products JPMorgan Is 'The LeBron James Of Banking' Advanced Micro Devices' Improved Near-Term Sales Trends Earn It An Oppenheimer Upgrade
58F Gallery E-edition Archives November 13, 2016 Home News Education RCHS 50th Local Police Logs News Briefs Community History Kids & Pets Magnified Event Calendar Letters Obituaries Rohnert Park-Cotati Library Sports Sonoma State Rancho Cotate Lawrence E. Jones Sportsmens Report Other Sports Technology Columns Jud Snyder Thomas D. Elias George Malkemus Scott Sheldon Ken Weise Julie Ann Soukoulis Steven Campbell Lifestyle Engagement Weddings Birth Announcements Entertainment Health Homes Business Real Estate Finance Rohnert Park Dept. of Public Safety officers Bryce Frazer, Matt Hayes, Lee Cooper, Matt Snograss and Britney Hawks had coffee with Jessica Carter, her 2-year-old son Avery and 4-year-old daughter Sofia, and Robert (AKA Batman) at the Coffee with a Cop event hosted by the RPDPS at Raley?s Tuesday morning. Photo by Robert Grant December 31, 1969 Featured Columns Jud Snyder Coffeegrounds “I JUST REMEMBERED today is Armistice Day, Nov. 11, and I wonder how many celebrations are being held in the small towns we used to live in back then,” the Hinebaugh Creek Philosopher said with a slight resemblance of nostalgia across his grizzled cheeks. “Nobody seems to even talk much about them.” Continue Reading Thomas D. Elias California Focus Even in the midst of the heated presidential campaign, two news stories about alleged corruption in California government managed to draw significant headlines and public attention. Continue Reading More Features News RSS Feed E-edition Archives Subscribe History The Voice Newstands Contact About Us Mission Statement Adjudication Home News Sports Business Community Columns Lifestyle Privacy ©2016 The Community Voice. Website Design by Techeffex
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 158,280 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 125,283 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie 81,986 Broken engagement leads to lawsuit over $125K diamond ring 51,850 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 35,058 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 33,555 Trump to a divided America: 'Don't be afraid' Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Target isn’t clowning around this Halloween By Nick Fugallo and Sophia Rosenbaum View author archive Get author RSS feed View author archive email the author Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) October 17, 2016 | 2:13pm | Updated October 17, 2016 | 2:23pm Modal Trigger Photo: Shutterstock More On: clowns Parents worried about creepy clowns plan to carry guns trick-or-treating Clowns gather to shed 'evil' reputation Boy arrested after stabbing teen in clown prank gone wrong Why I worry about my kid at a hypersensitive PC college Target wants to put an end to the clown craze — pulling many of its red-nosed masks from the shelves ahead of Halloween. The retail giant said Monday it would stop selling clown costumes due to the spate of violence connected with people dressed up as the circus figures. “Given the current environment, we have made the decision to remove a variety of clown masks from our assortment, both in stores and online,” Target spokesman Joshua Thomas said in a statement. There weren’t any clown costumes available at the Richmond Avenue Target in Staten Island Monday — where numerous managers said they hadn’t seen any arrive on a recent Halloween shipment. Some customers were annoyed that they no longer had the option to dress up as a clown. “I understand why they’re doing it. These maniacs running with knives have turned good into bad,” said Richard Trantino, 70. “Now everyone suffers.” It is unclear whether other major retailers such as Walmart will also purge their stock of clown masks and costumes. Target’s decision follows McDonald’s announcement last week that it was benching its goofy scarlet-haired mascot, Ronald, for the foreseeable future. A McDonald’s spokesperson said the fast-food chain is “being thoughtful in respect to Ronald McDonald’s participant in community events for the time being.” Troublemakers wearing creepy clown getups have sparked chaos across the country — and abroad — in recent weeks. Some just eerily popped up on college campuses and small upstate New York towns while others have actually threatened innocent civilians, including one creep in the Big Apple who chased a 16-year-old straphanger getting off the 6 train with a knife. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under clowns ,  halloween ,  halloween costumes ,  target Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Ex-Port Authority exec blames Bridgegate on feds' witness Read Next Ex-Port Authority exec blames Bridgegate on feds' witness Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 3 Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter 4 Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences 5 Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders 6 White House open to a Clinton pardon Share Selection Trending Now in News 156,141 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 124,305 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie 80,590 Broken engagement leads to lawsuit over $125K diamond ring Now On Is Bill Cosby’s blindness just an act? Lorraine Bracco prefers skateboards as art Trump stocks cabinet with longtime friends SEE ALL Now On Alec Baldwin Is A No Show On 'SNL', Backs Down From Trump SEE ALL Most Popular This Week The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the... Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences More Stories pagesix Why celebrity endorsements didn't help Hillary at all Now On Decider Kate McKinnon's "Hallelujah" Cover On 'SNL' Strikes A Chord nypost Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Save big on kitchen gadgets with $20 off a stand mixer and sous vide for $129 From Home Deals: We round up the latest deals on kitchen gadgets -- and save $30 with a refurbished Amazon Echo. Save big on kitchen gadgets with $20 off a stand mixer and sous vide for $129 0 Share: Appliances by Richard Baguley October 17, 2016 9:51 AM PDT Up Next Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home Welcome to Home Deals, where we pick out the best deals on things you need for your home, garden and beyond. Like our cousin, the Cheapskate, we'll give you a regular selection of smoking-hot deals, but we'll cover things like lawn mowers, kitchen gadgets, smart home hubs and anything else your home or garden requires. Save big on big mixers A big-ass stand mixer is a kitchen essential, but there's no need to spend a fortune to get serious about mixing. Amazon is offering the KitchenAid KSM150PSER 5-quart stand mixer for $279.99 (original MSRP $530). That's $20 less than a very similar model, the KSM153PS, that JCPenny has on sale for $299.99. JCPenny, however, has free shipping on anything over $99 at the moment, so that might tip the balance if you aren't an Amazon Prime member. When you want to start adding features to either of these powerful mixers, check out the three-attachment pack that Sur La Table has for $129.95, which includes a grinder, shredder and vegetable strainer. And use the coupon code SHIPFREE for free shipping on that last one. Warm the wallet with cheap sous-vide The Anova Culinary WiFi sous vide cooker, now available for $169. Sous vide is a relatively new form of cooking that uses warm water instead of flames or hot air. It can do some fun stuff, like make awesome scrambled eggs or a perfect rib-eye steak. It doesn't have to be expensive, either: Amazon has the Anova Culinary sous vide precision cooker on sale, with the 800W Bluetooth model for $129 and the slightly newer (and 900W) Wi-Fi model for $169. We tested the WiFi model recently, and found that it "makes it easy to sous vide from afar, thanks to a response app that the company keeps improving. This is a good product to add to your kitchen drawer." I'd recommend the cheaper Bluetooth model, as the bigger heater of the Wi-Fi model doesn't make that much difference in use. And with $30 in savings, it leaves more money to buy more kitchen gadgets. You can get a lot for $30, such as this nifty little Hamilton Bleach hand blender for $19 at Walmart, or (if you hurry: this is a limited time Gold Box deal) a high-end T-fal electric kettle from Amazon for $19.99. Or you could get a Skyroku digital food scale that can measure as much as 3 kilograms (6.6 pounds) for $12.79 from Amazon. Sous vide is on fire, just not in the US KitchenAid announced the update of its three-part sous-vide cooking system. But the appliance manufacturer says the US isn't ready for the Chef Touch Sous Vide Collection. by Ashlee Clark Thompson 1:29 Close Drag Refurb of the week: Save $30 on an Amazon Echo Cooking is much more fun if you can listen to some tunes while slicing, and the Amazon Echo lets you choose music from many sources by voice. The Echo usually costs $179.99, but you can pick up a refurbished one for $149.99, a savings of $30. Because you can control it with your voice, it's perfect for using while cooking, as you can skip tracks or change genres with just a few words. Those links again KitchenAid 5-quart stand mixer for $279.99 KitchenAid stand mixer accessory 3-pack for $129.95 Anova Culinary sous vide Bluetooth cooker for $129 Tags Appliances Related Stories Cheap coffee makers, bulk coffee pods and $500 off one-button espresso Save big on these smart home bundles, security systems Panasonic's home of the future will blow your mind 25 unusual things you can clean in the dishwasher Close   Discuss: Save big on kitchen gadgets with $20 off... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Thanksgiving 2016 store hours: Macy's to open an hour earlier on the holiday Macy's A Macy's location, see in a file photo. Stores will open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving this year. (Paul Sakuma | The Associated Press) Print Email Kevin Tampone | ktampone@syracuse.com By Kevin Tampone | ktampone@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 17, 2016 at 1:30 PM comments In case you thought the retail world was really about to turn its back completely on Thanksgiving store hours, here comes Macy's. The department store chain will not only stick with its Thanksgiving hours, but push openings even earlier in 2016. Stores will open at 5 p.m. this year, an hour earlier than a year ago. BestBlackFriday.com reported the news yesterday and the Associated Press confirmed it. Most Macy's locations will close at 2 a.m. and then reopen at 5 a.m. on Black Friday. "We are working diligently to staff Thanksgiving with associates who volunteer," Macy's said in a statement to AP. "Doing so means that our employees are able to make their own decisions about how they contribute to our most important and busiest weekend of the year." Most of the big Black Friday heavyweights have yet to announce their plans, but it would be surprising if names like Target, Best Buy and Wal-Mart shifted course on Thanksgiving hours at this point. Mall of America made a bit of a splash with its decision to stay at least partially closed on the holiday this year. Regional mall owner CBL & Associates announced a similar move last week. Office Depot also defected, switching to Black Friday-only hours this year. But most of the names on those lists floating around of stores closed on Thanksgiving have been shut on the holiday for years. That's not a knock, but it's not like retailers are making a giant shift here. Still, the fact that anyone is changing course is notable and it's a trend worth watching as the season moves along. Stay tuned. Contact Kevin Tampone anytime: Email | Twitter | Google + | 315-454-2112 Sign up for the Store Front newsletter Our reporters bring you the latest retail news from around Syracuse and Central New York. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing to Store Front! The Store Front newsletter is delivered each week on Wednesday. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Find&Save Great sales at CNY stores Find specials at Syracuse-area retailers, check local ads and weekly circulars, and share your favorite deals. ... Find deals» Related Topics Business Finder: Shopping, services, dining & more Classifieds: Items for sale, garage sales, autos & more Syracuse and Central New York business news Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Edgefield County car chase suspect captured - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Edgefield County car chase suspect captured 2016-10-17T17:17:36Z2016-10-17T22:13:18Z By J. Bryan Randall, Digital Content Manager Email Connect jrandall@wfxg.com Follow @JBRandallWFXG Darin Montgomery (Edgefield County Detention Center) AIKEN COUNTY, SC (WFXG) - A chase that began in North Augusta Monday afternoon ended with the suspect abandoning the vehicle. According to Capt. Eric Abdullah with the Aiken County Sheriff's Office, the chase began on Hwy. 25 in front of Walmart when a deputy spotted a 2015 Acura that had been reported stolen by the car's on-board computer, a system similar to On-Star. The pursuit led into Edgefield County. The suspect wrecked the vehicle in the woods near Rainbow Falls Road and took off on foot. Deputies were able to find the suspect, now identified as Darin Montgomery. He is currently being held at the Edgefield County Detention Center. Copyright 2016 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> 2016 General Election Results 2016 General Election Results Below, you will find the results from the 2016 General Election which will decide, among many other things, the next president of the United States. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. and results will update every five minutes. More >> Below, you will find the results from the 2016 General Election which will decide, among many other things, the next president of the United States. Polls close at 7:00 p.m. and results will update every five minutes.More >> Morning Motivation: Today is a new day! Morning Motivation: Today is a new day! Updated: Tuesday, November 1 2016 11:13 PM EDT2016-11-02 03:13:07 GMT So many of us wake up carrying the burdens of the day before. I am here to tell you - it's a new day. More >> So many of us wake up carrying the burdens of the day before. I am here to tell you - it's a new day.More >> Columbia County Fair canceled Sunday Columbia County Fair canceled Sunday Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 8:39 PM EST2016-11-14 01:39:41 GMT Columbia County Fair (Source: WFXG) The Merchants Association of Columbia County has announced that the Columbia County Fair will be canceled on Sunday, November 13. Sunday was the last scheduled day of the fair this year. More >> The Merchants Association of Columbia County has announced that the Columbia County Fair will be canceled on Sunday, November 13. Sunday was the last scheduled day of the fair this year. More >> New Ellenton woman dead after weekend crash New Ellenton woman dead after weekend crash Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 8:12 PM EST2016-11-14 01:12:25 GMT Source: WFXG A one vehicle crash near New Ellenton has left one woman dead. The Aiken County Coroner says a 2006 Toyota Tundra with two people in it was driving south on Woodland Drive when the driver ran off the roadway, overcorrected, and struck a large tree on the passenger side of the vehicle.   More >> A one vehicle crash near New Ellenton has left one woman dead. The Aiken County Coroner says a 2006 Toyota Tundra with two people in it was driving south on Woodland Drive when the driver ran off the roadway, overcorrected, and struck a large tree on the passenger side of the vehicle.  More >> Single-vehicle crash causes woman to be ejected through window Single-vehicle crash causes woman to be ejected through window Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 4:43 PM EST2016-11-13 21:43:22 GMT Aiken County Crash (Source: WFXG) The Center Fire Department says a single-vehicle crash on Wire Road and Camp Long road has caused a woman to be ejected through the back window. The Fire Department says the crash happened at around 3:20 pm.  More >> The Center Fire Department says a single-vehicle crash on Wire Road and Camp Long road has caused a woman to be ejected through the back window. The Fire Department says the crash happened at around 3:20 pm. More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Law & Disorder / Civilization & Discontents Court: It’s entirely reasonable for police to swipe a suspicious gift card Two men pulled over in Texas were found with 143 gift cards and no receipt. by Cyrus Farivar - Oct 17, 2016 4:36 pm UTC Login to bookmark 129 401(K) 2012 A US federal appeals court has found that law enforcement can, without a warrant, swipe credit cards and gift cards to reveal the information encoded on the magnetic stripe. It's the third such federal appellate court to reach this conclusion. Last week, the 5th US Circuit Court of Appeals found in favor of the government in United States v. Turner, establishing that it was entirely reasonable for Texas police officers to scan approximately 100 gift cards found in a car that was pulled over at a traffic stop. Like the previous similar 8th Circuit case that Ars covered in June 2016, the defendants challenged the search of the gift cards as being unreasonable. (The second case was from the 3rd Circuit in July 2015, in a case known as US v. Bah.) In this case, after pulling over the car and running the IDs of both men, police found that there was an outstanding warrant for the passenger, Courtland Turner. When Turner was told to get out of the car and was placed in the patrol car, the officer returned to the stopped car and noticed an “opaque plastic bag partially protruding from the front passenger seat,” as if someone had tried to push it under the seat to keep it hidden. The cop then asked the driver, Broderick Henderson, what was in the bag. Henderson replied that they had bought gift cards. When the officer then asked if he had receipts for them, Henderson replied that they had “bought the gift cards from another individual who sells them to make money.” As the 5th Circuit summarized: After conferring with other officers about past experiences with stolen gift cards, the officer seized the gift cards as evidence of suspected criminal activity. Henderson was ticketed for failing to display a driver’s license and signed an inventory sheet that had an entry for 143 gift cards. Turner was arrested pursuant to his warrant. The officer, without obtaining a search warrant, swiped the gift cards with his in-car computer. Unable to make use of the information shown, the officer turned the gift cards over to the Secret Service. A subsequent scan of the gift cards revealed that at least forty-three were altered, meaning the numbers encoded in the card did not match the numbers printed on the card. The investigating officer also contacted the stores where the gift cards were purchased—a grocery store and a Walmart in Bryan, Texas provided photos of Henderson and Turner purchasing gift cards. Turner's lawyers later challenged the scanning, arguing that this "search" of these gift cards went against their client's "reasonable expectation of privacy," an argument that neither the district court nor the appellate court found convincing. The 5th Circuit also noted that while users have the “ability to re-encode the cards,” citing a device for sale on Amazon, the “time and expense it takes to purchase and use a re-encoding device to change at most a few lines of characters means it will rarely be worth doing for a lawful purpose.” Expand full story Reader comments 129 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Cyrus Farivar / Cyrus is the Senior Business Editor at Ars Technica, and is also a radio producer and author. His first book, The Internet of Elsewhere, was published in April 2011.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
News Stocks Technology Healthcare Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsAmazon (AMZN) Stock Short Interest Spikes Eclipsing $5 Billion Amazon (AMZN) Stock Short Interest Spikes Eclipsing $5 Billion Don't hit that short button just yet though. Betting against Jeff Bezos and a company with enduring growth prospects such as a Amazon has rarely been a way to make money. October 17, 2016 WSP Amazon.com‘s (NASDAQ:AMZN) march back to record highs began in late March 2015 and has been a fairly steady climb since that time. Shares of the e-commerce giant proceeded to hit a new all-time high of $844.36 on Oct. 5 and have gained nearly 22 percent since January 1st. The stock is currently up nearly 430 points y/y, or 106%, at $823 as of Friday’s close, adding more than $230 billion to the company’s market cap. However, a recent short interest report from financial analytics firm S3 Partners shows a sharp increase in short interest for shares of the online retailer. As of last week, AMZN’s short dollars jumped to $5.3 billion, marking the first time that figure has ever eclipsed $5 billion, according to the report. It should be noted though that this was not unexpected. Short interest data for the Sept. 15 –  Sept. 30 settlement period also indicated a significant increase in short interest for shares of Amazon. As of Sept. 30, bets placed in favor of Amazon stock heading south jumped by nearly 30%, totaling more than 5.8 million shares. If short interest is on the rise, then this could be an indication the Street expects a deterioration in the stock’s price-per-share. “They’re seeing an overheated stock,” Ihor Dusaniwsky, head of research at New York-based S3 told CNBC, noting that “There’s serious conviction that Amazon is going to pause and reverse course temporarily coming into the end of the year.” While technically speaking Dusaniwsky may have a point given Amazon shares look a bit toppy here, especially if they print above $850, which is a level that should cause a short-term trend change from bullish to sideways, investors who buy AMZN short may get burned if they bet long-term not only against Jeff Bezos, but also his fast-growing company, a company worth noting with enduring growth prospects. Despite’s Amazon’s soaring stock price, the fact is its surge has been driven by a trailing 12-month revenue growth of 26% ; strong performance in the company’s fast-growing A.W.S. cloud division, which is now on track to bring in more than $10 billion a year in revenue ; new services launched including Amazon Music Unlimited, a standalone music streaming service to compete with established streaming services like Apple Music (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Spotify, as well as plans to hire 120,000 temporary workers, a 20% increase from last year. Additionally, the e-commerce giant has unprecedented scale, and is highly differentiated from other mega retailers, such as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) and Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST). Let’s not forget here also the earnings performance aspect. Amazon has beaten estimates in six out of the last seven quarters with an average positive earnings surprise of 2.88 percent. This is a particularly timely topic because Amazon reports third-quarter results after market close on Thursday, October 27. The Street is looking for EPS of $0.80 and revenue of $32.69 billion. Last quarter, the $387 billion market cap Seattle-based company posted a significant positive earnings surprise of 60.36%, reporting EPS of $1.78, $0.67 better than the Street’s consensus estimate of $1.11. Revenue increased 31.15% year-over-year to $30.4 billion versus the $23.18 billion reported. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $0.93 per share. Investors and momentum traders can look for more color on the company’s business when the results go live. AMZN Previous article Next article Related Articles News Amazon (AMZN) Brings in El Cheapo Music in the Streaming Segment – With Strings Attached August 24, 2016 WSP Business Uber Could Be Worth $12 Billion May 26, 2014 WSP Business Amazon’s (AMZN) New Tactic In An Old Fight July 28, 2011 Larry M. Elkin Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest Falling Apps Or Rising Bots: Which Will Prevail? November 13, 2016 AI: One of the Biggest Threats to the Future of Humanity November 13, 2016 The Missing Ingredient That Can Help Cars Fly November 13, 2016 The Map That Can Change The World November 12, 2016 Coming Soon: Print Your Own Organs November 12, 2016 Markets SPY 216.42 -0.50 -0.23% Nikkei 17521.91 +147.12 +0.85% UK 6730.43 -97.55 -1.43% France 4489.27 -41.68 -0.92% Germany 10667.95 +37.83 +0.36% EUR / USD 1.0807 -0.0045 -0.41% GBP / USD 1.2554 -0.0041 -0.33% CAD / USD 0.7382 -0.0006 -0.08% AUD / USD 0.7530 -0.0011 -0.15% Oil Fut 43.59 -1.07 -2.40% Gold Fut 1226.00 -40.40 -3.19% Editor’s Picks The Matrix is Real and We’re All Robot Grub October 9, 2016 Beyond Software, Microsoft Wants to “Solve” Cancer (MSFT) September 21, 2016 Amazon’s Daring Move Could Mean the End of Cable Subscriptions (AMZN) September 19, 2016 Microsoft Plans to Turn the Seas into Giant Data Centers (MSFT) September 18, 2016 How Virtual Reality Gave Me My Brain Back (Samsung VR) August 14, 2016 Three Reasons Why a Tax on Wall Street Trades Can Be a Good Idea August 10, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2016 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Business Saving Money When your favorite Black Friday 2016 ads will arrive Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Trump tweets dig at New York Times: Will he quit Twitter as president? From protest to action: what is the Trump opposition planning? Why a third of Clinton supporters say Trump's victory is illegitimate Can Trump's children serve both his transition team and his business? No two Black Fridays are alike, and there's always something that comes out of left field. But generally, this is what you can expect.  By Rebecca Lehmann, Brad's Deals October 17, 2016 Save for later Saved Customers shop at Walmart's Black Friday event in 2015 in Rogers, Ark. Gunnar Rathbun/Invision for Walmart/AP Images/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of If you're already chomping at the bit to start planning your Black Friday shopping, you're not alone! Here's when we expect to see the Black Friday ads from your favorite stores come out. Before we get into our predictions, there are a important points to keep in mind. All dates we give are estimates. We've got a lot of data about when we've seen Black Friday ads leak in the past, and we've got enough experience covering Black Friday news that we're pretty good at giving that data a gut check. However, no two Black Fridays are alike, and there's always something that comes out of left field to surprise us. In other words, if we're wrong, please be gentle! Recommended: Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. True Black Friday ad leaks are increasingly rare. The ugly, unvarnished truth about ad leaks is that they are nearly always theft. Someone swipes a copy off the printer for some cash under the table, a disgruntled employee ships an unfinished copy off to a friend who puts it on a website somewhere. The trouble with these leaks for Black Friday shoppers is that they're sometimes unfinished copies and thus can't always be trusted to be accurate. Since the rise of Black Friday websites, most retailers have tightened up the security of their ad creation process, and leaks are happening a lot less often than they used to. Test your knowledge Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. Photos of the Day Photos of the Weekend I'll take this opportunity to note that Brad's Deals takes copyright seriously – we never pay for leaked Black Friday ads, and although we may occasionally publish a leak, we only do so for retailers who allow it. Election Day could throw a wrench in everyone's plans. The upcoming election undoubtedly will have the entire country's undivided attention on November 8th. Just about all other news that comes out that day will be buried, lost, and wholly ignored by, well, everyone. It will be a black hole for anyone with something to promote. That effectively takes Election Day off the table as a serious possibility for any new Black Friday ads, even if a retailer has published on that day in the past. We believe that Monday and Wednesday are much more likely. Phew! Okay! That was a lot of notes. On to our predictions! Let's go! Best Buy Black Friday Ad ETA: Wednesday November 9, 2016 Leak Potential: Low For the last few years, the  Best Buy Black Friday ad has not leaked ahead of its intended publication date. Look for it to arrive online around November 9th, with paper copies showing up in newspapers that weekend. Check out our  Best Buy Black Friday predictions to learn more about what you can expect from the ad. Home Depot Black Friday Ad ETA: Thursday November 26, 2016 Leak Potential: Zero Home Depot famously sends out preemptive "cease and desist" letters that threaten sites like ours with legal action should we publish their ad before its official publication. For us, that means that even if someone sends a leaked copy to us we won't be putting it up on the site until then. (Darn those pesky lawyers...) The  Home Depot Black Friday ad is always published on Thanksgiving Day, the day before their Black Friday sale, so in this case our ETA is pretty much set in stone. Kohl's Black Friday Ad ETA: Monday November 7, 2016 Leak Potential: Low-Medium Last year, Kohl's gave their ad to some of the websites that cover Black Friday a few days ahead of its official launch date and foolishly trusted them not to leak it early. It leaked anyway, of course. Having been burned, I don't expect to see the  Kohl's Black Friday ad this year before its publication date, usually right around Election Day. Look for it to drop on Monday or Wednesday that week. We've published more Kohl's Black Friday predictions if you want to go deeper. Macy's Black Friday Ad ETA: Tuesday November 1, 2016 Leak Potential: High In all of the years that we've been watching Black Friday, there has never been a year when the  Macy's Black Friday ad wasn't leaked. In fact, it's usually the first ad to arrive from a major store. That leak usually happens right around November 1st. Sears Black Friday Ad ETA: Saturday November 12, 2016 Leak Potential: High Sears is another retailer that tends to leak like a sieve. Hardly a year goes by when we don't receive an anonymous copy of the  Sears Black Friday ad from a throwaway email account. In 2015, Sears managed to keep it under control, and we were able to work with their team to leak it exclusively to our readers one day early. That said, Sears doesn't yet have the same aura of process security that other retailers have achieved, and we think the potential for an uncontrolled leak is probably still pretty high. JCPenney Black Friday Ad ETA: Monday November 7, 2016 Leak Potential: Low JCPenney is another store that hasn't seen a true ad leak in several years, so we'll be waiting until it's officially released. There's a presidential election right smack of the middle of their usual release schedule, and we think the brass will be smart enough to avoid dropping the  JCPenney Black Friday ad on Election Day. Kmart Black Friday Ad ETA: Wednesday November 9, 2016 Leak Potential: Low You'd expect that the  Kmart Black Friday ad would leak right along side of Sears, given that they're two branches of the same company. Surprisingly, that's not the case. Kmart ads tend to show up around the same time every year, roughly two weeks before Thanksgiving. Target Black Friday Ad ETA: Monday November 7, 2016 Leak Potential: Low Although it has leaked in years past, for the last few Target has managed to keep it under wraps until they dropped it themselves. It seems as though they've gotten their process locked down, so a leak in 2016 would be unexpected to say the least. Look for the  Target Black Friday ad to arrive right around Election Day, and check out our  Target Black Friday predictions in the meantime. Toys R Us Black Friday Ad ETA: Saturday November 12, 2016 Leak Potential: Medium The timing of the  Toys R Us Black Friday ad has never really been all that consistent. However, for the last two years it's shown up the weekend before Thanksgiving and we think that's a pretty fair bet for 2016 as well. Walmart Black Friday Ad ETA: Friday November 11, 2016 Leak Potential: Low-Medium In the past, I would have said you were crazy if you thought the  Walmart Black Friday ad might be leaked. Like Home Depot, their lawyers have always sent preemptive don't-even-think-about-it letters and let's face it, no one wants to fight Walmart. But last year, Walmart's Black Friday marketing was uncharacteristically disorganized, the letter never came, and without a legal threat in place the ad did leak – albeit just one hour before it was published officially. Will Walmart return to form for Black Friday 2016? It's anyone's guess, really. Even if they don't, anyone sitting on a leak might still hesitate after so many years of being warned against it. We've also heard rumors that the printed version of Walmart's Black Friday ad is pretty much the last one off the presses, making an early leak even more unlikely. But if you're curious about what to expect from the ad itself, check out our  Walmart Black Friday predictions. This article first appeared in Brad's Deals. The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best personal finance bloggers out there. Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs. To contact us about a blogger,  click here. To add or view a comment on a guest blog, please go to the blogger's own site by clicking on the link in the blog description box above. Next up Test your knowledge Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. Saving Money What to expect from Walmart's Black Friday sale Saving Money Mall of America closed for Thanksgiving: Will big box stores follow suit? Saving Money Black Friday 2016 is a great time to buy laptops Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 How Americans are handling post-election hate GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Cover Story Why climate change divides us The president is commander in chief? Yes, but it's complicated What Democrats can learn from Hillary's loss Popular Now Hillary Clinton widens lead in popular vote: Does it matter? First Look KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? First Look Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results   Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Weekend Latest News Trump tweets dig at New York Times: Will he quit Twitter as president? Doing Good Difference Maker A Denver native brings the vast outdoors to at-risk youths Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Automotive Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Northwest Editorials from around Oregon Editorials from around Oregon Published on October 17, 2016 7:51AM Last changed on October 17, 2016 11:43AM Selected editorials from Oregon newspapers: The (Salem) Statesman Journal, Oct. 15, on choosing Oregon's next governor: Kate Brown deserves two more years to show Oregonians what she is capable of as governor. Brown, who was then secretary of state, ascended to the governorship last year after Gov. John Kitzhaber resigned. Now Oregonians will decide at the Nov. 8 election whether Democrat Brown or Republican Bud Pierce should serve the final two years of Kitzhaber's term. Three lesser-known candidates also are on the ballot. In many ways, Brown and Pierce are closely matched. Both are longtime leaders in their respective circles, Brown in Democratic politics and Pierce in the medical community. Both are known for being thoughtful, approachable and compassionate. Both talk about the importance of improving education, the economy and transportation. Kate Brown's strengths A governor serves as Oregon's CEO, and perhaps that is Brown's signature accomplishment. When she took office, she found weak management in numerous agencies, especially the sprawling Department of Human Services. Brown painstakingly changed leadership at 14 agencies, moving successful administrators into higher profile jobs  such as at DHS and the Department of Administrative Services  and recruiting new leadership from around the country. In doing so, she has diversified state management, appointing more women and people of color. Brown has shown that she can learn on the job: to focus her priorities instead of trying to do everything, and to recruit legislative champions to promote her ideas in the Legislature. Her personable nature is a tremendous asset. People  including her political opponents  like her, regardless of whether they agree with her. She and her husband, first gentleman Dan Little, have fit in well in Salem, living in the governor's official mansion much of the time. Brown is much more liberal than Kitzhaber and more cautious. The cautiousness might not be bad, given how many big ventures  from health care to education  the state has wound up undoing. Her weaknesses Brown has shown little inclination to stand up to liberal Democrats in the Legislature, who steamrolled the minority Republicans on energy, firearms, workplace and other issues. That does not bode well for Brown's being a governor for all of Oregon,rural as well as urban. She has shown little ability to achieve pragmatic political compromises. Examples include the failure of a transportation funding package in the Legislature and the largest tax increase in Oregon history being put on the Nov. 8 general election ballot. Unlike Pierce, Brown supports that Measure 97, which we believe would be destructive to Oregon's economy and further cement Oregon's reputation as an anti-business state. Bud Pierce's strengths Brown's main challenger, Dr. William "Bud" Pierce, is a longtime Salem resident. He is a senior partner of Hematology/Oncology of Salem, which has 75 employees and four clinic sites. Pierce and his wife, Selma, are well-known for their volunteerism and philanthropy. He is a past president of the Oregon Medical Association and other organizations. This is his first run for public office, but he says his medical leadership has taught him the ways of politics. His background in science  he has a Ph.D. in experimental pathology along with his medical degree  has steeped him in analyzing problems and finding solutions. Pierce combines fiscal conservatism with a passion for addressing society's ills. Homelessness is a genuine issue for him, reflecting his theme of improving economic opportunity for all Oregonians. Republicans have a tough time winning statewide office in Oregon. It's not just that they are outnumbered by Democrats, as well as by other non-Republican voters, but the Republican campaign infrastructure has withered during years of unsuccessful statewide candidacies. By running a strong campaign, Pierce can help rebuild that infrastructure. His weaknesses Pierce faces the same challenge as past candidates who came from outside the political realm: Experience in politics and in government trumps inexperience. Good ideas alone are not enough to carry the day. Oregonians have been burned by grand ideas that lacked substance. They want to know specifics and how those ideas actually will be implemented. Moving state bureaucracy forward is a constant challenge, as Brown knows from her years in the legislative and executive branches. But until Wednesday, when Pierce outlined his proposed state budget, he had talked more in broad themes than in specifics. Pierce also stumbled badly in a recent debate with Brown when discussing domestic violence and sexual assault. Although his comments were misinterpreted, he showed little understanding of two societal issues that have been widely discussed in the Mid-Valley. A series of apologies followed across several days, starting with one in which he appeared to put the blame on people for "taking my comments the wrong way" instead of assuming full responsibility himself. This episode raised concerns about his political awareness, and it factored into the Statesman Journal Editorial Board's decision to endorse Brown. The bottom line This election is to choose a governor for the next two years. Neither candidate has shown himself or herself to be the inspirational, visionary leader around whom Oregonians will rally. Pierce faces a steep learning curve. That takes time. Brown has been solid, making major mistakes  her support of Measure 97 being one  although she has not been as centrist as Oregon needs. It makes sense for Oregonians to capitalize on Gov. Kate Brown's experience for the next two years instead of starting over. Where they stand Democrat Kate Brown's top three issues: -A seamless system of education. -Ensuring Oregon thrives economically. -Healthy, safe communities. Republican Bud Pierce's top three issues: -K-12 education reform. -Rural poverty. -Diminishing homelessness ___ The Daily Astorian, Oct. 14, on the corporate tax measure: Measure 97 is on the ballot because Oregon governors and legislators past and present failed to do their jobs, and now voters must decide whether to approve the largest and most controversial tax increase in state history. If approved, the enticing but misleading measure would create a 2.5 percent tax on the gross sales of "C'' corporations exceeding $25 million. It would generate an estimated $3 billion per year. According to the ballot measure, the money would be intended for schools, health care and senior citizens. Nobody disagrees that we need to revamp our flagging education system, improve health care, help our senior citizens and to solve the serious crisis in funding public employee retirements. But Measure 97 isn't the way to accomplish those goals. The measure is severely flawed and could create just as many problems as it tries to solve. Voters should see through the misleading claims of its union-backed supporters and soundly defeat this proposal. The gross receipts tax is a tax on sales, not profits, and in reality is a regressive, hidden sales tax that will greatly impact Oregon consumers  and, most of all  low-income residents who can least afford it. Because it taxes only sales, it could wipe out the profit of businesses that generate high sales but low margins. Grocery stores, for example, typically have margins of only 2 percent or less. The measure's backers assert the tax will only affect about 1,000 large out-of-state corporations like Comcast and Walmart that don't pay their fair share in Oregon. What's not in their message, though, is that those 1,000 corporations account for 88 percent of all retail sales in Oregon. And all businesses in Oregon, not just those that fall under the tax, will feel the sting of this badly conceived measure. Businesses will see costs rise because their supplies and services, including electricity and other utilities, will go up in price. That will potentially happen at each step of the supply chain as goods go from manufacturer to retailer to consumer and the effect could far exceed the 2.5 percent the tax would generate. Measure 97 supporters also say the companies will simply absorb the higher taxes and won't pass it on by increasing prices or lowering expenses by cutting jobs. At best that's terribly naive and more likely just disingenuous. Company shareholders expect returns to grow, not decrease, and it will result in increased prices all along the line. That makes the measure a hidden sales tax. It will have an impact on goods and services Oregonians purchase every day, including groceries and medicines that most sales taxes exempt. The Legislative Revenue Office, a nonpartisan state agency, estimated the increase would be about $600 more a year in taxes per Oregonian. The revenue office's study also projects the measure would cost 38,000 private-sector jobs during a 10-year period, while a study commissioned by supporters says it will only cost 13,000 jobs. That same study says public-sector jobs would grow by 33,000 during the same period. In either event, growing public-sector jobs at the expense of the private sector is not good economic development policy. Additionally, the revenue office study points out that the ballot-measure language does not ensure the revenue would be used for its intended purposes. By law, the money would go into the state's general fund, and the Legislature can use the revenue directly or indirectly for other uses such as funding the Public Employees Retirement System. We know our local schools are not adequately funded, and our students deserve better. We also know health care costs will rise, and we know the state signed a contract  an unaffordable one, perhaps, but still a contract  with state employees. The state needs to find ways to increase and stabilize revenue streams, but a big no-strings-attached money grab bag is not the answer. Voters should defeat this measure, then hold legislators and the governor accountable for getting business and labor together. Once at the same table, they shouldn't leave until we have a plan for stable funding for Oregon schools and health care programs. Measure 97 isn't the answer. ___ The East Oregonian, Oct. 11, on criminal justice reform: It's a notable and important development that Oregon sheriffs and police chiefs are recommending simple drug-possession charges be treated as misdemeanors instead of felonies in certain circumstances. It's also crucial that such a step  if taken  doesn't lead to an anything-goes attitude to illicit drugs. As denoted by our state's enthusiastic legalization of recreational marijuana, Oregon is inclined to be a leader when it comes to re-examining legal and social strategies for dealing with drugs. Along with Washington, Colorado, Alaska and a growing rank of other states that have abandoned a losing struggle against a substance many regard as less harmful than alcohol, Oregon police now are ready to scrap the century-old orthodoxy that punishment is the best way to discourage possession and use of other drugs. The law enforcement groups note that felony convictions "include unintended and collateral consequences including barriers to housing and employment and a disparate impact on minority communities." In essence, conviction on a drug-possession charge can condemn a person to circumstances that make life permanently more difficult. This can have the contradictory result of paving the way for future drug use by hopeless and marginalized citizens. Convicted users should instead be given individualized, mandated treatment. Such a consequence isn't a slap on the wrist, carrying with it the likelihood of financial cost, loss of personal time and the embarrassment that accompanies being required to get help. But the cost to offenders and to taxpayers would be far less than prosecuting a felony case, imprisonment and years of follow-up. Legislators must weigh the options carefully before any change is made. It seems likely, however, in a time of severely strained law enforcement and criminal justice budgets that some degree of experimentation is both desirable and inevitable. ___ The (Eugene) Register-Guard, Oct. 17, on Oregon's compliance with the Real ID law: After the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, a comprehensive review of security protocols found pervasive problems with piece of identification most commonly carried by Americans, the state-issued driver's license. State standards for issuing licenses varied widely, some were easily counterfeited, and few provided more than basic information. Congress sought to remedy these problems by passing the Real ID Act of 2005, but failed to follow through with the resources states need to comply with the law. The law requires all states to issue what are called Enhanced Driver's Licenses by 2009  licenses embedded with a chip linked to a database containing biometric and identification data. The act also requires states to issue licenses only to people who can provide proof of citizenship. The Department of Homeland Security estimated in 2009 that compliance would cost the states $3.9 billion, but appropriated only about 1.5 percent of that amount. The act declares that state compliance is voluntary, and allows states to apply for extensions of the 2009 deadline. Oregon and other states are relying on those extensions now. But the latest extension may last only through next June  by which time compliance will be voluntary only if the bearers of non-compliant driver's licenses never need to board airplanes or enter secure federal buildings such as courthouses. Oregon greeted the Real ID Act as an unfunded mandate. The state has complied with the proof-of-citizenship requirement, but the 2009 Legislature passed a bill prohibiting state agencies from spending state funds to issue the Enhanced Driver's License. As the deadline looms and the DHS becomes more reluctant to grant extensions, the showdown between states and the federal government threatens to create serious inconveniences. Oregonians might need a passport, for instance, to pass an airport security checkpoint. The obvious solution is for Congress to provide states with the funds needed to implement the Enhanced Driver's License program. Ensuring that state identification meets a uniform federal security standard is a matter of national concern, and the federal funding would keep the standard from being weakened by states that can't or won't pay the cost of implementation. Congress should act, before Oregonians start missing flights. Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Pendleton hunter, outfitter pleads guilty to poaching mule deer ( 32281 ) Sheriff’s office hopes to identify body Monday ( 20582 ) 18-year-old Irrigon High School student joins city council ( 16022 ) 2016 Election Results ( 10194 ) Fingerprints confirm ID of body; sheriff’s office to contact relatives ( 10099 ) Transient jailed after trying to set fire to gas station ( 10016 ) FOOTBALL: Heppner advances to 2A semis for fourth straight year ( 51 ) Promise & Potential: First months of school bring challenges, growth ( 18 ) FOOTBALL: Tigers grind into semifinals ( 12 ) River Walk Garden garden applies for beehive ( 12 ) Nebraska's Armstrong leaves game with Gophers with injury ( 9 ) In Harney County, residents ready to move on ( 7 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2016 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Gems Trivia e-Edition eDeals Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Special Sections Active Seniors Basin Business Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life The Nickel TV Week Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing Sunday Extra!   Toggle navigation 48° Spec. Sections Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classified Advertising Connections News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos AP Editorials from around Oregon By Associated Press Associated Press Oct 17, 2016 (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! Selected editorials from Oregon newspapers: The (Salem) Statesman Journal, Oct. 15, on choosing Oregon's next governor: Kate Brown deserves two more years to show Oregonians what she is capable of as governor. Story continues below video × Brown, who was then secretary of state, ascended to the governorship last year after Gov. John Kitzhaber resigned. Now Oregonians will decide at the Nov. 8 election whether Democrat Brown or Republican Bud Pierce should serve the final two years of Kitzhaber's term. Three lesser-known candidates also are on the ballot. In many ways, Brown and Pierce are closely matched. Both are longtime leaders in their respective circles, Brown in Democratic politics and Pierce in the medical community. Both are known for being thoughtful, approachable and compassionate. Both talk about the importance of improving education, the economy and transportation. Kate Brown's strengths A governor serves as Oregon's CEO, and perhaps that is Brown's signature accomplishment. When she took office, she found weak management in numerous agencies, especially the sprawling Department of Human Services. Brown painstakingly changed leadership at 14 agencies, moving successful administrators into higher profile jobs — such as at DHS and the Department of Administrative Services — and recruiting new leadership from around the country. In doing so, she has diversified state management, appointing more women and people of color. Brown has shown that she can learn on the job: to focus her priorities instead of trying to do everything, and to recruit legislative champions to promote her ideas in the Legislature. Her personable nature is a tremendous asset. People — including her political opponents — like her, regardless of whether they agree with her. She and her husband, first gentleman Dan Little, have fit in well in Salem, living in the governor's official mansion much of the time. Brown is much more liberal than Kitzhaber and more cautious. The cautiousness might not be bad, given how many big ventures — from health care to education — the state has wound up undoing. Her weaknesses Brown has shown little inclination to stand up to liberal Democrats in the Legislature, who steamrolled the minority Republicans on energy, firearms, workplace and other issues. That does not bode well for Brown's being a governor for all of Oregon,rural as well as urban. She has shown little ability to achieve pragmatic political compromises. Examples include the failure of a transportation funding package in the Legislature and the largest tax increase in Oregon history being put on the Nov. 8 general election ballot. Unlike Pierce, Brown supports that Measure 97, which we believe would be destructive to Oregon's economy and further cement Oregon's reputation as an anti-business state. Bud Pierce's strengths Brown's main challenger, Dr. William "Bud" Pierce, is a longtime Salem resident. He is a senior partner of Hematology/Oncology of Salem, which has 75 employees and four clinic sites. Pierce and his wife, Selma, are well-known for their volunteerism and philanthropy. He is a past president of the Oregon Medical Association and other organizations. This is his first run for public office, but he says his medical leadership has taught him the ways of politics. His background in science — he has a Ph.D. in experimental pathology along with his medical degree — has steeped him in analyzing problems and finding solutions. Pierce combines fiscal conservatism with a passion for addressing society's ills. Homelessness is a genuine issue for him, reflecting his theme of improving economic opportunity for all Oregonians. Republicans have a tough time winning statewide office in Oregon. It's not just that they are outnumbered by Democrats, as well as by other non-Republican voters, but the Republican campaign infrastructure has withered during years of unsuccessful statewide candidacies. By running a strong campaign, Pierce can help rebuild that infrastructure. His weaknesses Pierce faces the same challenge as past candidates who came from outside the political realm: Experience in politics and in government trumps inexperience. Good ideas alone are not enough to carry the day. Oregonians have been burned by grand ideas that lacked substance. They want to know specifics and how those ideas actually will be implemented. Moving state bureaucracy forward is a constant challenge, as Brown knows from her years in the legislative and executive branches. But until Wednesday, when Pierce outlined his proposed state budget, he had talked more in broad themes than in specifics. Pierce also stumbled badly in a recent debate with Brown when discussing domestic violence and sexual assault. Although his comments were misinterpreted, he showed little understanding of two societal issues that have been widely discussed in the Mid-Valley. A series of apologies followed across several days, starting with one in which he appeared to put the blame on people for "taking my comments the wrong way" instead of assuming full responsibility himself. This episode raised concerns about his political awareness, and it factored into the Statesman Journal Editorial Board's decision to endorse Brown. The bottom line This election is to choose a governor for the next two years. Neither candidate has shown himself or herself to be the inspirational, visionary leader around whom Oregonians will rally. Pierce faces a steep learning curve. That takes time. Brown has been solid, making major mistakes — her support of Measure 97 being one — although she has not been as centrist as Oregon needs. It makes sense for Oregonians to capitalize on Gov. Kate Brown's experience for the next two years instead of starting over. Where they stand Democrat Kate Brown's top three issues: -A seamless system of education. -Ensuring Oregon thrives economically. -Healthy, safe communities. Republican Bud Pierce's top three issues: -K-12 education reform. -Rural poverty. -Diminishing homelessness ___ The Daily Astorian, Oct. 14, on the corporate tax measure: Measure 97 is on the ballot because Oregon governors and legislators past and present failed to do their jobs, and now voters must decide whether to approve the largest and most controversial tax increase in state history. If approved, the enticing but misleading measure would create a 2.5 percent tax on the gross sales of "C'' corporations exceeding $25 million. It would generate an estimated $3 billion per year. According to the ballot measure, the money would be intended for schools, health care and senior citizens. Nobody disagrees that we need to revamp our flagging education system, improve health care, help our senior citizens and to solve the serious crisis in funding public employee retirements. But Measure 97 isn't the way to accomplish those goals. The measure is severely flawed and could create just as many problems as it tries to solve. Voters should see through the misleading claims of its union-backed supporters and soundly defeat this proposal. The gross receipts tax is a tax on sales, not profits, and in reality is a regressive, hidden sales tax that will greatly impact Oregon consumers — and, most of all — low-income residents who can least afford it. Because it taxes only sales, it could wipe out the profit of businesses that generate high sales but low margins. Grocery stores, for example, typically have margins of only 2 percent or less. The measure's backers assert the tax will only affect about 1,000 large out-of-state corporations like Comcast and Walmart that don't pay their fair share in Oregon. What's not in their message, though, is that those 1,000 corporations account for 88 percent of all retail sales in Oregon. And all businesses in Oregon, not just those that fall under the tax, will feel the sting of this badly conceived measure. Businesses will see costs rise because their supplies and services, including electricity and other utilities, will go up in price. That will potentially happen at each step of the supply chain as goods go from manufacturer to retailer to consumer and the effect could far exceed the 2.5 percent the tax would generate. Measure 97 supporters also say the companies will simply absorb the higher taxes and won't pass it on by increasing prices or lowering expenses by cutting jobs. At best that's terribly naive and more likely just disingenuous. Company shareholders expect returns to grow, not decrease, and it will result in increased prices all along the line. That makes the measure a hidden sales tax. It will have an impact on goods and services Oregonians purchase every day, including groceries and medicines that most sales taxes exempt. The Legislative Revenue Office, a nonpartisan state agency, estimated the increase would be about $600 more a year in taxes per Oregonian. The revenue office's study also projects the measure would cost 38,000 private-sector jobs during a 10-year period, while a study commissioned by supporters says it will only cost 13,000 jobs. That same study says public-sector jobs would grow by 33,000 during the same period. In either event, growing public-sector jobs at the expense of the private sector is not good economic development policy. Additionally, the revenue office study points out that the ballot-measure language does not ensure the revenue would be used for its intended purposes. By law, the money would go into the state's general fund, and the Legislature can use the revenue directly or indirectly for other uses such as funding the Public Employees Retirement System. We know our local schools are not adequately funded, and our students deserve better. We also know health care costs will rise, and we know the state signed a contract — an unaffordable one, perhaps, but still a contract — with state employees. The state needs to find ways to increase and stabilize revenue streams, but a big no-strings-attached money grab bag is not the answer. Voters should defeat this measure, then hold legislators and the governor accountable for getting business and labor together. Once at the same table, they shouldn't leave until we have a plan for stable funding for Oregon schools and health care programs. Measure 97 isn't the answer. ___ The East Oregonian, Oct. 11, on criminal justice reform: It's a notable and important development that Oregon sheriffs and police chiefs are recommending simple drug-possession charges be treated as misdemeanors instead of felonies in certain circumstances. It's also crucial that such a step — if taken — doesn't lead to an anything-goes attitude to illicit drugs. As denoted by our state's enthusiastic legalization of recreational marijuana, Oregon is inclined to be a leader when it comes to re-examining legal and social strategies for dealing with drugs. Along with Washington, Colorado, Alaska and a growing rank of other states that have abandoned a losing struggle against a substance many regard as less harmful than alcohol, Oregon police now are ready to scrap the century-old orthodoxy that punishment is the best way to discourage possession and use of other drugs. The law enforcement groups note that felony convictions "include unintended and collateral consequences including barriers to housing and employment and a disparate impact on minority communities." In essence, conviction on a drug-possession charge can condemn a person to circumstances that make life permanently more difficult. This can have the contradictory result of paving the way for future drug use by hopeless and marginalized citizens. Convicted users should instead be given individualized, mandated treatment. Such a consequence isn't a slap on the wrist, carrying with it the likelihood of financial cost, loss of personal time and the embarrassment that accompanies being required to get help. But the cost to offenders and to taxpayers would be far less than prosecuting a felony case, imprisonment and years of follow-up. Legislators must weigh the options carefully before any change is made. It seems likely, however, in a time of severely strained law enforcement and criminal justice budgets that some degree of experimentation is both desirable and inevitable. ___ The (Eugene) Register-Guard, Oct. 17, on Oregon's compliance with the Real ID law: After the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, a comprehensive review of security protocols found pervasive problems with piece of identification most commonly carried by Americans, the state-issued driver's license. State standards for issuing licenses varied widely, some were easily counterfeited, and few provided more than basic information. Congress sought to remedy these problems by passing the Real ID Act of 2005, but failed to follow through with the resources states need to comply with the law. The law requires all states to issue what are called Enhanced Driver's Licenses by 2009 — licenses embedded with a chip linked to a database containing biometric and identification data. The act also requires states to issue licenses only to people who can provide proof of citizenship. The Department of Homeland Security estimated in 2009 that compliance would cost the states $3.9 billion, but appropriated only about 1.5 percent of that amount. The act declares that state compliance is voluntary, and allows states to apply for extensions of the 2009 deadline. Oregon and other states are relying on those extensions now. But the latest extension may last only through next June — by which time compliance will be voluntary only if the bearers of non-compliant driver's licenses never need to board airplanes or enter secure federal buildings such as courthouses. Oregon greeted the Real ID Act as an unfunded mandate. The state has complied with the proof-of-citizenship requirement, but the 2009 Legislature passed a bill prohibiting state agencies from spending state funds to issue the Enhanced Driver's License. As the deadline looms and the DHS becomes more reluctant to grant extensions, the showdown between states and the federal government threatens to create serious inconveniences. Oregonians might need a passport, for instance, to pass an airport security checkpoint. The obvious solution is for Congress to provide states with the funds needed to implement the Enhanced Driver's License program. Ensuring that state identification meets a uniform federal security standard is a matter of national concern, and the federal funding would keep the standard from being weakened by states that can't or won't pay the cost of implementation. Congress should act, before Oregonians start missing flights. Tags General News State Governments Drug-related Crime Labor Economy Legislature Economy Civil Service Government And Politics Financial Performance Corporate News Business Crime Government Finance Government Business And Finance Locations Oregon Salem United States North America Associated Press Sections Business Entertainment Health Technology World Oregon Politics Science AP Sports Strange National Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Local man arrested for fatal hit-and-run Klamath man arrested for assaulting young girl LaPine resident charged with multiple rape counts of minor Family of hit-and-run victim raising funds Klamath Falls man dies in hit-and-run Klamath Falls Mayor Kellstrom loses to Westfall Unlicensed contractor accused of defrauding elderly couple Time capsule: Klamath Falls 65 years ago Woman accused of stealing $40K from ambulance agencies Klamath man gets 16 months for vehicular assault Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey Will you be shopping on Thanksgiving Day The holiday shopping season is winding up. Several stores will be open on Thanksgiving Day as well as Black Friday. You voted: Yes No Undecided No opinion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2016 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals Classifieds Classified Ads Local Deals About Us North Carolina October 17, 2016 10:23 AM Gov. McCrory says HB2 protects public safety. These victims would say otherwise. Ash Haffner, 16, died in February 2015 after running in front of traffic. Before the suicide, Ash had begun to identify as male instead of female. Facebook Julie Wood believes her son Ben never got over an incident at his church youth group when he was 16. She says the youth leader singled him out as gay and asked the other kids, “Do you understand that Ben is going to hell?” Ben killed himself when he was 21. Courtesy of Julie Wood Bob Page, CEO of Replacements Ltd., a nationally-known company which transgender employees consider a safe haven, during an interview in his business. Page is outspoken in support of LGBT rights. Protestors have boycotted his company, blocked the entrance, left homophobic slurs on the property. Diedra Laird dlaird@charlotteobserver.com 1 of 3 i By Elizabeth Leland eleland@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Despite America’s dramatic shift toward acceptance, LGBTQ residents across North Carolina are routinely singled out for condemnation and discrimination – sometimes even physical violence – because of who they are. Last month in Charlotte, a 24-year-old transgender man said he was confronted outside the restrooms at PNC Pavilion by several women who demanded to know if he was “a boy or a girl” and then lifted up his shirt to see. Early on a Saturday evening in June, a lesbian chef said she was body-slammed to the ground in Uptown Charlotte by a teenage girl hurling homophobic slurs. In Waynesville, in the Smoky Mountains, a newlywed gay man left work late one night last fall and discovered “DIE FAG” spray-painted in huge black letters on the side of his Jeep. For young people especially, psychological and physical attacks can have profound and sometimes tragic consequences. In Rowan County, 45 miles north of Charlotte, Daniel Safrit grew up believing he was a bad person. From third grade to sixth grade, his classmates told him so. They called him “loser” and “gay” and a word he never had heard before. He had to ask his mother what “fag” meant. Next to the swagger of other boys, Daniel appeared effeminate. He enjoyed gymnastics and cheerleading. “He became confused,” said his mother, Jamie Safrit. “Everybody put it into his head, and he was trying to figure it out himself. He wrote down in his journal that he was gay. He was ugly. He was a loser.” Daniel grew so depressed after the start of middle school in 2013, Safrit said, he tried to kill himself in early September. He was hospitalized for a week. When he returned to Erwin Middle School in Salisbury, she said, the bullying resumed. One day after school Daniel seemed troubled by something, she said, but he didn’t say what was bothering him. Before he went to bed that night, she remembers his last words to her: Love you. The next morning, they found Daniel in his bedroom closet. He had hanged himself with a necktie. The moment from which her 11-year-old son never recovered might seem insignificant. She said she was told that it happened in health class: Another student refused to share his sunflower seeds. You’re too gay, the boy reportedly said to Daniel. Daniel’s short life is one among dozens of stories of bullying, harassment, discrimination and violence against North Carolina residents who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer – or people perceived to be. Jamie Safrit said she doesn’t know whether her son was gay but other kids assumed he was and targeted him because of it. Public records and interviews across the state suggest that targeting of LGBTQ residents is so commonplace that many take it for granted as a sad – and sometimes dangerous – fact of their lives. ‘Time to be afraid’ Since the passage of House Bill 2 on March 23, attention has focused on North Carolina and how it treats its estimated 336,000 LGBTQ residents. HB2 was nicknamed “the bathroom bill” because it requires people to use restrooms in government-run buildings that correspond with the gender on their birth certificates – thus barring many transgender residents from public restrooms that match their identity. But the law goes beyond bathrooms. In what critics call the most anti-LGBTQ legislation ever enacted, HB2 abolished a Charlotte ordinance that added sexual orientation and gender identity as protected classes, the same as race, age, religion and gender. HB2 also banned local governments in the state from passing their own non-discrimination ordinances. Gregory Herek, a psychology professor at the University of California-Davis who is an expert on anti-gay violence, said HB2 sends a broad symbolic message: “It’s conveying to people in the state who are LGBT that they are not full citizens.” The new law, scholars and advocates believe, has given people permission to hate. Three weeks after HB2 was adopted, someone responded to a sign critical of the governor by leaving a note on an Asheville woman’s car: “Burn in Hell, nasty faggot! I ♥ HB2!' " The next day in Charlotte, instead of tipping a waitress who is lesbian, a group of female customers at Zada Jane’s in Plaza Midwood left a Bible verse, Leviticus 20:13, which holds that sex between two men is “an abomination” punishable by death. In the middle of one night in April, someone set fire to rainbow flags that the United Church of Christ in Hillsborough raised as a statement of welcome and inclusion. Twice since then, replacement flags have been stolen. Said Josh Burford, assistant director for sexual and gender diversity at UNC Charlotte: “It’s time for us to be afraid again.” ‘We stand with you’ Reaction to HB2 came swiftly from around the world. Great Britain issued an advisory warning that transgender travelers might be affected by the law. The European Union released a statement saying HB2 violated an international agreement on civil rights. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced that the U.S. Justice Department was suing North Carolina and reassured the state’s estimated 37,800 transgender residents: “We see you; we stand with you; and we will do everything we can to protect you going forward.” Seven months later, the backlash continues. Dozens of major corporations have withdrawn business from North Carolina. More than 50 investment managers representing $2.1 trillion in assets and the CEOs of more than 200 corporations have called for repeal. The NBA pulled its 2017 All-Star game from Charlotte, and the ACC and NCAA are moving some championship games out of the state. Bruce Springsteen and other musicians canceled shows. Despite the outcry, Gov. Pat McCrory and Republican lawmakers steadfastly defend their decision and blame the city of Charlotte for the fallout. They argue that the state law protects public safety and privacy. They contend the Charlotte ordinance endangered women and children by allowing men into women’s bathrooms and locker rooms. In defense of HB2, an expert witness for the state wrote in a court document that gender identity that doesn’t match gender at birth is a mental disorder which can be reversed with therapy. Some elected officials have used similarly dismissive language. The author of HB2, State Rep. Dan Bishop of Charlotte, called transgender individuals “cross-dressers.” McCrory referred to them as “boys who may think they’re a girl.” Multiple studies indicate that being a transgender person is not a choice. There is a biological basis. The American Psychiatric Association specifically states that “gender nonconformity is not in itself a mental disorder.” ‘Hate in their eyes’ At a luncheon in Charlotte in September, McCrory defended HB2 and said he wasn’t aware of “one example of any type of discrimination that’s been directed toward individuals that have visited this city during my 14 years as mayor or since then or in the state of North Carolina since I’ve been governor. “Because that's not the type of state we are. And I don't know of one example that the media's brought up where we've discriminated against anyone at our arena or football stadium or anything else – and if you know of one, will you let me know? I'd like to find out." Law enforcement agencies throughout the state told The Observer they are aware of few, if any, instances of discrimination, intimidation, harassment, bullying or violence against LGBTQ residents. A different picture emerged from stories the Observer heard. One case police investigated involved Shelby Lechner, the chef in Charlotte who was assaulted in June. Lechner said she was walking with a co-worker after work around 7 p.m., when a group of teenagers taunted her. The way Lechner looks – 180 pounds with with a short, blond Mohawk – appeared to be the only reason they targeted her. “Faggot, dyke, queer, you name it,” she said, “they were calling me basically everything.” She said she ignored them, but that seemed to anger them more. As she crossed the street, she said a girl ran up, hit her in the face, body-slammed her to the ground then kicked her in the ribs, yelling, You’re f------ going to die! “Never have I ever felt so alone,” Lechner said. “I had seven girls staring at me, looking at me, with hate in their eyes.” She said her co-worker pulled the assailant off, and a second girl turned on the co-worker and punched her in the face. Lechner is a lesbian. But North Carolina’s hate crime statute does not include sexual orientation or gender identity. So police did not have the option of charging anyone with a hate crime, which carries a stiffer penalty. They charged two 17-year-olds with simple assault. For a North Carolina case to be prosecuted as a hate crime, the federal government has to bring charges under the Matthew Shepard Act, named for a student who was tortured and murdered near Laramie, Wyoming. Since the law took effect in 2009, no one has been charged in North Carolina. Police referred the case to the FBI as a possible hate crime – but only after the Observer questioned whether officers intended to do that. An FBI spokesperson said the investigation is ongoing. Hate crimes underreported As a majority of Americans become more accepting, those who disagree find themselves on the fringes of society – and it angers some of them, said Mark Potok, senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center, a nonprofit that monitors hate groups. “There’s an enormous amount of rage because it’s closely connected to very deep dark feelings people have about sexuality,” Potok said. “If you think about things said about gay people – they’re different than what is said about Jews or black people: ‘They are perverts.’ ‘They’re coming to molest your children.’ ‘All the things they do is disgusting.’ ” Last year, the center added seven organizations to its list of anti-LGBT hate groups, bringing the total to 48, nearly double the number in 2010 – a reflection, Potok said, of the angry backlash. Polling by the Pew Research Center found that 63 percent of Americans believe homosexuality “should be accepted by society” and over half favor allowing same-sex marriage. Roughly 28 percent of Americans believe homosexuality should be discouraged. Potok analyzed 14 years of FBI statistics in 2011 and found that LGBTQ people were targeted at higher rates than any other minority group in the country. They were twice as likely to be victims of violent hate crimes as Jews or African Americans, four times as likely as Muslims and 14 times as likely as Latinos. Many thousands of anti-LGBTQ crimes go unreported, Potok and Herek said. There are several reasons: Some victims fear further reprisals by outing themselves to employers and family. Some arresting officers don’t recognize what constitutes a hate crime. Many law enforcement agencies don’t report cases for inclusion in yearly FBI statistics because reporting is voluntary. In North Carolina, from 2009 through 2014, law enforcement agencies submitted 101 cases to the FBI’s Uniform Crime Report involving people who were allegedly assaulted, intimidated or had their homes vandalized because of their sexual orientation. Herek noted that only 41 of 524 law enforcement jurisdictions in the state reported any alleged hate crimes in 2014. Only 13 jurisdictions reported hate crimes based on sexual orientation. He said he doubts that’s because there weren’t hate crimes in the remaining 483 jurisdictions. “We have to assume that what the FBI has,” he said, “is a pretty significant underestimate.” Attacked in the night One case reported to the FBI involved two salon owners from Charlotte who were attacked in Asheville in 2012. Dustin Martin and Mark Little left a gay bar one night around 2 a.m. and were walking along Patton Avenue toward their hotel. Martin said they weren’t kissing. They weren’t holding hands. They weren’t even side-by-side – Martin trailed about 20 feet behind, complaining that his feet hurt. From out of the dark, Martin said, a car crept up behind them and two women screamed out a string of obscenities. Martin, 30, said he has been called “faggot” and other slurs too many times to count. He said he usually shrugs it off. That night, he said, he felt exhausted. Here he was in Asheville, considered one of the South’s most inclusive cities, being attacked because of who he is, not because of anything he did. He said he yelled back: You’re a stupid bitch. I’ve done nothing to you. Leave me alone! A man charged out from the back seat of the car, Martin said, and punched him in the chest. Martin said Little screamed: Get off of him! The man then turned on Little and punched him in the face, Martin said. A photograph taken that night shows blood dripping down Little’s cheek. “He just came in and started swinging,” Martin said. “Neither one of us hit back. We were just stunned.” Asheville police reported the assault to the FBI as a hate crime. However, the perpetrators were never identified and no charges filed on either the state or federal level. A recent report found that transgender individuals are especially vulnerable to attack – particularly transgender women of color who also face racism and sexism. There’s no clear data on the extent of the risk, but the Human Rights Campaign identified at least 19 transgender homicide victims in the United States so far this year and 21 last year. One of the victims in 2015 was Elisha Walker of Salisbury. Her body was found in a crude grave in Smithfield, 150 miles from her home. An ex-boyfriend was charged. A sheriff’s investigator called her death a domestic murder but told the Observer that her gender identity contributed. He said the ex-boyfriend belonged to a gang that disapproved of “those kinds of relationships.” ‘Are you a boy or a girl?’ With heightened visibility because of HB2, transgender residents said they feel as if they’re being watched. Fletcher Page said three women accosted him when he walked out of the men’s restroom at the PNC Pavilion in Charlotte. Page, who is 24, was raised as a girl and said he began transitioning seven years ago. He still wears his hair long. He had driven up from Greenville, S.C., on Sept. 16, for a concert featuring Heart, Joan Jett & The Blackhearts and Cheap Trick. “These three older ladies surrounded me,” he said. “At first, I thought that they were flirting with me.” Instead, he said, they asked: “ ‘Are you a boy or a girl? “I said, ‘I’m a man.’ “They said, ‘What bathroom did you use?’ “I told them, ‘The men’s bathroom. It’s the bathroom I always use.’ “One of them reaches across my chest and pulls my shirt up,” he said. “They’re all staring at my crotch. And they say, ‘Clearly that’s a man....’ ” Before the women left, he said they told him, “If you’re born a man you should stay a man. If you’re born a woman, you should stay a woman.” Page works for Gender Benders, a grassroots advocacy and support group. His duties include educating people about issues affecting the LGBTQ community. “I have a strong sense of self,” he said. “I can’t imagine what happened to me happening to someone who’s not ‘out,’ who doesn’t have a support system... It’s making us feel like our trans identity isn’t real. And these bathroom bills reinforce this.” More bathroom vigilantes The Observer spoke with two women – neither transgender – who also reported being harassed at a restroom. Michelle Scott, 54, is a retired lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army. She works as an assistant manager at a Walmart in Greensboro and was riding home to Charlotte on her motorcycle not long after HB2 became law. She said she stopped at a rest area on Interstate 85 near the N.C. Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Thomasville. As she left the women’s room, Scott said an older white man demanded: Do you know you’re in the wrong bathroom? I’m in the right bathroom, she remembers telling him. She said she suggested he take a closer look. Scott wears her hair short, in tight braids. She’s a woman. Her birth certificate says so. A spokesperson for the N.C. Department of Transportation said no employee at that rest area is a white male. Based on what the Observer learned, he said, DOT has alerted attendants to be on the lookout for anyone harassing travelers. A second Charlotte woman, a 61-year-old business executive, who is 6-foot-1 with short hair, described a similar encounter at the same rest stop on her way home from the Outer Banks in August. She said it involved an older white man she assumed was an attendant because he wore a uniform. “I was in the stall. I hear this male voice saying, ‘This is the women’s bathroom.’ ” She said she washed her hands and walked out. “He’s standing there. ‘This is the women’s bathroom,’ he said. I told him, ‘I am a woman.... a female-born woman.” She asked not be be identified by name because she fears losing business if clients discover she is a lesbian. “This is what we live with every day,” she said. “It is an environment of intolerance and misunderstanding.” Voices of Authority Some religious leaders have been especially vocal in their condemnation, referencing the Bible as their authority. The Rev. Flip Benham of Concord-based Operation Save America exploded in rage at a meeting of Charlotte City Council in July. “It is a sin to be a practicing homosexual,” he shouted. “... You’ve opened up the doors of hell on our city.” In 2014, a Fayetteville pastor publicly targeted a former N.C. Court of Appeals judge from Charlotte. It happened at a news conference in Raleigh, hosted by Republican Rep. Paul “Skip” Stam of Apex, after a federal court overturned the state’s ban on gay marriage. Attorney John Arrowood, who served on the appellate court in 2007-2008, was running again, this time as an openly gay man. “I understand there’s a judge out there that’s a flaming homosexual who’s going to be running,” Pastor Johnny Hunter told the gathering. “I hope he just steps out of the race, because he is already stepping in with bias.” Another Fayetteville pastor attracted national attention for a sermon in 2012. Sean Harris of Berean Baptist Church told parents if they saw their 4-year-old sons “dropping the limp wrist, you walk over there and crack that wrist. Man up. Give him a good punch.” Harris said he was using hyperbole to make a point. In a follow-up to his congregation, he said he doesn’t advocate child abuse under any circumstance and urged members not to be “hateful toward those whose behavior is an abomination to God.” Pastor Charles Worley at Providence Road Baptist Church in Maiden, 35 miles northwest of Charlotte, is so outspoken that the Southern Poverty Law Center includes his church on its list of hate groups. Worley suggested in a sermon on Mother’s Day in 2012 that “lesbians and queers” be held inside electric fences until they die out. Wounds from childhood More often, condemnation comes in the smaller moments of everyday life. In Rockingham, a female couple said a store owner asked them not to hold hands because she didn’t want her children seeing it. A Laurinburg company refused to print invitations for two women getting married. In Burnsville, Johnny Dean McCurry said he forgot his rewards discount card at a grocery store and asked an older woman if he could borrow hers. “She looked me up and down, and it brought back so many memories,” he said. “She hesitated and then she just turned away.” The snub made him feel ostracized, the way he felt growing up gay in an unaccepting community. When he got home from the store, McCurry, 52, said he wept. The depth of his feelings surprised him. “I realized all the anger from childhood, I’d not outgrown any of that. I’d not healed any of that.” As he meditated that afternoon in the quiet of his grandfather’s cabin, an image came to mind. It was a summer day in 1969. He was 5, attending Vacation Bible School, and all the kids got their pictures taken. In the photograph, he is sitting on the church steps, his hands folded in his lap. He’s dressed in shorts, argyle socks and a T-shirt with stripes at the neck and sleeves. On his face is a big smile. But what he remembers most about that day happened out of the camera’s view. He said the other boys at the church told him he couldn’t play with them. They called him a “pussy.” It was the first time he was bullied for being gay. Young lives at stake A new study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that among high school students who identify as lesbian, gay or bisexual, more than a third surveyed reported being bullied at school – nearly twice the number of heterosexual students. More than 40 percent, the study found, said they seriously considered suicide. A study by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and the Williams Institute found that 41 percent of transgender people try to kill themselves at some point in their lives, compared to 4.6 percent of the population as a whole. In the Charlotte area, two transgender teenagers killed themselves last year by going into traffic. Sixteen-year-old Ash Haffner died a block from home in Indian Trail. Blake Brockington, 18, a graduate of East Mecklenburg High in Charlotte, died a month later. Brockington attracted national attention in 2014 as the first openly transgender high school homecoming king in North Carolina. Two months before he died, he told the Observer: “We need support, not people looking down at us or degrading us or overlooking us. We are still human." In Forsyth County, Ben Wood was bullied so much in middle school, his mother said, he refused to drink anything at breakfast for fear of of being beaten up in the bathroom. “He was a little bit on the effeminate side,” Julie Wood said about her son. “He couldn’t catch a ball if he had to. He was a target for teasing and bullying because he did not fit into the stereotypical rough-and-tough boy image.” Ben enjoyed books, music and nature, and was passionate about social justice. Wood and her husband are both social workers. She said they did everything they could to protect and care for Ben. “But nothing we could do could protect him from the cruel judgment and rejection from others.” On a Wednesday evening in the summer of 2008, when Ben was 16, she said he went to church to help plan a mission trip. He returned home unexpectedly, his cheeks flushed, his breathing rapid. He looked as if he was about to cry. He told her the new youth leader had singled him out as gay in front of the others. He said the leader asked who felt comfortable being around him, and then said: Do you understand that Ben is going to hell? Julie and Bill Wood rushed to the church. She said the congregation had always been welcoming to Ben despite a United Methodist Church guideline that “the practice of homosexuality is incompatible with Christian teaching.” But when they confronted the youth leader, Wood said, he screamed: Homosexuality is an abomination. They quit the church. They sent Ben for counseling. But Wood believes her son never recovered. “If you already have been ridiculed, and then your very being is deemed unworthy by your church and your God, it does change your soul, your psyche, your feeling of safety and belonging in the world,” she said. “That’s a huge mountain to climb.” In May 2012, after voters approved Amendment 1 outlawing same-sex marriage in North Carolina, she said Ben came home from college for a visit. They went to a spring festival in Kernersville. As so many traditional families strolled by them – husbands and wives with little children – she said Ben turned to her and said: Mom, I’ll never be accepted here. The following year, when Ben was 21, he quit going to class. His grades plummeted. He would have to leave UNC Asheville and move back home to Forsyth County. He told friends he was horrified at the prospect. On the last day of the semester, Ben killed himself. It was May 8, 2013, the first anniversary of Amendment 1. Wood believes his timing was no coincidence. The message he heard from the state, she said, mirrored the message from childhood bullies and his church youth leader: “You are not worthy. You do not belong. You do not matter to us.’ ” A year after Ben died, Wood shared a video with the United Methodist Church about his experience, prompting one bishop to say he favored eliminating the language on homosexuality because of suicides such as Ben’s. Two years later, church leaders are still debating. Wood said that as a family, they could not say enough, pray enough and love enough to undo the insidious harm of what Ben heard over and over and over. It’s time, she said, to change the message. Researcher Maria David contributed. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story North Carolina Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:33 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 11.13 Pause 1:14 Dog helps rescue man trapped in hole 1:33 The week ahead for Myrtle Beach: Nov. 14 - Nov. 20 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 0:41 Myrtle Beach International Airport upgrades radar technology 1:28 Back to Football in Myrtle Beach 3:02 She wants to be the first deaf ‘Top Chef’ 1:41 Flood waters cause Socastee residents to evacuate 1:12 Beach Ride Diaries: Costume Parade 1:21 Transforming Broadway at the Beach Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook 5:49 a month ago Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook 0:33 a month ago Waves whip pier, shore at Sunset Beach, N.C. 4:22 2 months ago Whose job is it to save the beach? View more video North Carolina Wetter weather helps firefighters in western NC blazes GOP keeps legislative grip; Democrats get another try soon? North Carolina station cuts Chappelle's words from show Wake Forest University to deliver 300 Thanksgiving meals Former deputy breaks in home and kills wife, then himself Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Macy's is opening earlier than ever on Thanksgiving Day to kick off Black Friday Hayley Peterson Oct. 17, 2016, 10:27 AM 3,361 facebook linkedin twitter email print Shoppers enter a Macy's store on Thanksgiving Day. Donald Traill/AP Macy's is kicking off this year's Black Friday sales even earlier than last year.  The department store chain will open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving, the company told Business Insider. Most Macy's stores be open from 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving to 2 a.m. the following day, then reopen at 6 a.m. on Black Friday.  Some stores will stay open for 29 hours straight — from 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day to 10 p.m. on Black Friday. BestBlackFriday.com, which tracks retailers' holiday promotions and store hours, was the first to report on Macy's Black Friday store hours. Macy's opened on Thanksgiving Day for the first time in 2013. That year, stores opened at 8 p.m. on the evening of Thanksgiving. Last year, it opened at 6 p.m.  Macy's and other retailers, such as Walmart, Target, Sears, and Kohl's, have come under fire in recent years for kicking off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving. The retailers' critics say employees should be at home with their families instead of working. This year, many retailers and shopping malls are joining those critics and pushing back against the so-called holiday creep by staying closed on Thanksgiving.  Macy's says its trying to staff its stores with employees who volunteer to work on the holiday.  "Doing so means that our employees are able to make their own decisions about how they contribute to our most important and busiest weekend of the year," Macy's spokeswoman Holly Thomas said. "We have also heard from many associates who appreciate the opportunity to work on Thanksgiving, so they can have time off on Black Friday." Anyone who works on the Thanksgiving shift will be compensated with overtime pay, Thomas said. SEE ALSO: Here are all the stores closing on Thanksgiving this year NOW WATCH: We compared prices of Trader Joe's items to those of Whole Foods 365 Everyday Value — here's what we found Loading video... More: Macy's black friday 2016 Black Friday Black Friday store hours Thanksgiving Holiday Holiday Shopping Retail macys black friday macys thanksgiving facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Macy's is opening earlier than ever on Thanksgiving Day to kick off Black Friday Macy's is opening earlier than ever on Thanksgiving Day to kick off Black Friday Macy's is kicking off this year's Black... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Environmental Leader Columns News Videos Jobs Research Webinars Conference 2017   Popular ENERGY EFFICIENCY EMISSIONS CARBON FINANCE FACILITIES SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY WATER SMART GRID More Topics »Close » Sustainable Strategies & Leadership Contracts & Installations Green Fleets & Transportation Funding & Incentives Sustainability Reports Government Environmental Design Hi-Tech Pollution Climate Ecolabels & Certifications Waste & Recycling Carbon Finance & Offsets Construction & Refitting Green Marketing Sustainable Manufacturing Green Research Energy Efficient Lighting Solar Energy Environmental Policy & Law Products & Planning Finance & Reporting Sustainable Packaging & Paper Conventional Energy Baseline Clean Energy Green Workplace Efficiency Environmental Conservation Utilities ALL TOPICS   Home » Climate » Why Your Firm Should Consider Products’ Total Cost of Ownership October 17, 2016 Why Your Firm Should Consider Products’ Total Cost of OwnershipBy: Jessica Lyons Hardcastle Related Stories The World’s Largest Purchaser Wants Its Suppliers to Disclose, Reduce GHG Emissions CDP Prepares to Launch Low-Carbon Supply Chain Financing Program CDP Global 500: 10% of Largest Companies Produce 73% of GHGs Largest US Companies Pledge $140bn to Cut Carbon Footprint Will a New Supply Chain Company Shrink Nike’s Carbon Footprint? Related Topics Climate Feature Sustainable Strategy & Leadership Sustainable Supply Chain As corporations look to cut their environmental costs, evaluating total cost of ownership — or the total direct and indirect costs of owning a product or service — provides a way to achieve greater environmental accountability and better resource management. It’s not an easy task. It requires executives to dive deep into the value chain, and look at factors including manufacturing time, costs of parts, research and development, and environmental sustainability. This includes emissions from suppliers as well as those of consumers using the products and services. But when done effectively, a total cost of ownership approach to goods and services can provide financial savings and other business benefits, according to a CDP report. By assessing cradle-to-grave impacts, including environmental factors, companies can reduce their costs and “push innovation in business,” according to A Paradigm Shift in Total Cost of Ownership. The report focuses on Global 500 firms. “We looked at whether they were seeing opportunities through climate change, whether they were engaging their suppliers — not just where the emissions are but where the solutions are,” said Dexter Galvin, CDP’s head of supply chain, in an interview. It found 55 percent of responding Global 500 companies report finding business opportunities resulting from modified consumer behavior due to climate change. And 69 percent report increased demand for lower-carbon products and services in 2016. For example, in its 2015 disclosure to CDP, industrial gas maker Praxair said it is investing significant resources into meeting customer demand for products with a lower carbon footprint. Its 2015 eco-portfolio accounted for 32 percent of company sales, or more than $3 billion in revenue. Alcoa is another company reporting growing customer demand — and subsequent revenue gains — from climate-related goods and services. In its disclosure, the company says “our customers are increasingly asking for innovations and products to enhance their energy efficiency and reduce the CO2 emissions associated with the usage of their products…As a result of increased customer demand for energy efficiency, our Engineered Products & Solutions business group signed a number of valuable contracts throughout 2014, including a $1.1 billion 10-year supply agreement with Pratt & Whitney for enhanced, energy-efficient jet engine components.” Also in the report, 77 percent of responding Global 500 companies said they engaged with their suppliers on climate change strategies in 2016, up from 67 percent three years earlier. Fifty-eight percent of these companies engaged with their customers on climate change, more than three times the number just three years earlier. It paints a rosy picture for Global 500 value chains. But, Galvin says, when evaluating total cost of ownership, there is still much work to be done. “We’re seeing 77 percent of these Global 500 companies actually engaging their supplier on climate change, and that paints a very positive picture,” he said. “But if you look at the 4,000 companies responding to CDP’s supply chain program this year, we see a massive lack of engagement with supply chains: only 27 percent of those companies are engaging their supply chains. So for the vast bulk of organizations, they are not doing enough at all.” The report highlights some of the world’s largest purchasers — Walmart, Unilever, General Motors the US Navy and the US General Services Administration — as examples of total cost of ownership approaches to embedding environmental sustainability into business decisions. These organizations are using their massive purchasing power to reduce natural resources required to make and use their products. They are also asking suppliers to monitor and disclose their environmental impacts. It also includes a case study that analyzes the potential cost savings of Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s Moonshot servers based on the US military’s draft Acquisition Guidance, which assesses the life-cycle impacts and costs of purchase systems. The study finds that replacing traditional servers with extreme low-energy servers like Moonshot would have the potential to cut annual greenhouse gas emissions by up to 100 million tons. It could also save customers up to $12 billion in internal energy costs, and reduce total environmental impact by up to $20 billion. “And that would only work with this collaborative action” between Hewlett Packard Enterprise and the military, Galvin said. “By taking a total cost of ownership view, by taking the full life cycles of these products and services into account and a longer-term view with customers and key suppliers, there’s a real opportunity to work collaboratively to reduce emissions.” The World’s Largest Purchaser Wants Its Suppliers to Disclose, Reduce GHG Emissions CDP Prepares to Launch Low-Carbon Supply Chain Financing Program CDP Global 500: 10% of Largest Companies Produce 73% of GHGs Largest US Companies Pledge $140bn to Cut Carbon Footprint Will a New Supply Chain Company Shrink Nike’s Carbon Footprint? Reader Comments There are no comments for this story.   Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Energy Manager News Elon Musk: Companies Will Remain Committed to their Utilities Energy Management Information System Implementations Must Be Supported, Carefully Planned Walmart Goes All In On Sustainability Augury Inks Deal with LBA Air Conditioning, Heating & Plumbing Ethical Electric Changes Name to CleanChoice Energy Alliance Takes Key Step in Development of New Utility Rate Designs Ratepayers Race to Enroll in Hawaiian Electric’s TOU Program Solar as an Everyday Tool NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Daily) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Daily) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Latest Best Practice[ see all ] The New EHS Cloud, Is it for Everyone? Companies moving from traditional on-premise, perpetually-licensed EHS software to technology services that are cloud-based, subscription service-based offerings has become a macro trend. When it’s time to look for a new software solution, the temptation is great to use the technical buzz phrases that get tossed around frequently. When that happens, the pros and cons of […] Privacy About Us Send a Story Tip Advertise Subscribe © 2006-2016 Business Sector Media, LLC All rights reserved.  
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows Program Schedule Rob Snyder Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Calendar Game Schedule Sports News Hotties Babe Of The Day Contact Help & Contact Info Feedback Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter subscribe via RSS Trending Now TTU Football Coverage TTU Clear Bag Policy TTU Schedule Broncos on The Fan Texans on Awesome 98 All Sports News Fan Game Schedule Lubbock’s Kmart Closing Sale Part 2: Zombie Apocalypse Priorities By Renee October 16, 2016 11:58 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Image of If the progress of the Kmart closing sale is any indication of what Lubbockites would loot in a zombie apocalypse, y’all have two major priorities: 1. Power tools for unique and flashy ways to eliminate the undead threat. 2. Makeup, so no one mistakes your tired, ragged self for a zombie. Better safe than catching a circular saw to the face. Those two sections are nearly depleted and also a total mess. Overall, it seems that since my first post about the Kmart closing sale three weeks ago, prices have only dropped an additional 5 percent, making the jewelry case still the highest discount at 75 percent. There’s still actually quite a few items in the case. However, those items, and I suspect many others in the store, seem as if they were over-priced to begin with. For example, I picked up a box of VO5 Hot Oil. Its “original price” was printed on a tag on the box that I never saw when Kmart was not closing, and all the shelf price markers have been removed. It was marked at $7.99 and that section of the store is 20 percent. A super quick google search said that the regular Walmart price was cheaper than the discounted Kmart price. Nice try, liquidators. Basically, it’s like any sale — you have to walk in there with a sense of how much things are really worth. And patience usually pays off, except if you wanted any make-up or power tools, then it’s slim pickins. Check out the photos above to give you an idea of where the sales are at and the current condition of the store. Next: I Went to the Lubbock Kmart Closing Sale This Weekend & It Was Madness Next: Do You Remember Lubbock’s Showplace 6, AKA The $1 Theater? WATCH: Sneak Peek: Blood Moon Manor at Nightmare on 19th Street Category: Lubbock News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 The Fan Watch Lubbock Santa Land’s Massive New Tree Being Built Texas Longhorns Player Shows Poor Judgment Handling Tortilla [Photo] Dancing Ugly Christmas Sweater-Wearing Warriors Fan Is Beyond Awesome Who Wins Saturday Afternoon? Texas Tech or Oklahoma State? [POLL] Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Rob Snyder Rob Breaux Meet The Staff Find Us on Facebook The Latest From 1340 The Fan Protest Against Donald Trump in Lubbock Planned For January 6 hours ago Hallucinating Man With Multiple Knives Shot After Breaking Into Neighbor’s Home 11 hours ago Man Reportedly Shot in the Face Outside Lubbock Motel 12 hours ago This Week’s Best Cleavage Ever 12 hours ago See All Latest News 1340 The Fan's Daily Deal Certificate for a Rear Parking Assist System From Crime Stopper Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lubbock Business Listings Welcome back to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://1340thefan.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: Sign up for SportsRadio 1340 The Fan Register Now Sign up for SportsRadio 1340 The Fan quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: Never Miss the Latest News from SportsRadio 1340 The Fan. Like Us on Facebook SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: SportsRadio 1340 The Fan Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Custom Search Home Recent News Categories Archives Help Section Submit Free Register Partners Contact Login Sun, 13 Nov 2016 21:37:20 -0600 Home Recent News PR Categories PR Writing Tips PR Dont's Sample Releases Submit Press Release Archives Contact us Hire a PR Writer Register FREE Login Advertise Arts Business Computers Education Entertainment Events Finance Internet Medicine Real Estate Society Sports Technology Travel Submit a Press Release FREE ! Register FREE ! 38 Acres Sold in Bradenton, FL for 216 Apartments 2016-10-17 Print Tweet   BRADENTON, FLORIDA  Park 30 Partners, LLC have purchased 38.5 acres at 33rd St E. and 55th Drive E. in Bradenton for $2.7 million. The property is located 1-1/2 blocks from the SEC of SR 70 and US 301 on 33rd St E. 38.5 Acres in Bradenton Sold for $2.7 Million. Dennis Kotaska and Erick Shumway of RE/MAX Alliance Group Were the Listing Agents FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE / PRURGENT BRADENTON, FLORIDA  Park 30 Partners, LLC have purchased 38.5 acres for $2.7 MM, has recently been rezoned to accommodate 216 apartments. Dennis Kotaska and Erick Shumway of RE/MAX Alliance Group represented the seller, Royal Palm LLC. Alan Forrester of Opportunity Real Estate, LLC and Brian McCarthy of Starboard Tack, LLC, represented the buyer. The deal closed Monday, February 1. The buyers plan to build 216 apartments. The property is located near Sam's Club, Walmart and shopping. Broker-Associate Dennis Kotaska is among one of the top 7 percent of RE/MAX agents worldwide and a member of the RE/MAX Hall of Fame and RE/MAX Platinum Club. He and his wife, Terri, are agents in the RE/MAX Alliance Group Sarasota office at 2000 Webber Street, Sarasota, Florida 34239. He can be reached at (941) 815-6772 or www.SarasotaHousing.com.   Contact Info RE/MAX ALLIANCE GROUP 2000 Webber St. Sarasota, FL 34239 Phone: 941-815-6772 Website: http://www.sarasotahousing.com       (C) 2014 - PR Urgent News. All Rights Reserved Terms of use | Contact | Advertise Disclaimer: We accept no responsibility for accuracy and completeness for any information of press releases published on this site as they are submitted directly by different companies/individuals/third parties. We recommend to directly contact the poster through the contact information published on the news release.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Deutsche Bank AG (USA) (DB), Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Deutsche Bank may be shrinking its U.S. business Oct 17, 2016, 9:06 am EST  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     Stocks could be on the decline as world trade slows down, as new trade agreements may hamper corporate profits, putting a damper on markets around the globe. U.S. stocks gained slightly on Friday following a frantic week. U.S. equity prices have been supported for the past three decades by an acceleration of global trade and a freer flow of capital. Those lifted economic growth and allowed companies to take advantage of new markets and economies of scale. The S&P 500 is up nearly ninefold since October 1986, according to FactSet. Several companies were in the news over the weekend, including Deutsche Bank AG (USA) (NYSE:DB), Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTWO) and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Here’s how they did: Deutsche Bank AG (USA) (DB) Deutsche Bank announced Saturday the possibility of the company shrinking its U.S. operations. The 10 Best Dividend Stocks for Every Retirement Portfolio The bank is looking to make such a move due to increasing legal expenses that could cut into the company’s capital, according to two sources close to the matter. On Friday, the firm announced plans to stop hiring workers in the U.S. for this reason. Earlier in the week, Deutsche Bank also revealed plans to cut more jobs, which could bring the total number of workers laid off up to 10,000. This figure would be about twice as large as what the bank originally planned. Now, the company will likely shrink operations stateside, which is a topic it has discussed with U.S. authorities. DB shares are down 44.4% YTD. Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) Rockstar Games, Inc. — owned by Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. — teased Red Dead Redemption 2 on its social media sites yesterday. Sunday morning began with an image on social media that shows the studio’s logo in black on red. An announcement surrounding the new title in the series may follow soon. However, not all fans are optimistic due to the fact that Rockstar Games could simply be promoting the re-release of the original game. In April 2016, an image was unveiled that allegedly showed a map from the new game Red Dead Redemption 2. The first game in the franchise was released in 2010. TTWO shares are up 19.4% over the last six months. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) WMT has removed a Halloween item that has stirred controversy in its stores. The Tupac Shakur “Thug Life” outfit has been deemed as offensive by the black community as the image portrays a black man as a thug — a violent criminal — and there are no versions of that mask with a white man. Several customers went on social media to express their displeasure with Walmart over the inclusion of such an item. The company did not explain the reason behind pulling the item, which retailed for $12.99. In other news, Walmart’s wage hike is now bearing fruits as customer satisfaction has gone up since the company increased its starting wage to $10 an hour. However, profits and stock prices have declined since this move. Synnex Corporation (SNX) Ripe for a Short-Term Pop Additionally, the company celebrated Walmart Wellness Day on Saturday, offering free health care services including blood pressure check-ups, flu shots and insurance information. WMT stock has declined 7.1% over the last three months. As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 10 Hot Stocks That Made Millionaires in 10 Years Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/3-stocks-to-watch-on-monday-deutsche-bank-ag-usa-db-take-two-interactive-software-inc-ttwo-and-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
null
