
null
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Problem Solvers 4 Our Veterans Local Hot Spots Community Traffic Sports Weather 35° 35° Low 15° High 42° Fri 30° 49° Sat 35° 42° Sun 26° 52° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Audio recording of man’s voice, suspect’s picture released in murder of Delphi teens Walmart to give away free cupcakes at Supercenters Sunday Posted 10:45 am, March 11, 2017, by CBS4 Web Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest To celebrate everyone’s birthday everywhere, Walmart is giving customers a free sweet treat on Sunday, March 12. The giveaway is a part of Walmart’s Best Birthday Ever event, which celebrates everyone’s special day regardless of the day they were born. In total, the company expects to give away nearly 3 million cupcakes. All customers have to do is visit their local Walmart (Supercenter locations only) for a free cupcake – either vanilla or chocolate with white buttercream or whipped icing – between 12 p.m. and 4 p.m. local time. Cupcakes are available while supplies last. Around 89,500 cupcakes are expected to be given away in Indiana alone. And remember, clocks will “spring forward” an hour for daylight savings time Sunday. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Delphi investigation: Latest information and timeline in the case of two murdered teens Click here to see our coverage of the case of two Delphi teenagers who were killed and what investigators are doing to find the killer. Popular IU fires head baskball coach Tom Crean after nine years Makeover of Colts’ roster well underway with Chris Ballard ‘Somebody has named the right person’ says prosecutor in hunt for Delphi killer Pilot identified after fatal helicopter crash in White County Latest News Car-train crash kills Marion man How Twitter reacted to Tom Crean being fired Ball State professor says bosses should embrace NCAA Tournament, employees will watch anyway Kokomo restaurant inducted into Pizza Hall of Fame National & World News Walmart offering free two-day shipping for online orders with no membership required News Looking for Hatchimals? Indiana stores getting new shipments of season’s hottest toy News IndyGo announces holiday service schedule News Officials: Dam water level continues to drop News Don’t order too late for Christmas! Find shipping deadlines for major retailers News Check out these free activities in Indianapolis on MLK Day News Indy Parks in need of lifeguards; free training available in March Crime News Indianapolis Walmart employee charged with battery after allegedly attacking customer National & World Damaged dam: Gov. Brown says he was unaware of flood concerns Sports Schedule of NCAA Tournament practices and games in Indianapolis News TIMELINE | Disappearance and deaths of Delphi teenagers Liberty German and Abigail Williams Nicole in Your Neighborhood Urban Chalkboard offers playtime for kids and parents in Carmel National & World LATEST: Damaged dam work continues; evacuated homes burglarized Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Amazon 9 Amazon Prime perks you're probably not using By Kim Komando Published March 11, 2017 The Kim Komando Show Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print File photo - A wide body aircraft emblazoned with Amazon's Prime logo is unloaded at Lehigh Valley International Airport in Allentown, Pennsylvania, U.S. December 20, 2016. Picture taken Dec. 20, 2016. (REUTERS/Mark Makela) Amazon.com likes to change the rules. First it sold books online. Then it launched an online shopping revolution. When it started the subscription service Amazon Prime, customers received two-day shipments for free. Each innovation caused a paradigm shift in how we shop and entertain ourselves. Amazon is not without competition. Walmart has definitely taken aim. Click here to learn which site offers cheaper prices, Amazon or Walmart. More than 65 million people were actively enrolled in Amazon Prime last year, paying $10.99 per month or $99 per year. Many customers use their accounts for free shipping, but they don’t realize that there are other terrific benefits as well. Here are nine Prime perks you may not be using. Free same-day delivery It sounds too good to be true: You order an item, and someone hand-delivers it within a few hours. How is this possible? Amazon Prime Now usually works like this. You can order a product by noon and expect to receive it by 9 p.m., sometimes even within an hour. Click here to learn more about same-day delivery. Share benefits with others There you were, enjoying the rewards of an Amazon Prime membership, when you moved in with your significant other, who also orders a lot of stuff online. You can share the same Prime membership with two other adults in your household. To do this, go to Account Settings >> Manage Your Content and Devices >> Settings >> Holds and Family Library >> Invite Adult. More from Kim Komando New breakthrough technology stores 1,000 times more data One Instagram secret you won't know unless you get hacked Optimize Windows 10 for longer battery life Watch out! Scary new Facebook scam spreading now Tip in a tip: Shopping on Amazon the right way is more than clicking items and loading up your cart. Once you learn a few tricks, you’ll find sales and price cuts that you never imagined possible. Click here for five insider secrets to save money on Amazon.com. Watch streaming video Amazon Studios gained global attention at the 2017 Academy Awards when Casey Affleck won Best Actor for “Manchester by the Sea.” Like Netflix and Hulu, Amazon is producing a wide range of high-quality programs, and critics are giving the retail giant a big thumb’s up. Amazon also offers a colossal library of movies and TV series, from HBO flagships like “The Wire” to indie films like “The Lobster.” Keep in mind that not every flick or episode is available for free, but you can easily buy or order a streaming version of almost any movie imaginable. You can also download certain titles to watch offline. Click here for the steps on how to do this. Download free music Many people enjoy their first year of Prime membership without ever knowing they can download music for free. That’s right: download. You can also stream songs, the same way you stream music on Apple Music, Spotify and Pandora, but you can also choose from more than a million mp3s to keep forever on your phone or computer. The Prime Music app is also a handy tool. You can upload your own music library and listen to your songs wherever you go. Read free books and magazines Amazon started as an online bookstore, so it’s no wonder the megastore would nod to its roots with free volumes on Kindle. Amazon Prime reading offers you a trove of ebooks, comics and magazines that you can download at no charge to pretty much any device. The selections rotate regularly, just as they do for Prime Video. So if the book you want to read isn’t there now, it may become available in a few months. Just download the Kindle app and you should be ready to read. Verbophiles can even use the built-in dictionary to look up unfamiliar words. Use special cloud storage The truth is scary: Many people still don’t back up their hard drives. These folks are always one man-made or natural disaster away from losing all their pictures, music, videos and documents. If you don’t already have a dependable storage service but you do have a Prime membership, you can use Amazon’s handy Cloud Drive, which gives members 5GB of storage for music and videos. Even better: You can use Amazon Prints to turn some of those stored photos into beautiful, frame-worthy images. Click here to find out how to print high-quality photos for cheap. Order food and domestic goods Imagine calling up your supermarket, ordering 45 pounds of groceries, and having them deliver it to your home for an extra $5.99. Sound fantastic? Well, that’s basically what Amazon Pantry does. The service is still working out its kinks, so you won’t find the same selection you’d find at your local Super Target. But the idea is catching on, and many customers appreciate its versatility. Prime membership grants you access to a wider array of products. If you like the service, you can also subscribe to Amazon Family for $99, which gets you some extra perks, such as discounts on diapers. Get a discount on games Diehard gamers love to be the first to nab a new release. Amazon Prime members get a 20 percent discount on video game pre-orders and new releases. This applies to any game that has hit the market within two weeks of ordering. Just keep in mind that it applies only to physical copies of the game, and it doesn’t include console game bundles. Get restaurant meals delivered to your door Just when you thought DoorDash was a wild innovation, Amazon created its own dining delivery service. Just visit Amazon Restaurants and order a multicourse meal. Granted, you have to live in a city where Amazon Prime Now already exists. But if you do, you’re guaranteed to receive your steaming entrée within an hour! What other digital life benefits are you missing out on? Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com. Copyright 2017, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. Advertisement TRENDING IN TECH 1 T-Mobile engineers in Dallas to fix 911 glitch after baby's death 2 Military personnel data leaked in Dun & Bradstreet database 3 Uber delivers free Girl Scout cookies in Pennsylvania 4 Formerly classified nuclear test films are now on YouTube 5 Ray Kurzweil predicts computers will be as smart as humans in 12 years See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Police chase Walmart incident leads to police chase, stolen car arrest in Johnson City Johnson City Press • Updated Mar 10, 2017 at 4:51 PM A police chase that began early Thursday morning with a disturbance at a Johnson City Walmart ended with the arrest of a Jonesborough man on numerous charges Friday, police said. About 12:30 a.m. Thursday, police were called to the Walmart at 2915 W. Market St. about an unwanted visitor. As police arrived, dispatchers informed them that the visitor had walked across the street toward American Classic Suites. Police then saw a blue Chevrolet Cavalier moving recklessly in the parking lot of Discount Tire and tried to stop it, but the driver sped away. Police said they found the Cavalier on South Barton Street behind a vacant house, but the driver had fled on foot. Police learned the vehicle had been stolen from the Discount Tire parking lot, and the identified the driver as Christopher L. McInturff, 33, 221 Dry Creek Road, Jonesborough. They arrested McInturff after a shoplifting incident early Friday morning. He was charged with motor vehicle theft, felony evading arrest, a habitual motor offender violation and reckless driving. He was held in the Washington County Detention Center on $26,000 bond awaiting a Sessions Court appearance set for later Friday morning. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Saga Communications, Inc. (SGA) Major Shareholder Towerview Llc Sells 310 Shares Sheldon Inwentash Acquires 100,000 Shares of Northern Sphere Mining Corp (NSM) Stock Store Capital Corp (STOR) Director William Franklin Hipp Purchases 4,000 Shares Shawn Nelson Sells 23,512 Shares of Intertape Polymer Group (ITP) Stock Proteon Therapeutics’ (PRTO) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Robert W. Baird Royal Bank of Canada Trims PTC Therapeutics, Inc. (PTCT) Target Price to $10.00 Stephen J. Glaser Purchases 281 Shares of MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) Stock Insider Buying: Eagle Financial Services Inc (EFSI) Director Purchases $11,140.00 in Stock John Macdonald Buys 800 Shares of Enercare Inc. (ECI) Stock Sonic Foundry Inc (SOFO) CEO Acquires $14,580.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Acquires $14,346.00 in Stock Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) Downgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARLZ) Price Target Lowered to $5.50 at Chardan Capital Close Brothers Group plc’s (CBG) “Equal weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Wolseley plc (WOS) Receives Top pick Rating from Barclays PLC ContraFect Corp’s (CFRX) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Maxim Group Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (HIK) Given “Buy” Rating at Peel Hunt SYNNEX Co. (SNX) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Craig Hallum Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Now Covered by Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Posted by William Strong on Mar 11th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Fmr LLC cut its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 7.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 11,355,629 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 892,799 shares during the period. Fmr LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $784,901,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $104,000. BKS Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $110,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $127,000. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 70.10 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $68.71 and a 200-day moving average price of $69.92. The company has a market cap of $214.86 billion, a PE ratio of 16.00 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52-week low of $62.72 and a 52-week high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The company earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.49 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.91%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/11/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-sold-by-fmr-llc.html. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the company. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, November 19th. Piper Jaffray Companies reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, February 10th. They set a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. MKM Partners set a $72.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $74.85. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 12,617,391 shares of company stock valued at $900,745,763 in the last quarter. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Next » National Instruments Corp (NATI) Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 49° View Live Radar Fri H 62° L 53° Sat H 67° L 38° Sun H 62° L 40° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Business Briefs: Wal-Mart gives cupcakes for free Sunday afternoon Business Briefs: Wal-Mart gives cupcakes for free Sunday afternoon March 11th, 2017 by Dave Flessner in Business Around the Region Wal-Mart gives cupcakes for free Sunday afternoon Whether it is your birthday or not, Wal-Mart Supercenters in Chattanooga will be giving everyone free birthday cupcakes Sunday from noon to 4 p.m. Wal-Mart expects to give away 3 million free cupcakes nationwide, including 99,120 in Tennessee. All Wal-Mart Supercenters will give away one free chocolate or vanilla cupcake per customer to anyone who wants one, regardless of when their birthdays are. This is the first time Wal-Mart has ever done a cupcake giveaway on this scale. Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press. Chattanooga Auto Square names Sconzo as manager Steven Sconzo has been named executive general manager of Chattanooga Auto Square, which comprises four luxury automotive brands: Jaguar, Porsche, Land Rover and Infiniti. Sconzo comes to Chattanooga from Hilton Head Island, S.C., where he was luxury platform manager for Coastal States Automotive Group. He has more than 25 years of experience working in the luxury automotive space, including with three of the brands he will manage at Chattanooga Auto Square: Jaguar, Porsche and Land Rover. Sconzo says he is excited to work with the Infiniti brand. "I learned a long time ago to treat every customer like they are a guest in your home," he said. "We are excited to be in a city with a strong culture and a history of innovation." Chattanooga Auto Square, located on Lee Highway near the I-75 Bonny Oaks Drive exit, is a division of Furrow Automotive, which has served the luxury automotive needs of East Tennesseans for more than 100 years. BMW recalls 34,000 SUVs over driveshafts BMW is adding nearly 134,000 SUVs to a 2016 recall to fix driveshaft joints that can fail and could cause the vehicles to stop moving. The expanded recall covers certain X5 and X6 SUVs from the 2011 to 2014 model years in the U.S. and Canada. The company recalled about 21,000 of the vehicles last year. It decided to expand the recall after getting more warranty claims. BMW says some front universal joint seals were manufactured wrong and can let water and dirt into the joint. That can cause faster wear and potential failure. The company says in government documents that it has no reports of crashes or injuries. BMW will replace the front driveshaft at no cost to owners starting on April 24. Caterpillar refutes challenges that it skirted tax laws Caterpillar, a week after its headquarters and other facilities were raided by a number of federal agencies including the Internal Revenue Service, denied that it had broken any federal tax laws. "The IRS has challenged Caterpillar's taxes for years 2007-2012," the company said Friday. "We disagree with the IRS' position, have cooperated for requests for information and believe that we are compliant with tax laws and stand by our financial reporting." Caterpillar has been challenged for some time by federal agencies in regard to its accounting practices, and last week the company said that the raids may have been related to a Swiss business called CSARL. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission last month, Caterpillar said that the IRS had informed the company that it owed $2 billion in additional taxes for the years 2010 to 2012 because of profits from that Swiss unit. "Caterpillar takes very seriously its obligation to follow tax law and pay what it owes," the company said Friday. More Articles Read previous article Test Drive: New Genesis G80 does many things well Read next article Business Calendar: Events and seminars in the Chattanooga area Chattanooga Times Free Press Latest Articles Woman taken to hospital after crashing into pole LIVE: Hamilton County school board meets to discuss financing, agenda Daisy Elementary worker charged with stealing more than $60,000 from child care fund Record number of Hamilton County students are going to college after graduation Fifty-four area arrests made as multiple agencies crack down on crime Highway 153 crash stalls traffic Chattanoogans at Trump speech impressed with message [video] Hamilton County: Application withdrawn for tax break for affordable housing units A third defendant goes to grand jury for fireworks fracas 'Stop movement' order issued after avian flu suspected in Jackson County chickens Luncheon honors Chattanooga Girls Leadership Academy's success Volunteers of America helps 60 veterans find employment
Skip to main content Left Menu Latest Calendar Legals Social Wall Search Search for Search form Search Login | Logout Home Latest Social Wall Polls Weather Legal News Breaking Local State National Business Crime Emergency Responders Health Local Government Obituaries Politics Videos Weather Sports Addison Cold Springs Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Meek St. Bernard Prep Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County College Local Sports Outdoors Professional Parks & Rec Culture Entertainment Historical Entertainment Art Music Pop Culture Family Festival Health Historical Lifestyle Religion Education Cullman Christian Cullman City Cullman County Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul's Wallace State Opinion Editorial Voice Alerts County Schools CCSO City Schools CPD Road Closings Weather Local Local law enforcement officers raising funds for Special Olympics; catch them Saturday at south Wal-Mart News Local W.C. Mann 5 days 22 hours ago Cullman County Sheriff’s Office Capt. Mark Persall and Lt. Rex Sorrow   CULLMAN - This weekend, the Cullman County Sheriff’s Office (CCSO) and Cullman Police Department (CPD) are out in force, for a worthy cause.  Deputies and officers were at the south Cullman Wal-Mart Friday and will be again tomorrow, Saturday, taking donations to help support Cullman’s Special Olympians, and to provide free services to Olympians and their families at the local meet scheduled for April 21 in Cullman. “It’s our fundraiser for local special needs children who participate in the Special Olympics,” said Sheriff Matt Gentry.  “You’re going to see deputies out there, and you’re going to see volunteers.  We’ll have bands at the south Wal-Mart playing music.  Lt. (Rex) Sorrow (who heads up the program) is very passionate about Special Olympics and helping them in those events and in the schools, to help them meet their goals.  The deputies get very involved; it’s a great thing for the deputies and the community.” The Tribune caught up with Sorrow at the south Wal-Mart, and he shared: “We have CPD and deputies here, and a lot of volunteers from our Citizens’ Academy.  We do this every year to raise funds for our special needs students, who’ll be having their track and field games on April 21 at Woodard Stadium.  They normally have to go and find people who’ll sponsor their T-shirts, meals and different things like that.  I told Bridget Keith, who’s over the Cullman County part of the Special Olympics, ‘Look, y’all don’t have to do that anymore.  We’re going to raise enough money to pay for your T-shirts, pay for your medals and food.  We’re going to come out and cook hot dogs and hamburgers, and we’re going to let not only the kids but the parents also eat, and it’s going to be free.’  One-hundred percent of this goes toward that.” This year’s event is a little different from the past, with live entertainment at Wal-Mart that includes local school bands, FFA string bands, bluegrass and gospel performers.  The CCSO is even giving awards for the best act in each of those categories.  The CCSO also has its mobile command center and several department vehicles on-site, along with a reproduction of the Mayberry Sheriff’s patrol car from “The Andy Griffith Show.” The public is encouraged to come out, enjoy live entertainment, and drop a little something in the buckets of officers and deputies who will be at store entrances Saturday. Copyright 2017 Humble Roots, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Musical impersonator Kevin Adams performs CCSO Communications Director Bradley Williams, Capt. Ricky Blackwood and Capt. Mark Persall Keywords:  Featured News Local Wal-Mart Cullman County Sheriff's Office Cullman City Police Department Special Olympics Fundraiser View the discussion thread. Social Stream Trending Latest Updated: 2 days 6 hours ago Vinemont woman perishes in early morning fire Updated: 1 day 6 hours ago Mo’s Joes and the Sunflour Bakery & Eatery: Cullman Business District’s new... Updated: 2 days 20 hours ago Happy birthday to Candi Staton, Colony's international star Updated: 2 days 6 hours ago Bird flu infects poultry at 3 sites in north Alabama Updated: 2 days 6 hours ago Former Cullman County Sheriff David Laney dies at 60 Updated: 5 sec ago West Morgan claims Fairview Golf Invitational title; Aggies' McKelvy the low medalist Updated: 3 hours 55 min ago Athens pair arrested for vehicle break-in on I-65 Updated: 7 hours 57 min ago AL Dept. of Ag issues order banning exhibition and sale of poultry due to avian influenza concerns Updated: 8 hours 24 min ago Cullman PALS preparing for spring cleanup and beautification awards Updated: 22 hours 28 min ago Morning music: "Put Your Records On"   Follow Us © CullmanSense - Community Matters 2017 ▲ Top
Trending: 7 Dumb and Costly Moves Homebuyers MakeThe IRS Is Calling! Here’s What to Do6 Ways Spring Weather Helps Your Money GrowThe Fed Hikes Rates Again: 3 Steps You Should Take NowHow to Make Extra Dough by Buying and Delivering Groceries50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 Register / Login Articles Trending 7 Dumb and Costly Moves Homebuyers Make The IRS Is Calling! Here’s What to Do 6 Ways Spring Weather Helps Your Money Grow The Fed Hikes Rates Again: 3 Steps You Should Take Now How to Make Extra Dough by Buying and Delivering Groceries 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 Categories Around The House Business Cars College Credit & Debt Eco-Friendly Family Insurance Investing Jobs & Work Real Estate Retirement Shopping Taxes Tech Travel Ripoffs Ask Stacy Video Vintage Deals Coupons Solutions MTN Solutions Center No matter what your financial situation, whether you have more debt than you can deal with or are just looking for a credit card with better rewards, we can help you find what you need. Get help with Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Register Login Deals Coupons Solutions Search for: Search Search for: Search Sign up for our free newsletter and we'll send you a PDF with 205 ways to save! Click here to sign up now! Sign up Family Score Free Cupcakes at Walmart on Sunday More Great Articles! Our free newsletter is filled with articles just like this. Sign up now and get a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up We respect your privacy and do not share or sell email addresses. See our Privacy Policy for more information. Daily Tips That Can Change Your Life Join our 367,482 active subscribers! Daily tips to make more, spend less, and reach your goals Fun-to-watch videos, easy-to-read articles Get any money question answered in our forums Sign up Thank you for all of the advice and news you share; it is priceless! I post so many of your things on Facebook. Please keep up the great work. Harmony These are real, unsolicited comments from our readers. Popular Videos How to Make Things Last Longer Best and Worst Things to Buy in January 2017 The Most Valuable Things You Can Get Free (If You Know Where to Look) Recent Videos Rookie Mistakes Homebuyers Make Tax Hacks 2017: What to Do When the IRS Calls Financial Spring Cleaning What's Hot This Free Software Brings Old Laptops Back to LifeMore The Most Sinful City in the U.S. Is … (Hint: It’s Not Vegas)Family 2 Types of Black Marks Might Vanish From Your Credit File SoonBorrow Where to Sell Your Stuff for Top DollarAround The House 6 Ways the Obamacare Overhaul Might Impact Your WalletInsurance 21 Restaurants Offering Free Food Right NowSaving Money House Hunters: Beware of These 6 Mortgage MistakesBorrow 4 Car Insurers That Might Raise Rates Even When the Accident Wasn’t Your FaultCars Boost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 MovesCredit & Debt Beware These 12 Common Money MistakesCredit & Debt 25 Ways to Spend Less on FoodMore 30 Household Uses for Baby OilSave 14 Ways to Maximize Your Social Security ChecksGrow Nearly Half of Heart-Related Deaths Linked to These 10 Foods and IngredientsFamily 2 Websites Help You Find Unclaimed MoneyMake Hooray! The retail giant is giving away 3 million sweet cupcake treats on Sunday. By Krystal Steinmetz on March 10, 2017 Photo by Joy Brown / Shutterstock.com If you are looking for a free treat on Sunday, Walmart is the place to be. The retail giant wants to celebrate your birthday — no matter what day or month it is — by giving you a free cupcake on March 12. Walmart is handing out 3 million free cupcakes between noon and 4 p.m. on Sunday at its superstore locations across the country, Delish reports. A source at Walmart confirmed the freebie to Money Talks News. The cupcakes will be available in chocolate or vanilla, with white buttercream or whipped icing. No coupon or purchase is necessary to score the free treat. All you need to do is show up at a Walmart Supercenter between noon and 4 p.m. on March 12. If you love filling your belly with free food, check out “21 Restaurants Offering Free Food Right Now.” Do you plan on satisfying your sweet tooth craving with a free cupcake at Walmart? Sound off below or on Facebook. It's not the usual blah, blah, blah I know... every site you visit wants you to subscribe to their newsletter. But our news and advice is actually worth reading! For 25 years, I've been making people richer without making their eyes glaze over. Take 5 seconds and join our family by clicking here. You'll be glad you did. I guarantee it! Want to learn to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Want tons of ways to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Looking to get out of the rat race? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Daily tips to make and save money Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up 💰🗣📰 Read Next: How to Find Thousands of Freebies Promoted Content More Money Talks News How to Find Thousands of Freebies Secret Cell Plans: Savings Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint Don’t Want You to Know About 7 Dumb and Costly Moves Homebuyers Make The IRS Is Calling! Here’s What to Do 6 Ways Spring Weather Helps Your Money Grow The Fed Hikes Rates Again: 3 Steps You Should Take Now How to Make Extra Dough by Buying and Delivering Groceries 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 Comments Check Out Our Hottest Deals! We're always adding new deals and coupons that'll save you big bucks. See the deals to the right and hundreds more in our Deals section. Click here to explore 1,967 more deals! Game of Thrones: Season 5 in SD for free Ugg Men's Freamon Suede Chukka Boots for $37 + $8 s&h © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. As Seen on TV! We air as part of the local newscast on more than 80 NBC, CBS, ABC, and Fox television affiliates around the country. Find your local affiliate on our map or contact your favorite station and tell them you want Money Talks News. × It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Articles to help you save money and build wealth, delivered daily. Sign up now and receive a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up No thanks, I'm not all that into money.
null
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Local March 10, 2017 8:08 PM New Walmart Neighborhood Market opening in Myrtle Beach this month i By Megan Tomasic mtomasic@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A new Walmart Neighborhood Market is coming to Myrtle Beach and its opening day is March 22. Staff, vendors and customers will celebrate the opening of the market, located at 1705 South Kings Highway, with various festivities and games beginning at 7 a.m. &nbsp; “Pepsi’s going to bring some inflatables,” store manager Sherrie Carlisle said. “We’ll have some of the characters out, we’ll have the Planter’s Peanut, we’re going to have the Pelican from Pelican stadium … we’ll have the polar bear, the Coke Polar Bear. We’ll actually have some free things to give out and coupons and different things like that.” On top of that, the mayor, the Chamber of Commerce and the Myrtle Beach High School ROTC will be in attendance. While the location is convenient for locals, who will no longer have to travel to the larger Walmart Supercenters, it is also close to the beach and various hotels. “We’re right here, you know,” said Carlisle. “They won’t even have to cross [U.S.] 17 to get to a shopping center. A lot of the customers can either walk, or if they ride a bike or golf cart, and they can get here very easily.” Walmart Neighborhood Markets are unique compared to the Supercenters because they are smaller and designed for convenience, and have a pharmacy, deli, bakery and fresh produce. “We offer a large assortment like the Supercenter; however, it’s a lot closer,” said Calisle. The new location is a prototype, meaning that the look of the market is cleaner and fresher looking while offering more customer space. The market has a new make-your-own pizza option where customers can customize their own pizza and have it cooked at the market or take it home to cook. “I think that’s going to be a key item, especially for the tourists at the hotels,” said Carlisle. The number for the make-your-own pizza option is 843-353-5635. The market will also have a beach shop, making it easy to purchase last-minute beach needs. The opening of the new market brought over 100 jobs to the Myrtle Beach area, ranging from maintenance, cashiers, managers and others. A hiring event was held in January when the company set up a temporary hiring center at 1517 N. Kings Highway, The Sun News reported. About 90 associates were hired at the event, but the market continued to hire afterward. “We’re expecting to have a really busy area being this close to the beach,” Carlisle said. “So we’re going to hire some temporary associates for the summertime as well.” Those interested in applying for part-time or temporary associate positions can submit applications at www.walmart.com. This location marks the fifth location along the Grand Strand with others in Murrells Inlet, The Market Common, across from Ocean Lakes Family Campground and in the Village Square Shopping Center. Megan Tomasic: 843-626-0343, @MeganTomasic Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Local Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:16 Gun charges dropped against man paralyzed in Myrtle Beach drug raid Pause 0:42 Murrells Inlet-Garden City put out beachhouse blaze 1:37 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 3.6 1:28 "Golden Mile" residents ask city leaders to protect neighborhood from strangers 0:16 Tow truck loads demolished vehicle after deadly crash 1:55 Residents weigh in on school board's proposed raises 1:58 Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' 1:26 Witnesses describe deadly bus-train collision in Biloxi, Miss. 2:28 Patrick Carroll of Dirty Don's Oyster Bar & Grill in Myrtle Beach shows off "Patrick's Painkiller" | Hot Pour 0:36 Naika Venant's mother: I have to bury my baby Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 3.14 1:59 3 days ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 3.14 1:00 3 days ago Police, clergy team up to better community 1:17 3 days ago Urine and bleach send man to hospital View more video Local He was convicted of cocaine trafficking in 2009. This year, it was heroin. He was shot 9 times by police who said he had a gun. Those charges didn’t hold up. Great white shark pinged offshore from Myrtle Beach Gun charges dropped against man shot in police raid Eastern Star honors area first responders Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Weather 70° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Walmart to give free cupcakes to everyone Sunday Chuck Campbell, Knoxville (Tenn.) News Sentinel , KHOU 6:32 AM. CST March 11, 2017 (Photo: RuthBlack, Getty Images/iStockphoto) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST KNOXVILLE, Tenn. --- Happy birthday, everybody! Seriously, everybody. Walmart has declared Sunday, March 12, everybody’s birthday and will be giving out one free cupcake to each person at their Supercenters from 1 to 4 p.m. – regardless of when their actual birthday is. Customers don’t need any coupons or special codes, they just have to show up and pick between a chocolate or vanilla cupcake with buttercream or whipped topping. Walmart expects to give away 3 million cupcakes this Sunday, about 99,120 in Tennessee alone, according to Walmart spokesperson Anne Hatfield. Don’t forget to set your clocks forward an hour Saturday night for Daylight Saving Time - so you procrastinators don’t show up after the promotion ends at 4. Here are some other places you can eat for free on your actual birthday: Denny's: Free breakfast IHOP: Free pancakes Olive Garden: Free dessert Ruby Tuesday: Free Burger Dairy Queen: Buy one, get one coupon on your birthday. In order to get the deals, you must have an I.D. and in some cases may have to sign up for rewards programs. USA TODAY CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Investigation continues into report of shots fired at rodeo Viewer video: Chaos at RodeoHouston after reports of possible shooting 3 in custody after robbery at Pappas BBQ HPD responding to possible shooting at rodeo Popular gas station chain, Buc-ee's, sues roadside competitor Firefighters tackle blaze at refinery in Houston KHOU 11 Breaking News Navasota Train Death Vigil Rodeo attendees exit stadium following possible shooting Deadly fire in SE Houston More Stories Two arrests made in connection with suicide of Texas… Mar 16, 2017, 1:40 p.m. HPD: Bullet casing found on rodeo grounds, man arrested Mar 15, 2017, 10:03 p.m. 2 killed in fire at boarding house in SE Houston Mar 16, 2017, 4:40 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Home Expat Country Forums All Expat Forums Australia Forum Britain Forum Canada Forum Cyprus Forum Dubai Forum Egypt Forum France Forum Germany Forum Greece Forum HK Forum Italy Forum Japan Forum Mexico Forum NZ Forum Philippines Forum Portugal Forum Singapore Forum Spain Forum SA Forum Thailand Forum Turkey Forum USA Forum Rest of the World Expat Country News All Expat News Australia News Britain News Canada News Cyprus News Dubai News Egypt News France News Germany News Greece News HK News Italy News Japan News NZ News Philippines News Portugal News Singapore News Spain News SA News Thailand News Turkey News USA News Expat Misc News Register Contact Information About Terms Privacy Premium Subscription Authors Contact   Expat Forum For People Moving Overseas And Living Abroad > Asia > Philippines Expat Forum US sites and protectionism :) User Name Remember Me? Password Register FAQ Community Links Social Groups Pictures & Albums Contacts & Friends Members List Calendar Today's Posts Search Show Threads   Show Posts Tag Search Advanced Search Join Today Philippines Expat Forum The Philippines Expats Forum is dedicated those individuals that have chosen to make Philippines their new home. This forum is an ideal place for Expats now living in Philippines to meet and discuss all aspects to their new way of life. Go to Page... 1Likes Top All This Page US sites and protectionism :) Page 1 of 2 1 2 >   Thread Tools   #1 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 03:32 AM pronse Member   Join Date: Apr 2009 Posts: 59 Rep Power: 0 33 likes received 6 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. US sites and protectionism :) Lately, many US websites (Walmart, Netflix, banks, shopping, etc) would show you a failed msg if you try to access them from out of the US! I can understand the reasons but it's indicative of how vulnerable we've become and don't really know how to confront it? What's the meaning of being an American if you can't travel? Duh! I use VPNs to connect as if I am in the US. It's expensive to block VPN connections but some do. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk   #2 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 04:54 AM Tukaram Member   Join Date: Dec 2014 Location: Iloilo Posts: 323 Rep Power: 61 347 likes received 3 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. I think it has mostly to do with advertising money. Before Netflix was available in the PIs I could use a VPN with no problems. Now that they are licensed in the PIs they keep trying to block the VPNs. A good VPN company still gets around it. The Philippine Netflix choices are terribly limited, so I still want to use the VPN. A lot of YouTube content is restricted by countries too. I have even had online shops cancel my order as soon as I enter my mail forwarding address. It immediately kicked back as a fake address. Others have balked at the VPN. So, they know, some just don't care. My bank does not care if I use a VPN. I have a mail forwarding company handle my mail (so the bank does not have my real address). I use a VPN for the website. I use MagicJack to call them. As long as they have my money - they don't seem to care.   #3 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 08:02 AM pronse Member   Join Date: Apr 2009 Posts: 59 Rep Power: 0 33 likes received 6 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. I agree regarding Netflix. I used to get it too but switched to their flipino Netflix when they switched too. Buy, what's with the shopping sites? Walmart? Target? Etc. What's with even phone companies? What's with others? I expect more of the same though.. I too, use a mail forwarding service and still have my address in the US. Otherwise, no one would give me money What's a tried VPN that you use? It's better not to try one then discover it's not working. I use the free version of Tunnel Bear. I figured that Walmart doesn't want to ship if it discovers it. Amazon don't even require VPN for people to buy. You can order right away. No wonder Walmart is losing Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk     #4 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 10:34 AM Tukaram Member   Join Date: Dec 2014 Location: Iloilo Posts: 323 Rep Power: 61 347 likes received 3 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. I use Private Internet Access. It came highly recommended on the torrent boards. They are based outside the US. They say they keep no records of your traffic. When signing up you can pay with a store gift card (they use Target and WalMart as examples). So you never even have to give them your name or any contact info. I have used them for 3 years and been very happy with them. Recently Russia tried to make them keep tracking records - so they voluntarily shut down their Russian servers. I think it is like $35 a year.   #5 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 11:34 AM Rebaqshratz Member   Join Date: May 2016 Location: usa Posts: 55 Rep Power: 0 38 likes received 40 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. Can someone please explain what this discussion is all about. I layman's terms lol I will be full time in the PI as of early May. Thanks Reba   #6 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 12:31 PM Gary D Member   Join Date: Oct 2013 Location: Hermosa Bataan Posts: 1,173 Rep Power: 127 1003 likes received 192 likes given Originally from uk. Expat in philippines. Quote: Originally Posted by Rebaqshratz Can someone please explain what this discussion is all about. I layman's terms lol I will be full time in the PI as of early May. Thanks Reba A lot of the internet is country specific so people load special sofware on to their computers to spoof their location. It tends to be a game of cat and mouse between VPNs being blocked and new ones appearing.   #7 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 01:58 PM Tukaram Member   Join Date: Dec 2014 Location: Iloilo Posts: 323 Rep Power: 61 347 likes received 3 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. The VPN is a virtual private network. There are ways to set up your own, but most people use a service provider. The VPN allows you to trick the net into seeing your computer in another country (it basically gives you a different address). My service lets me pick what country or state I want to be "in". Some content providers (YouTube etc) restrict access by country. One of my videos I uploaded says it is not available in Germany...because of a background song in it. Odd, but ok. I find it useful in banking. Some US banks get weird if you access them from overseas. Using a VPN you can pick a server and your bank thinks you are still there. (my bank does not care but Western Union did). Some online stores also try to make you use their site in whatever country you are in. Target tries to make me use their international site (but now allows you to still use the US site). Netflix has a complete different offering of shows in the PIs and the US. Using a VPN I can tell Netflix I am in the US and get many more shows. Sometimes I switch it to Canada or England and get a different offering of shows.   #8 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 01:59 PM Tukaram Member   Join Date: Dec 2014 Location: Iloilo Posts: 323 Rep Power: 61 347 likes received 3 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. *double post*   #9 (permalink)   11th March 2017, 09:10 PM Rebaqshratz Member   Join Date: May 2016 Location: usa Posts: 55 Rep Power: 0 38 likes received 40 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. Thanks I had no clue!   #10 (permalink)   12th March 2017, 01:19 AM pronse Member   Join Date: Apr 2009 Posts: 59 Rep Power: 0 33 likes received 6 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in philippines. Check this site: whatsmyip.org. It tells what those websites can tell about you when you just visit them. Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk Rebaqshratz likes this. Page 1 of 2 1 2 > vBulletin Message   Cancel Changes Quick Reply The following errors occurred with your submission Okay Message: Options Quote message in reply? Register Now In order to be able to post messages on the Expat Forum For People Moving Overseas And Living Abroad forums, you must first register. Please enter your desired user name, your email address and other required details in the form below. User Name: Password Please enter a password for your user account. Note that passwords are case-sensitive. Password: Confirm Password: Email Address Please enter a valid email address for yourself. Email Address: Location Where you live Expat From Country Please select the country you originate from. This will appear as a flag when you make posts on the site. afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaandorraangolaantiguabarbudaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia_herzegovinabotswanabrazilbruneibulgariaburkinafasoburmaburundcambodiacamerooncanadacentralafricanrepchadchilechinacolombiacomoroscongocostaricacroatiacubacyprusczechrepublicdemrepcongodenmarkdjiboutildominicadominicanrepdubaiecuadoregyptelsalvadoenglandeq_guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafijifinlandfrancegabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagreecegrenadagrenadinesguatemalaguineabissauguinealguyanahaitihondurashong_konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyivorycoastjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonliberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacedoniamacaumadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamauritaniamauritiusmexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamoroccomozambiquenamibianaurunepalneth_antillesnetherlandsnewzealandnicaraguanigernigerianorth_koreanorwayomanpalestinepakistanpanamapapuanewguineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalpuertoricoqatarrawandaromaniarussiasao_tomesaudiarabiascotlandsenegalserbiaseychellessierraleonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon_islandssomaliasouth_koreasouthafricaspainsrilankastkitts_nevisstluciasudansurinameswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotongatrinidadandtobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistantuvalauaeugandaukukraineuruguayusaussruzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamwaleswestern_samoayemenyugoslaviazairezambiazimbabwe Expat To Country Please select the country you have either moved to or want to relocate to. This will be presented on the site when you make posts. afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaandorraangolaantiguabarbudaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia_herzegovinabotswanabrazilbruneibulgariaburkinafasoburmaburundcambodiacamerooncanadacentralafricanrepchadchilechinacolombiacomoroscongocostaricacroatiacubacyprusczechrepublicdemrepcongodenmarkdjiboutildominicadominicanrepdubaiecuadoregyptelsalvadoenglandeq_guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafijifinlandfrancegabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagreecegrenadagrenadinesguatemalaguineabissauguinealguyanahaitihondurashong_konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyivorycoastjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonliberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacadoniamacaumadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamauritaniamauritiusmexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamoroccomozambiquenamibianaurunepalneth_antillesnetherlandsnewzealandnicaraguanigernigerianorth_koreanorwayomanpalestinepakistanpanamapapuanewguineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalpuertoricoqatarrawandaromaniarussiasao_tomesaudiarabiascotlandsenegalserbiaseychellessierraleonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon_islandssomaliasouth_koreasouthafricaspainsrilankastkitts_nevisstluciasudansurinameswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotongatrinidadandtobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistantuvalauaeugandaukukraineuruguayusaussruzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamwaleswestern_samoayemenyugoslaviazairezambiazimbabwe Log-in User Name Remember Me? Password Human Verification In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic.  Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait « Scam/Phishing? | Effective Land Ownership » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Posting Rules You may post new threads You may post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Trackbacks are Off Pingbacks are Off Refbacks are Off Forum Rules Similar Threads Thread Thread Starter Forum Replies Last Post Useful Sites Maxx62 Philippines Expat Forum 3 18th January 2017 06:41 AM Recruitment sites or employer sites mrta Dubai Expat Forum for Expats Living in Dubai 2 4th June 2015 05:51 AM Rental sites Benee Portugal Expat Forum for Expats Living in Portugal 1 12th April 2013 02:53 PM Thoughts on Protectionism and Opportunities for Expats ExArab Dubai Expat Forum for Expats Living in Dubai 2 27th March 2013 04:08 AM Job Sites Eamon Spain Expat Forum for Expats Living in Spain 4 24th March 2011 08:50 AM FORUM PARTNERS ExpatForum.com is owned and operated by VerticalScope Inc. Retiring Overseas Guides | Moving Overseas Guides | Cost of Living | Health Care Guides All times are GMT. The time now is 01:27 AM. Philippines Forum Links Philippines Forum Home Currency Exchange Find Information You Need Forum Navigation Forum Home Today's Posts Advanced Search Expat News Stories Australasia Australia Expat Forum NZ Expat Forum Europe Britain Expat Forum Cyprus Expat Forum France Expat Forum Germany Expat Forum Greece Expat Forum Italy Expat Forum Netherlands Expat Forum Portugal Expat Forum Spain Expat Forum Turkey Expat Forum Middle East Dubai Expat Forum Israel Expat Forum UAE Expat Forum Other Middle East Countries Forum North America USA Expat Forum Canada Expat Forum Mexico Expat Forum Asia China Expat Forum HK Expat Forum India Expat Forum Indonesia Expat Forum Japan Expat Forum Malaysia Expat Forum Philippines Expat Forum Singapore Expat Forum Thailand Expat Forum Africa Egypt Expat Forum SA Expat Forum South America Argentina Expat Forum Brazil Expat Forum Member Navigation New Posts Unanswered Threads My Control Panel View Private Messages Send Private Message Edit Your Profile Edit Your Avatar Edit Your Signature Premium Subscription Forum Rules Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Go Premium For Only $19 To list and sell your products or services, get instant access to private messages, post links, larger avatars, promotional signatures and more for only $19/month. Upgrade Now Contact Us - Advertise - Expat Forum - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, vBulletin Solutions, Inc. Search Engine Friendly URLs by vBSEO vBulletin Security provided by vBSecurity v2.2.2 (Pro) - vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2017 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. « Back Terms of Use  
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 12 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 12 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 334-792-3141. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday Print + All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the print edition 7 days a week, including Sunday coupons. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to www.dothaneagle.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. BONUS: All Access subscriptions to the Dothan Eagle include access to The Enterprise Ledger website and e-Edition. New Subscribers $15.45 $15.45 Friday – Sunday Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday - Sunday. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to www.dothaneagle.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $15.45 $15.45 Existing Subscribers $15.45 Digital Only All Access Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to www.dothaneagle.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $17.99 $17.99 Existing Subscribers $17.99 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday for one low monthly fee Print Only $15.45 $15.45 Friday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday - Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $10.05 $10.05 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm All print subscriptions include delivery on Thanksgiving Day for which there is a premium charge. All print subscriptions include delivery on Thanksgiving Day for which there is a premium charge. × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 16, 2017 48° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 37F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 16, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 2 Tyler Condrey, a 2016 graduate of Rehobeth High School, was killed in automobile accident in November. MICHELE W. FOREHAND/DOTHAN EAGLE Alabama State Trooper Kevin Cook holds a picture of his son, Tyler Condrey, who was killed in a car crash in November. Fatal traffic crash makes driving safety personal for Trooper Kevin Cook BY MICHELE W. FOREHAND mwatson@dothaneagle.com Mar 10, 2017 Updated Mar 10, 2017 (…) Tyler Condrey, a 2016 graduate of Rehobeth High School, was killed in automobile accident in November. MICHELE W. FOREHAND/DOTHAN EAGLE Alabama State Trooper Kevin Cook holds a picture of his son, Tyler Condrey, who was killed in a car crash in November. As part of his job, Alabama State Trooper Kevin Cook has had to knock on many doors to inform a parent or other family member that their loved one had been killed in a traffic crash. On Nov. 14, 2016, Cook was on the other side of that door. He got the worst news a parent can receive. Then it was his job to inform his wife, Holley — their son Tyler Condrey had been killed in an automobile accident. “Tyler was traveling on the south side of town, near Wal-Mart, at 12:54 p.m.,” Kevin Cook said. “He was headed home for the day. By Tyler traveling at a high rate of speed, all of our lives changed that day. Life as we knew it, and loved it, was changed forever.” Condrey was speeding and ran off the left side of the road. He overcorrected the vehicle and went off the right side of the road. The vehicle came to a stop by hitting a tree. Condrey was not wearing a seatbelt. “The only thing that allows us to have a little peace about this situation is we know, without a doubt, he did not suffer,” Cook said. “When the accident came in, I received a call from a co-worker notifying me of the accident. You know, I had just got off work and was shopping at Wal-Mart, not far from where the accident happened. I asked what had happened several times and I was informed Tyler didn’t make it; you need to get to Holley. I left everything right there in the store. I knew I had to get to Holley at the trooper’s office. I had to tell the love of my life, our son was gone. The worst news she would ever get, and I had to be the one to give it to her. To this day, I feel guilty for that. She is constantly telling me not to, but I do. For years I had to do death notifications to family members. I always sympathized with the family, but it never crossed my mind that one day I would have to tell my wife our son was dead. Now I really know what those family members were feeling.” This past Thanksgiving and Christmas were different than any other holidays in the Cook household. “On Thanksgiving we just looked at the empty chair,” Cook said. “We spent Christmas morning just lying in Tyler’s bed. This is something I don’t want anyone to have to go through. I basically make myself get up every morning and put one foot in front of the other and so does she. It actually feels like someone is pushing against your chest, trying to keep you down. But, we are trying. We want to use Tyler’s story to help educate children and adults on the dangers associated with driving. For years, I have reached out to students to educate them on the dangers of driving, whether it is speeding or driving while under the influence. It is all about distracting driving. Since Tyler’s death, I have incorporated his story. His story means something, and he would not have wanted his death to be in vain. Now, hopefully, if one student decides to go the speed limit, or if one parent makes a point to talk with their child about the dangers of driving a vehicle, his story has served a purpose and we are all grateful knowing his story helped someone.” Cook encourages parents to reach out to their children during their teenage years. “I will be the first to tell you, being a teenager in today’s time is not like it was 20 years ago,” Cook said. “The peer pressure teenagers face today is horrible. There is so much out there to influence them to make the wrong choice and making the wrong choice once is all it takes. I will be the first to tell you, I would not want to be a teenager. Parents, I ask you to talk with your children about the dangers on the roadways. Let them know you are family, they are loved and if they need to call you, you will be right there. I want the teenagers to understand, a parent may be upset with them because they are not seeing eye-to-eye, but the parent still loves them. Believe me, instead of trying to drive, call a parent. They would much rather get a call from you than have an officer inform them their child was involved in an automobile accident. Yes, there may be some discussion the next day, but look at this way, you are there for that discussion. Remember, family is the most important thing.” Cook uses each opportunity he has to share his family’s story, with hopes on it reaching and making a difference to just one student. “For parents who believe your children are perfect and do no wrong, that is incorrect,” Cook said. “Talk to your children. Remind your children they are not in control of a vehicle. The vehicle controls them. If anyone feels this story will help reach anyone, contact me at 983-4588, I want to share this story as much as I can. I don’t want anyone to have to walk in our shoes.” Tags Kevin Cook Motor Vehicle Telecommunications Tyler Condrey Traffic Crash Christmas Highway Transports Work Parent Popular Fatal traffic crash makes driving safety personal for Trooper Kevin Cook Arrest made in Taco Bell assault Shootout occurs at Rucker Boulevard War on booty bumps Smith, Brandi Nicole Schulman Body discovered in Pea River identified Former Dothan commissioner Taylor Barbaree arrested on felony charges Hot grease thrown in Taco Bell employee's face during dispute Gordon mayor Elbert Melton arrested on voter fraud charges Dothan, Northview high schools consolidation proposal likely dead Videos Featured Businesses Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Currently Open All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Currently Open Contests Bracket Challenge Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Home & Garden March 11, 2017 9:35 PM Tips for the first-time gardener If you find that your garden is shaded, try leafy vegetables such as lettuce and shade tolerant flowers. Abby Drey Centre Daily Times, file i By Bill Lamont LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Could 2017 be the year that you begin a vegetable garden or plant some flowers outdoors? If so, here are a few considerations that might make your venture more enjoyable. When is comes to growing plants, you can always find a place to plant. Outdoor beds in the soil are indeed the most popular, but a lack of space shouldn’t hold you back. You can use hanging baskets, small borders or edging surrounding existing plants, window boxes or containers on the porch or deck for planting space. This is where you can let your imagination take over. If you do not have an area of soil, you can even plant into bags of growing media or potting soil that you purchase from Lowes, Home Depot, Wal-Mart and garden centers located around the area. Simply cut an opening in the plastic bag of growing material and put the plant into it. Gardening in a bag. A word of caution: If you do have room to put your first garden in a bed, start small. Given an efficient layout, a 15-by-25 bed area is very adequate for a full-blown vegetable garden. You can always expand next year after you get some experience under your belt. Most vegetable crops need as much sun as possible. Six or more hours of full sun each day should be enough to assure a good harvest. If you find that your garden is shaded, try leafy vegetables such as lettuce and shade tolerant flowers. They will give you a harvest with minimum sunlight. Many vegetables are quite adaptable for container growing if sunlight is available. Every first-time gardener should have a few of the basic tools to get started. For the first season, I suggest a shovel, garden rake, hoe and towel for planting. These tools will allow you to adequately prepare the soil or beds. A few seed catalogs or gardening texts available from the Penn State Extension publications that can be view on line that will give you endless ideas on planting and soil management. It is important to read ahead of the actual season to become familiar with what might happen in the garden so you will be ready for any problems. That should get you growing this year. Bill Lamont is a professor and extension vegetable specialist in the department of plant science at Penn State and can be reached by email at wlamont@psu.edu. Lamont i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Home & Garden Suggested for you Comments Videos Home & Garden On Gardening: Landscapes a drift with colorful roses Duplex does double duty Home's not so sweet in 'Home Sweet Home' CNET: DIY home security systems Naturally organized people do this one thing every day. Do you? Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 34° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Winter St. Patrick's Day Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs CrimeLong Island Police arrest robbery suspect in Riverhead Updated March 12, 2017 8:41 PM By Khristopher J. Brooks  khristopher.brooks@newsday.com Reprints + - Police said Christopher M. Laterza was arrested Saturday afternoon, March 11, 2017, in Riverhead and charged with first-degree robbery. Police said the robbery took place in a Walmart parking lot on March 2, 2017, in Riverhead. Photo Credit: Riverhead Police advertisement | advertise on newsday Police have arrested a man accused of robbing a woman in a car parked outside a Walmart store in Riverhead earlier this month. Christopher M. Laterza was arrested Saturday afternoon in Riverhead and charged with first-degree robbery, police said. advertisement | advertise on newsday Police said Laterza used a utility knife on March 2 to threaten the woman, whose pocketbook was stolen. See alsoRecent LI mug shotsDataLI crime stats The robbery happened shortly before 5 p.m. at the Walmart store on Old Country Road, police said. Laterza, whose age and hometown was not released, is being held until his arraignment. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage New town police chief’s start date postponed Recent LI mug shots DA: Sex offender gets 25 years in prison Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Winter St. Patrick's Day Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
Times Review Our Sites Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Find A Pro Subscriptions New Print Subscription New E-Paper Subscription 99¢ E-Paper Trial Subscription Renew/Manage Subscription E-Paper Login Suffolk Times Riverhead News Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter RSS Feed Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Menu News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital Featured Story 03/11/17 8:21pm Cops: Hampton Bays man charged with robbing elderly couple at knifepoint by Riverhead News-Review | 03/11/2017 8:21 PM | No Comments Tweet A Hampton Bays man was arrested Saturday and charged with robbing an elderly couple with a knife March 2 outside Walmart in Riverhead, according to a police press release. Christopher Laterza, 26, reportedly robbed the couple while they were sitting in their car parked outside the department store on Route 58, Riverhead police said. He was arrested on Riverside Drive in Riverhead around 1:50 p.m. Saturday, charged with first-degree robbery and held for an arraignment, police said. No other details about the investigation were immediately available. Photo credit: Riverhead Town Police Department Comments comments Christopher Laterza, Riverhead, Riverhead Police, WalMart Find a Pro See More landscaping and gardeners Blue Water Irrigation Greenport PO Box 147 kitchens Ron Morizzo Kitchen & Baths Cutchogue 22355 Route 48 landscaping and gardeners Beaver Tree Co. Orient 1280 Diedricks Rd fences fireplaces and garage doors Riverhead Fence Co. Riverhead 421 Riverleigh Ave Next Post > Southampton Blotter: Taxi driver reportedly assaulted by co-worker < Previous Post NWS issues Blizzard Watch, 12 to 18 inches of snow possible Tuesday Similiar Articles Flanders Big Duck to get more holiday trimming? by Tim Gannon 03/16/17 6:00pm No Comments Southampton Town Supervisor Jay Schneiderman is seeking feedback from Flanders, Riverside and Northampton Community Association members regarding a proposal to… Read More Splish Splash seeks license to sell alcohol this summer by Kelly Zegers 03/16/17 1:15pm No Comments Splish Splash is seeking a notice waiver from Riverhead Town as it applies for a liquor license to serve alcohol at its Calverton… Read More State increases Riverhead Charter School’s enrollment to 700 students by Tim Gannon 03/15/17 12:00pm No Comments The New York State Board of Regents on Monday extended the Riverhead Charter School’s charter through the end of the… Read More Load More Articles Back To Top Recent Posts Flanders Big Duck to get more holiday trimming? 03/16/2017 6:00 PM Splish Splash seeks license to sell alcohol this summer 03/16/2017 1:15 PM Long Island’s first ‘farm to pint’ brewery planned for Jamesport 03/16/2017 6:28 AM North Fork Craft Gallery now open in Wading River 03/15/2017 11:34 AM Riverhead Town scores A+ in open records audit 03/15/2017 6:00 AM State Police: Pursuit leads to one arrest in Riverhead, driver… 03/14/2017 9:32 AM NWS: Winter storm brings more sleet than snow to East… 03/14/2017 6:38 AM NWS: Some rain may mix in with storm, but heavy… 03/13/2017 3:45 PM Land preservation program in Riverhead could be tweaked 03/13/2017 6:01 AM Cops: Riverhead man arrested under Leandra’s Law 03/12/2017 2:26 PM Board backs up plan to hook up Riverside to local… 03/12/2017 6:01 AM Southampton Blotter: Taxi driver reportedly assaulted by co-worker 03/12/2017 5:58 AM Cops: Hampton Bays man charged with robbing elderly couple at… 03/11/2017 8:21 PM NWS issues Blizzard Watch, 12 to 18 inches of snow… 03/11/2017 4:14 PM Town Board considers possible solutions to bolster downtown parking 03/11/2017 6:01 AM Riverhead Blotter: Unlicensed driver left scene of crash 03/11/2017 5:58 AM Cops: Compliance check results in three arrests for selling alcohol… 03/10/2017 8:14 PM Carolyn Wells makes avocado pit carvings in Southold 03/09/2017 10:42 AM NWS: Snow expected to disrupt Friday morning commute 03/09/2017 10:34 AM Calverton homeowner thanks ‘wonderful’ volunteers who helped during fire 03/07/2017 5:53 AM Riverhead Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Newsletter. northforker Sale of Claudio’s in Greenport falls through, owners to return this season Eat Northforker open houses: 19 listings to check out this weekend Live Long Island’s first ‘farm to pint’ brewery planned for Jamesport Drink North Fork Craft Gallery now open in Wading River Shop Recent Facebook Posts Splish Splash seeks license to sell alcohol this summer You may soon be able to purchase alcohol at the Calverton water park 87 likes, 138 comments ⋅ 8 hours ago Editorial: Fix downtown parking before it gets any worse “Patchogue may not have solved all its parking problems yet, but it still has a worthwhile blueprint for Riverhead to follow.” 12 likes, 5 comments ⋅ 11 hours ago Long Island’s first ‘farm to pint’ brewery planned for Jamesport | Northforker A former potato farm on Sound Avenue has been proposed as the site of Long Island’s first “farm to pint” brewery, with most ingredients.. 141 likes, 14 comments ⋅ 14 hours ago Men’s Lacrosse: Bitzer is scoring, setting up goals for SBU Riverhead High School graduate Ryan Bitzer’s focus is on driving Stony Brook to the America East Conference championship 28 likes, 3 comments ⋅ 1 day ago North Fork Craft Gallery now open in Wading River The work of more than 50 artisans is spread out in the 400-square-foot space, which features product displays made from reclaimed wood and vintage-style.. 19 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 1 day ago Find us on Facebook Riverhead News Review Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Topics News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries northforker Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop More Classifieds About Us Write the Editor Advertise with Us Send Us a Tip Contact 2017 © Times/Review All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Walmart to give out free cupcakes Sunday - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Tucson Rodeo My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Business Traffic map Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball Super Bowl LI UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Lifestyle Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona Teacher Tributes Tucson gem show About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win a pair of tickets to the Arizona Renaissance Festival Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Walmart to give out free cupcakes Sunday 2017-03-11T00:15:55Z2017-03-11T00:28:28Z Walmart is handing out free cupcakes Sunday. (Source: CNN) (TWCNews/CNN) - Walmart is making sure everybody gets to celebrate a birthday by declaring March 12 "Everybody's Birthday." On Sunday the retailer will give out one free cupcake to each person who shows up at their supercenters from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. You don't need a coupon, special code or anything. Just show up on time. Remember that Sunday is daylight saving time. So set you clock to make sure you arrive on time to get your cupcake. Walmart expects to give away 3 million cupcakes Sunday. Copyright 2017 TWC News Rochester via CNN. All rights reserved.  Raycom reportsRaycom reportsMore>> McDonald's offering Shamrock Shakes McDonald's offering Shamrock Shakes Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:17 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:17:49 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:27 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:27:40 GMT McDonald's is donating proceeds from the sale of its Shamrock Milkshakes, available on St. Patrick's Day, to Ronald McDonald House charities. McDonald's is donating proceeds from the sale of its Shamrock Milkshakes, available on St. Patrick's Day, to Ronald McDonald House charities. Dollar General announces raises, training for managers Dollar General announces raises, training for managers Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:27 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:27:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 8:27 PM EDT2017-03-17 00:27:20 GMT Dollar General is planning raises and training for managers ahead of a plan to open about 1,000 new stores, bringing its total to more than 14,000 locations.  Dollar General is planning raises and training for managers ahead of a plan to open about 1,000 new stores, bringing its total to more than 14,000 locations.  GRAPHIC VIDEO: Passerby fatally shoots deputy's attacker GRAPHIC VIDEO: Passerby fatally shoots deputy's attacker Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 7:54 PM EDT2017-03-16 23:54:36 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 7:54 PM EDT2017-03-16 23:54:36 GMT Cell phone video shows the moments immediately before and after a passerby fatally shot a man attacking a sheriff's deputy in Lee county, FL. Cell phone video shows the moments immediately before and after a passerby fatally shot a man attacking a sheriff's deputy in Lee county, FL. Uncle blames driver for teen's death in police shooting Uncle blames driver for teen's death in police shooting Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:11 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:11:14 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:11 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:11:14 GMT A California man is heartbroken after his sister's child died when she was shot in a car suspected of being stolen.   A California man is heartbroken after his sister's child died when she was shot in a car suspected of being stolen.   Student sock business brings warmth, hope to those in need Student sock business brings warmth, hope to those in need Posted: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:08 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:08:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 16 2017 6:08 PM EDT2017-03-16 22:08:34 GMT The company has already donated 2,000 pairs of socks. (Source: WISH/CNN) Two students are using the simple gift of a sock to impact lives.  Two students are using the simple gift of a sock to impact lives.     Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Local business notes: Small part of Shea's Route 66 Museum lives on Saturday Mar 11, 2017 at 6:54 PM Mar 11, 2017 at 6:54 PM Tim Landis Business Editor @TimLandisSJR A piece of the former SHEA'S ROUTE 66 MUSEUM survives in Springfield. Jeff Fulgenzi purchased and relocated the centerpiece MAHAN'S STATION in early 2016 to a site on the east side of Fulgenzi's Pizza and Pasta, 1168 Sangamon Ave. The 1920s-era gas station was included in the Shea's collection sold at auction in the fall of 2015. Shea's museum, long a major tourist draw on Route 66 in Illinois, closed after the 2013 death of founder William "Bill" Shea. While Mahan's is not an "official" city museum-visitor center for Route 66, travelers on the historic road find their way to the restored station. "We've welcomed visitors from all over the world," said Fulgenzi, who continues to rebuild the Route 66 collection housed within. The black-on-orange "Mahan Filling Station" sign remains on the entrance with old-style Phillips 66, DX and Red Crown gasoline pumps out front. The small museum includes a collection of license plates, a couple of old-school bicycles and other Route 66 memorabilia. Fulgenzi said he would like to see Springfield join other communities at some point with a combined museum-welcome center highlighting area history and local ties to Route 66. "I have advocated for quite some time that we need a regional heritage museum, which includes Route 66," Fulgenzi said. Mahan Station hours coincide with the restaurant's. *** A note on the Feb. 18 item on an ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN SERVICES lease of the former Barney's Furniture building, at 2410 South Grand Ave. E. Barney's owner Barry Seidman no longer owns the building on South Grand Avenue, which was sold to a private investment group. Barney's Furniture relocated last year to expanded space at 1987 Wabash Ave. DHS has begun remodeling the South Grand building for use as a downstate files warehouse. *** Construction of the 11TH STREET EXTENSION should begin in coming weeks. The Illinois Department of Transportation is analyzing construction bids opened March 3 for the approximately half-mile road connecting Stevenson Drive to Lincolnshire Boulevard. The connection has been discussed off and on for decades as a way to create an 11th Street corridor from the city to the University of Illinois Springfield campus. Support has picked up in recent years as a result of retail-commercial development in the area of Wal-Mart on South Sixth Street. Transportation officials say the extension also should help ease congestion on Sixth Street between Interstate 72 and Stanford Avenue. Previous estimates have put the project cost at a little more than $8 million. The bid award will determine the actual cost. *** There was no land-based casino for Springfield in a recent legislative proposal to expand Illinois gambling, but the city continues to lead the state in VIDEO GAMING terminals, according to the latest figures from the Illinois Gaming Board. At the end of January, 128 locations operated 580 video gambling machines in Springfield compared with 120 locations and 533 terminals a year earlier. Second-place Rockford had 97 locations and 434 terminals at the end of January compared with 89 locations and 425 terminals in January 216. Six land-based casinos were included in the gambling expansion legislation, including in Rockford, Chicago, two in Lake County, Danville and Williamson County in southern Illinois. *** WORLD OF POWERSPORTS has purchased OVERTURF POWER SPORTS, according to a joint announcement from the two companies. Dennis and Karen Overturf are retiring after more than 30 years in business, the companies said. Overturf Powersports' inventory has been moved to The World of Powersports store at 3230 Atlanta St., just off North Dirksen Parkway. Decatur-based World of Powersports has been in business for more than two decades, carrying motorcycles, ATVs, scooters, watercraft and snowmobiles. In addition to Decatur and Springfield, the company has locations in Peoria and Bloomington. World of Powersports is part of the Jackson Family Dealerships, including Jackson Ford in Decatur and Jackson Chevrolet in Sullivan. The website is worldofpowersports.com. The Springfield phone number is 528-5226. *** HAGERTY EQUIPMENT of Peoria has added a location at 1900 S. Dirksen Parkway. The industrial and contractor supply and service company also has locations in Decatur and Davenport, Iowa, according to the company website, hagertybrothers.com. The local phone number is 679-4365. *** WXAJ-FM has launched 99-7 THE MIX, according to an announcement from station owner Neuhoff Media. The station had been branded as 99.7 KISS FM since 2001. The adult contemporary 99-7 will carry hits of from the '90s through today, according to the announcement. The station also is available on mobile devices. The website is 997themix.com. *** Not all the big retailers are cutting back. DICK'S SPORTING GOODS just announced the opening of stores in Florida, Arizona and California. The company is nearing 700 stores nationwide, including at White Oaks Mall in Springfield. *** PET SUPPLIES PLUS has filed plans with the city for renovation of space at 1861 Sangamon Ave. The franchise chain has 11 stores in Illinois, including Jacksonville, according to the company website, petsuppliesplus.com. Also at city Building and Zoning: * RAIN STORM CAR WASH, 321 Cramer Drive; signage. * MEIJER, 4200 Conestoga Drive; remodeling for health-and-wellness clinic. * MURPHY RUG & FURNITURE CLEANERS, 2222 S. Sixth St.; remodel. * VILLAS AT DOWNTOWN SPRINGFIELD, 261 N. Fourth St.; add lease space. * HOPE VETERINARIAN CLINIC, 4337 Conestoga Drive; remodel. * KUHN & TRELLO CONSULTING ENGINEERS, 109 N. Seventh St.; third-floor remodel. * DOLLAR GENERAL, 2117 Clear Lake Ave.; signage. * JIMMY JOHN'S, 3128 S. Sixth St.; signage.   -- Contact Tim Landis: tim.landis@sj-r.com, 788-1536, twitter.com/timlandisSJR. Listen to his WUIS/SJ-R business report Tuesday afternoon and Wednesday morning on WUIS 91.9 FM, 89.3 FM and WUIS.org, or online at www.sj-r.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Hot Topics: Foundry Approval Wild Turkeys in Loveland 402 Interchange Tiny Whoop Micro Drones Band to Open for Bon Jovi Wrestler Preps for NCAA RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Library Director to Retire Daily Record: Loveland police calls March 10-11, 2017 Posted:   03/11/2017 05:16:51 PM MST Notable police calls Friday • 1 p.m. Theft in the 600 block of West 64th Street. • 2 p.m. Shoplifting at Macy's, 5995 Sky Pond Drive. • 2 p.m. Weapons at Zion Lutheran Church, 815 E. 16th St. • 3 p.m. Hit-and-run at Diamond Shamrock, 1040 S. Lincoln Ave. • 3 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident at East First Street and North Lincoln Avenue. • 4 p.m. Drugs at Wal-Mart, 250 W. 65th St. • 5 p.m. Theft at Medical Center of the Rockies, 2500 Rocky Mountain Avenue. • 5 p.m. Verbal disturbance at East 57th Street and North Garfield Avenue. • 8 p.m. Theft at Medical Center of the Rockies, 2500 Rocky Mountain Avenue. • 8 p.m. Physical disturbance in the 3000 block of North Duffield Avenue. Saturday • 7 a.m. Motor vehicle theft at O'Reilly Auto Parts, 108 Knobcone Drive. • 9 a.m. Hit-and-run in the 900 block of Centaurus Place. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Advertisement Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Body found in Barnes Park in central Loveland Amid facility closure, Boulder County's Greenwood Wildlife expects more waterfowl Loveland medical thrift offers 'Pay It Forward' day   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 40° Clear Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 26F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 16, 2017 @ 8:54 pm Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 2 Buy Now David Stanfield/Winston-Salem Journal A Walmart trailer apparently buckled while moving through one of the roundabouts at Peters Creek Parkway and West Clemmonsville Road. Buy Now David Stanfield/Winston-Salem Journal Crews were at the scene Saturday afternoon removing a tractor-trailer blocking one of the roundabouts at Peters Creek Parkway and West Clemmonsville Road. Tractor-trailer blocks roundabout off Peters Creek Parkway in Winston-Salem Journal staff report Mar 11, 2017 (…) Buy Now David Stanfield/Winston-Salem Journal A Walmart trailer apparently buckled while moving through one of the roundabouts at Peters Creek Parkway and West Clemmonsville Road. Buy Now David Stanfield/Winston-Salem Journal Crews were at the scene Saturday afternoon removing a tractor-trailer blocking one of the roundabouts at Peters Creek Parkway and West Clemmonsville Road. Crews are removing a tractor-trailer from a roundabout at the intersection of West Clemmonsville Road and Peters Creek Parkway. A Walmart trucker trailer apparently buckled while the tractor-trailer was in one of the two roundabouts near South Park Shopping Center about noon on Saturday. Two tow trucks were called in to remove the vehicle. No other details were immediately available.  Tags Tractor-trailer Highway Transports Trucker Roundabout Intersection West Clemmonsville Road Trailer Crew South Park Shopping Center Tow Truck Popular This Week Employees who decline genetic testing could face penalties under proposed bill Man found fatally shot in Winston-Salem parking lot Business 40 closing prompts downtown questions, calls for new routes and telecommuting Stalker from Winston-Salem mailed fliers with ex-girlfriend's photo, offer of sexual services Two Winston-Salem men charged with breaking into home while owner was away Sexton: Judge protects public safety by revoking man's gun privilege Girlfriend of avowed Satanist Pazuzu Algarad sentenced for killing one man, helping bury another at Clemmons home Missing Winston-Salem girls found with man in Burlington Tractor-trailer blocks roundabout off Peters Creek Parkway in Winston-Salem Wreck involving tractor-trailer delays traffic on I-40 Friday afternoon Poll Do you think animals should be afforded legal rights? You voted: Yes, in every situation. Yes, when it makes sense. No. It’s our job to keep animals safe. No because rights are for people. Vote View Results Back Galleries Forbush 4, Forsyth Country Day 1 Protest of the Proposed ACA at Foxx's Office Forbush Softball 10-0 Over Davie County Indian food with Rashmi Gurnani Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inching towards nuclear war? It's terrifying. North Korea's use of missiles threatens a new global flashpoint which could suck in South Korea, China, Japan and the US Now White House says Obama might have asked BRITISH spies to give him transcripts of Trump's calls - earning furious rebuke from UK intelligence who call claim 'untrue and frankly absurd' Give, us a pass, Donald! Irish Prime Minister lobbies Trump to let country's 50,000 illegal immigrants in U.S stand in the light' Florida prosecutor removed from high profile cop-killing case by Governor Rick Scott after she publicly said she would NEVER seek the death penalty  Two Secret Service agents being investigated for 'taking selfies with Donald Trump's eight-year-old grandson while he slept in a car' Sean Hannity 'pulled a GUN on liberal commentator Juan Williams and even aimed the red laser sight at his body' after fiery interview at Fox News studios How YOU can stay safe from Russian hackers: Experts reveal the simple rules  to safeguard email accounts Google's Home smart speaker under fire for playing Beauty and the Beast promos (but firm says its not an ad, it's a 'partner sharing their tales') EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment against her for $200,000 debts - as Dean McDermott declares 'I've fallen on hard times'  US officials insist Navy SEAL raid in Yemen was not leaked in advance though they admit the terrorists were shockingly combat ready  Fetanyl is one of the most dangerous drugs in the world, UN declares as it adds the opioid to list of controlled substances EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion that has remained untouched since the Star Wars legend's shock death and may be now be turned into a museum USA Gymnastics president resigns amid claims he ignored concerns about team doctor who 'sexually abused little girls from the age of 12 while pretending to give them pelvic exams' Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night Tahiti resort owned by Marlon Brando for a MONTH The mysterious machine that means ONLY Apple can fix some parts of an iPhone: Calibration gadget in every Apple store pictured for the first time  'Next time it's going to be fire': African American family forced to flee small Minnesota town after thugs spray paint their home with racist graffiti and leaving threatening note behind Kansas basketball star tipped for March Madness glory is accused of threatening to 'beat' a player on the women's team and vandalizing her car 'London Bridge is down': Secret code UK civil servants will use before the public is told the Queen is dead is revealed along with what happens next  How cheddar and cream cheese could give you breast cancer: Eating too much can raise the risk by 50 per cent Incredible moment a 'kidnapped' woman jumps from the trunk of a moving car to escape 'attacker who snatched her at gunpoint' Super humans who are sexier, stronger and smarter will arrive by 2029 as brains begin to fuse with machines, Google expert claims Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan about to shoot and kill man who was beating up cop in middle of the road Christian pastor discovers a giant 706-carat diamond in Sierra Leone which could be the 10th largest EVER found and worth more than $60 MILLION  Teenager, 14, finds 7.44 carat diamond in an Arkansas state park - the seventh largest ever found in the area  Previous Next From a middle class mom to a jailed junkie: How a doctor's prescription to Percocet sent one woman's life into a spiral - and made her just one more American victim of the opiates crisis Andi Peterson from Weber County, Utah struggled with opiate addiction She tried  Lortab when she was 16 and Percocet at 18 after she was prescribed it Peterson found heroin was a cheaper alternative and was not clean until age 23  By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 14:41 EDT, 11 March 2017 | Updated: 12:43 EDT, 12 March 2017 e-mail 74 shares 126 View comments At the height of addiction: Andi Peterson from Weber County spent a year in jail on drug related charges  The first time Andi Peterson tried prescription opiates, she was 16-years-old.  Two years later, the Weber County native was prescribed Percocet by a doctor which led to a drug spiral, costing her the custody of her son. A Buisness Insider report chronicles Peterson's journey from taking prescription opiates for the first time to her addition to heroin. The story is all too familiar for many Americans who suffer from opiate addiction.  At 16, Peterson tried Lortab which was given to her by her friend before she even drank alcohol. She found the pill helped with her social anxiety and caused her to relax. She tried opiates again two years later because she trusted her doctor. She was prescribed Percocet after her emergency C-section for her son when she was 18. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Pamela Anderson calls rumored beau Julian Assange 'sexy' in... Trump praises Secret Service for capturing 'troubled person'... Downed bridge splits Big Sur IN HALF: Hundreds are left... Share this article Share Once again, she discovered it made her feel good, but it was expensive. At the suggestion of her boyfriend, the Wal-Mart employee tried what she saw as the cheaper alternative: heroin. She told Business Insider: 'It didn't seem like a big deal to me then. I was naive. I didn't know all the consequences that it would lead to. It just made me feel good. Normal.' Three years of sobriety: Andi Peterson appearance and health transformed after being sober for three years Suburbs like Weber County were lousy with painkillers so it made sense for drug dealers to get in on this market and offer clients cheaper alternatives. The dealers would also help clients not feel like addicts by offering delivery and prioritizing customer service.   In the book 'Dreamland: The True Tale of America's Opiate Epidemic,' author Sam Quinones wrote: 'Guys from Xalisco had figured out that what white people — especially middle-class white kids — want most is service, convenience.'  After six months, Peterson confessed to her parents her addiction to the drug after her father noticed her twitchy behavior. Naloxone is a nasal spray that  helps save people who are overdosing on  heroin She wanted to get clean but it would take her years. Opiates rewire addicts' brains to constantly crave the substance.  Peterson would also spend a year in prison and lose custody of her son. She would finally get clean after failing out of a treatment center once. She also had a wake up call when she watched someone overdose. The heroin epidemic was a major talking point in the 2016 election. Journalist Chris Arnade has documented the opioid crisis and noted that President Trump won wherever there was heavy drug addiction, especially to opiates.  President Trump famously won the New Hampshire Republican primary which has a severe opiate problem which included swing states. In September, 24 people suffered heroin overdoses in a single night in Akron, Ohio as the state battles a drug epidemic. The UN reported heroin usage had reached a 20 year high in June.  Heroin deaths nationwide rose 23 per cent in 2016, to 12,989, slightly higher than the number of gun homicides, according to government data released yesterday. The total number of gun deaths - which included suicides and accidents - rose seven per cent to 36,252 according to Statista.com.    Read more: Chris Arnade on Twitter: "1. The map of counties in US that shifted to Trump, from Romney, is almost an exact map of the counties having increases in drug overdoses" Painkiller prescriptions brought a heroin crisis to the suburbs - Business Insider ¿ Drug overdose death rate by state in the U.S. 2016 | Statista Share or comment on this article e-mail 74 shares Most watched News videos Homeless man brought to tears following incredible transformation Dancing Prince seen talking to mystery woman at Verbier party Little girl is overcome with emotion as her dad meets her from school Train ploughs snow as it pulls into New York station Good samaritan saves police deputy by shooting his attacker Will's got the love! Prince William dances the night away CCTV footage shows final movements of Danielle McLaughlin Metro security guard fatally shoots suspected robber at bank in Rockford Epic punch-up between young men and women in fast food place Prince William dances the night away in a club in Verbier Moment BBC crew get caught in chaos of Mount Etna eruption Gang brutally beats man in Brooklyn chicken shop Homeless Spanish man, 55, breaks down in tears after... McHack attack: McDonald's blames compromised Twitter... Man suspected of murdering British woman in Goa is taken... Now pulling into the station, storm Stella! Mesmerizing... 'I see daddy!' Little girl is overwhelmed with emotion as... The tiny girl murdered by ISIS who brought a... Pictured: The 17-year-old obsessed with comic books and... The terrifying moment BBC film crew are pelted with... 'This is the worst purchase I've ever made': Couple's... 'Marion for president': Internet goes wild over the... Teenager who starved to death 'after being neglected by... Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan... ‘F*** me dead it's legit': Students are stunned when... The hottest ticket in town! Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1... Mother is arrested on suspicion of murder after her... Sturgeon lets rip at 'undemocratic' Theresa May as PM... Schoolgirl, 11, is mortified when Starbucks barista gives... High-heeled clubber SMACKS man and sparks burger bar... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 126 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The royal treatment! Prince Albert of Monaco's daughter Jazmin Grace Grimaldi packs on PDA with boyfriend Ian Mellencamp in LA Smoking hot romance! Adriana Lima lights up before packing on PDA with bad boy NY Mets pitcher Matt Harvey... after splitting with Julian Edelman Staying fit for each other! Jennifer Lopez hits Miami gym with beau A-Rod as it's revealed 'her twins Max and Emme have already met ex Yankees star' Mommy on duty! Candice Swanepoel takes a break from her high fashion shoot in Brazil to breastfeed son Anaca...while rocking a LBD It's getting ugly! Rob Kardashian 'fights for dual custody of daughter Dream with Kris Jenner's support... but Blac Chyna is pushing back' Not again! Kardashian's Los Angeles' DASH store vandalized... nine months after a failed firebombing attempt Someone graffitied it  EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion... which may be turned into a museum The Star Wars actress died on December 27  Ivanka back in DC for morning school run and meeting with Latina business owners after night out in NYC with Justin Trudeau at Broadway opening Hopper Penn admits secret battle with crystal meth addiction and reveals that dad Sean Penn gave him a 'rehab or bus bench' ultimatum  EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment for $188,800 loan and $17,000 from overdrawn checking account  'I'd go blank': Cole Sprouse was so 'infatuated' with Jennifer Aniston when playing David Schwimmer's son on Friends he'd forget his lines Shaq surprises dog attack survivor, five, and furnishes her home in time for her release from the hospital two months after brutal mauling that killed friend The Weeknd rents out cinema screening of Get Out for a romantic date night with Selena Gomez in his hometown Toronto  Things are heating up  Catch a 'haunted hangover' movie, wander the Malibu cliffs and sip flaming margaritas: How to do Los Angeles as a couple SPONSORED  Kylie Jenner proudly shows off her bling on Snapchat... just before Kendall had $200k worth of jewelry stolen Flashed a set of massive rings  She's a boho babe! Malin Akerman goes hippie chic as she steps out with son Sebastian days after going public with new actor beau Jack Donnelly 'We're all very excited': Jessica Hall of Kendra On Top reveals she is expecting baby number two with husband Pregnant by her husband Kyle Clarkson 'It's about 25 percent of their income': Kim, Kourtney, and Khloe Kardashian make SIX FIGURES for a sponsored post on social media Chad Michael Murray wears a smart blue suit as he talks about going nude on his new TV series Sun Records Wore a form-fitting suit to plug the show  Counting down to baby! Irina Shayk and Bradley Cooper leave gym together after enjoying baby shower celebrating impending arrival Exciting times  'She did it for fame': Mama June's estranged daughter Anna 'Chickadee' Cardwell says the reality icon lost weight only to get another TV show 'I thought about getting my t*****s done': Mama June tells surgeon she wants boob job after revealing she's down to 199lbs in From Not To Hot clip Revealed: The REAL reason that Princess Diana ditched THOSE unflattering '80s ruffles and puffy sleeves for a more streamlined silhouette  Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya reveals she is expecting baby number two with boyfriend Nevin Millan Showed off her test  Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin FINALLY sell their NYC penthouse after $4million cut and a year on the market Congratulations are in order for for friendly exes Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night Tahiti resort owned by Marlon Brando for a MONTH Hostess with the mostest! Tyra Banks returning as host of America's Next Top Model... after being named as Nick Cannon's replacement on AGT She can't Let It Go! Elsa Hosk channels Frozen namesake as she bundles up in icy blue fur coat against bitter NYC weather Fighting the cold  Now that's a Full House! Lori Loughlin lists neo-Mediterranean Bel-Air mansion for $35 MILLION  Is quite the renovation queen She's at it again! Ariel Winter shares yet another eye-popping Instagram photo as she flaunts her pert derriere in swimsuit while against LA skyline Transgender bride who will appear on Say Yes to the Dress admits she didn't think she would be able to have a 'normal' bridal shopping experience  Harmonica legend 'Mr Superharp' James Cotton dies of pneumonia aged 81 Blues harmonica legend James Cotton has died of pneumonia. Justin Bieber attends Hillsong conference before buying a round of beers at a local bar in Sydney as police are called after he's accosted by fans Jennifer Garner testifies on Capitol Hill about early childhood education... days after Ben Affleck revealed he went to rehab for alcohol addiction Arise Prince Akeem! Eddie Murphy 'working on a sequel to hit 1988 comedy Coming to America' The comedian is in the early stages Barefoot Contessa Ina Garten lists her Upper East Side pied-à-terre for nearly $2 million after upgrading to a bigger apartment just blocks away 'I have the most ­beautiful girlfriend in the world': Liam Payne discusses pregnant Cheryl for the FIRST time as they prepare for the birth of their child From sampling wild meat to watching movies in a graveyard, the cool and crazy things you didn't know you could do in LA  SPONSORED Ronnie Wood, 69, cuddles up to glam wife Sally, 39, as she parties with stepdaughter-in-law Fearne Cotton, 35, at charity gala Looked in good spirits  Anthony Bourdain reveals he had no savings until he was 44 and skipped paying taxes for ten YEARS as he blew money on weed and luxury vacations Beauty and the best: As St. Patrick's Day approaches, get inspired by gorgeous GREEN eye make-up moments seen on stars like Rihanna Chelsea Clinton cashes in on Elizabeth Warren rally cry with new children's book 'She Persisted' after her global health tome is massive flop She's not alone! Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie vacations in Hawaii with little sister Cortney Erin who stuns in a hot pink bathing suit TLC's The Willis Family patriarch Toby Willis, 46, arraigned in Tennessee on four counts of child rape stemming from incident 12 years ago  He pleaded not guilty  Swedish singer Tove Lo shocks by boldly flashing her bare breasts to the crowd as she kicks off her shoes during very sassy show in Manchester Friends star Matthew Perry reveals that he got into a fight with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau when they were at school together  'How could they not even know her name?' Dirty Dancing's Jennifer Grey breaks down into tears as she learns of tragic ancestry on Who Do You Think You Are?  Romain Dauriac steps out with daughter Rose in NYC while estranged wife Scarlett Johansson promotes new film in Japan amid custody battle  Feeling lucky? With help from Olivia Palermo and Emily Ratajkowski, FEMAIL reveals the easiest way to wear green on St. Patrick's Day Sneak peek! Check out the elegant and affordable Victoria Beckham for Target collection for women and children before its release on April 9 Sexy Sixties' ice queen Charlotte Rampling thaws... but only a little  The British actress is known for her outspoken views and was an icon of the 1960s  She's a Vanderpump fan! Stylish Halle Berry enjoys lunch with male companion at reality star Lisa's restaurant Villa Blanca in Beverly Hills Mane attraction! Vanessa Hudgens shows off new extensions during horseback riding lessons in LA But kept them in check  Spring fever! Head buyer at Revolve - the trailblazing retailer loved by Hailey Baldwin and Olivia Culpo - shares with FEMAIL the season's hottest trends Strong mommy! Lethal Weapon star Jordana Brewster carries her son Julian in just one arm during coffee run in LA Raven-haired beauty  Hoda Kotb shares first photo of  longtime beau Joel Schiffman playing with her baby girl Haley Joy - after revealing her adopted daughter will call him 'Dad' Hitting her stride! Katie Holmes wears SNEAKERS with satin velvet gown right after attending The Kennedys After Camelot premiere  Gave heels a miss Johnny Manziel poses for romantic engagement photo in front of the Eiffel Tower with his Instagram model girlfriend Bre Tiesi 'I made a big mistake': Kathy Hilton expresses her regret over Jennifer Aniston tweet which wrongly claimed actress was pregnant with a baby girl Fast friends! Former Olympic skater Nancy Kerrigan hugs ballroom partner Artem Chigvintsev during break from their DWTS rehearsal Tara Reid puckers up to pal Dean May in LA nightclub on night out after they were axed from Marriage Boot Camp for faking their relationship Saturday Night Live announces Sean Spicer herself Melissa McCarthy will return to host in May - and their final four episodes will air live for all Frantic Kendall Jenner calls 911 over burglary fears after discovering $200k of jewelry missing from Hollywood Hills home... but 'cops suspect inside job'  Bruce Willis takes his young family to Disney World in Orlando as wife Emma Heming reveals the Die Hard tough guy is really a softie at heart  He's looking good at 61 Trump family tell-all: Ivana writing memoir of 'unfiltered personal stories' about her three children, 'whirlwind romance' with Donald and escaping to the US VIP on set! Suri Cruise had her own director chair while mom Katie Holmes filmed Kennedys miniseries... and even got hair and makeup done A life of service: Queen Elizabeth, 90, pauses for a moment of quiet reflection as she admires Army uniform she wore as a young princess during WWII 'Snow and bear snuggles': Victoria's Secret model Candice Swanepoel poses with baby son Anacã in post-storm New York City 'First day doing my cardiac rehab': The Biggest Loser host Bob Harper, 51, returns to working out one month after suffering heart attack Braless Bella Thorne flashes her nipple piercing in revealing flesh-colored top as she she debuts her new Gothic look and choppy hairdo EXCLUSIVE: First picture of ex-boyfriend Mischa Barton claims secretly filmed their sex sessions and accuses of shopping the X-rated video to porn companies 'She could be in prison!' Reese Witherspoon brainstorms ideas for Elle Woods in Legally Blonde 3 Tempted do do another 'That's for sure': Director James Gunn confirms there will be Guardians of the Galaxy 3 but hints that he may not be directing the latest episode Karolina Kurkova goes bananas during photo shoot in Miami as she seductively eats fruit for the camera She had fun during a break from modeling  Ferry Cross The Mersey singer Gerry Marsden, 74, collapses onstage during gig with band the Pacemakers four years after his last heart surgery operation  Kaley Cuoco's ex boyfriend Johnny Galecki hugs her new love Karl Cook on Big Bang Theory set Two men in her life getting on great Lena Dunham flaunts her incredible weight loss... as she delightedly Facetimes health buff Gwyneth Paltrow at Tracy Anderson's NYC studio launch New dad Kelsey Grammer, 62, beams as he escorts stunning wife Kayte, 36, to dinner at Craig's on a rare night off from parenting in Los Angeles Suited up! Robin Thicke looks sharp as he steps out for lunch with girlfriend April Love Geary  Taking mind off custody battle with trip to Nobu 'We're hanging out all the time!': Ryan Reynolds reveals he has stayed good friends with his Life co-star Jake Gyllenhaal as he hits GMA in NYC Worse-for-wear Kris Jenner, 61, bares her bra under sheer gold mini before risking flashing entire derriere after Kathy Hilton's raucous birthday bash 'I'm Terrified!' Isaac Hempstead-Wright admits he fears 'the end of gainful employment' as Game Of Thrones' final season creeps ever closer He could have shaved! James Corden wears Belle's gown to perform Beauty And The Beast on LA street with Josh Gad, Dan Stevens and Luke Evans Putting in the leg work! Gigi Hadid flashes skin in revealing all-white look as she struts through New York in thigh-high snake print boots  Larson-ing around! Brie can't contain her joy as she poses for selfies alongside Tom Hiddleson during Kong: Skull Island press conference in China Revealed: Game of Thrones' dragons will be the size of jumbo-jets as director Matt Shankman  promises beasts will be bigger than ever in season 7 Kendall Jenner flaunts figure in crop top and thigh-grazing mini for new fashion campaign... as it's revealed she has been victim of $200k jewelry theft 'I was depressed, anxious and didn't feel good enough': Selena Gomez wears ab-baring two-piece for Vogue... as she reveals loneliness  led to meltdown Leonardo DiCaprio's 'former flame' Roxy Horner is beautiful in bridal couture as she teams a gorgeous lace dress with trainers for photoshoot Battling the elements! Bella Hadid bundles up for snowy outing in black fur coat and tight jeans  The 20-year-old was spotted in New York  'Meow!': Khloe Kardashian plays the part of sex kitten in her silk leopard-print pajamas after gushing over beau Tristan Thompson Save Sesame Street! Public broadcasting funder says Trump plan to ax its federal cash would 'devastate' programs for children and American history Obama travels to Marlon Brando's private Polynesian island to unwind (so is this where he and Michelle will write their $60million memoirs?)  What troubles? Scarlett Johansson shrugs off tension from divorce filing as she stuns in unusual teal gown at Ghost In The Shell Japan premiere Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel looks VERY different in punk shoot as she claims 'lack of diversity' on TV damaged her self-esteem as a child She must have backed a winner! Princess Anne, 66,  gets VERY animated as she cheers on the riders at the Cheltenham Festival in England Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1 fan Ivanka Trump skips her dad's rally to watch Canadian prime minister speak on Broadway as his special guest  Actress Rebecca Ferguson opts for pure elegance in biased-cut dress as she joins co-star Jake Gyllenhaal at Life photocall in London Lea Michele warns her exes might get 'Taylor Swifted' on her new album Places as she stops by The Ellen DeGeneres Show It's her second album 'I still haven't got to the punch line': Stephen Colbert roasts Rachel Maddow as she appears on Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show to defend her Trump tax 'scoop' EXCLUSIVE: 90s cult favorite Magic School Bus is back in a Netflix reboot starring Kate McKinnon - so what happened to the stars of the original show? 'He's matured so much': Busty aspiring musician Nyssa Large reveals Justin Bieber is 'lovely' after denying she was invited on his yacht for 'sexual favors' Bieber's burger stop! Justin stuns locals as he joins line at a Sydney McDonald's after trying Vegemite for the first time... following wild boat party with models  In the frame: Kate Moss leaves her London home in a stylish print suit... as her driver carries an encased photograph of her singing Male model reveals how he went from Virginia Tech hoops star to partying with Rita Ora and LIVING in a five-star hotel (but says he still can't get a date!) NEW videos from Prince William's big night out show royal putting arm round waist of mystery woman, stealing model's hat and hugging the DJ Braless Elle Fanning suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as she flashes more than expected in pretty summer dress ahead of casting call  What a Fox! Actress Megan displays her drool-inducing curves in a range of sexy lingerie as she lends her talents to scintillating ad campaign Sexy sweat session! Inseparable duo A-Rod and Jennifer Lopez work out as she dons mesh top which reveals plunging neon sports bra She's golden! Curvy model Iskra Lawrence flaunts her VERY ample derriere in sparkling high-waisted pants as she enjoys night out in London Tubby bye bye! It's 20 years since the Teletubbies first bounced on to our screens and their iconic home is now UNDERWATER Putting workshy Wills to shame? Prince Harry carries out a second day of royal duties as his brother continues to feel the heat over his ski trip to Switzerland   Everyone's a winner! It's smiles all round for royal racing fans as Princess Anne, Zara and Mike Tindall are snapped looking jubilant at Cheltenham  Not The Simple Life! Makeup-free Nicole Richie dabs her face with a towel following sweaty workout at LA gym as she flaunts her slender pins in leggings 'The way he talks gives me butterflies': Paris Hilton looks sexy in a plunging swimsuit as she gushes about boyfriend Chris Zylka after Mexican break Former frenemies NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak 'set for dramatic return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta as they reach negotiation stage' Katie Holmes looks stylish in vintage silk and lace blush gown at the premiere of her new TV mini-series The Kennedys After Camelot 'I hope she gets to make that movie': Beauty And The Beast's Bill Condon responds after Lindsay Lohan pitches him as director for The Little Mermaid A teenage dream come true? Almost! Steelers fan wins a prom date with her favorite NFL player - but now her school's age limit could stop him from going Not very macrobiotic! Health buff Madonna, 58, ditches the diet as she gorges on potato chips while announcing that she's searching for new fitness trainer Birthday girl Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her lean legs in white shorts as she celebrates her inner child with her family at Disneyland Megyn Kelly STILL negotiating exit from Fox News says her rep despite network statement that she was released from her contract last week  Missing the Beverly Hill sunshine? Lisa Rinna bundles up for outing with Harry Hamlin and model daughter Delilah in snowy New York City Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles goes braless as she wears sexy purple top with matching loin-cloth hotpants and thigh-highs to perform gig  Prince Harry meets military hero who survived being torched by Iraqi mob (who has now got an even better red beard than the prince!) He really IS a dedicated follower of fashion! Kinks singer Sir Ray Davies looks stylish to get his knighthood from Prince Charles in London Superhero in training! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina attend karate class together... one day after alcohol rehab revelation  Back to being a dad  Karolina Kurkova channels Lady Gaga in a decadent hot pink prom dress for a Harper's Bazaar shoot... before suggestively eating a banana Chad Michael Murray nearly bares it all in nude Sun Records clip as he heads to NYC to promote the CMT series days after birth of his daughter Taking care of business! Kris Jenner chats on cell phone... as she steps out following claims Caitlyn will accuse her of 'keeping Bruce in the closet' Drew Barrymore steps up the plate as new narrator of First Dates as she and fellow producer Ellen DeGeneres transport the UK hit Stateside Mischa Barton takes out restraining orders against the TWO former boyfriends she claims are trying to sell a sex tape of her for $500,000 'Bottoms up!': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie sips a Bloody Mary while modeling her impressive bikini body during Hawaiian vacation FIRST LOOK: Eddie Redmayne transforms into caveman as he goes to battle with Tom Hiddleston's villainous character in animated movie Early Man Keeping it simple! Queen Letizia of Spain is picture of pared back chic in a slim-fitting pant suit as she greets guests at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid A spring in her step! Britain's Queen Elizabeth beams as she is presented with flowers at the reopening of the National Army Museum in London Sexy ray of sunshine! Kendall Jenner is unmissable in a bright yellow outfit as she heads to a family lunch   Embraced Los Angeles' very warm spring Downton Abbey star Jessica Brown Findlay puts her ample assets on display in new film stills for 18th century prostitution drama Harlots Lamar Odom enjoys lunch with guys and assistant who bears striking resemblance to ex Khloe Kardashian The 37-year-old was spotted having lunch  Another day, another hat! Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall makes a glamorous entrance in a statement headpiece for her THIRD day at Cheltenham  Amanda Seyfried threatens legal action over leaked nude photos just a day after Emma Watson revealed her personal pictures had been stolen  Still got it! Nancy Kerrigan returns to the ice for playful rehearsals with shirtless DWTS partner Artem Chigvintsev Rolled back the years  Consciously coupling! Gwyneth Paltrow 'plans on marrying' boyfriend Brad Falchuk who is set to propose 'soon' The 44-year-old 'plans on marrying' him Kesha shares an intimate bedroom selfie as she wears only a tank top and underwear on Instagram Positive body image Shaping up in Boston! Hometown hero Matt Damon greeted by students as he gets in workout at local college  Always got time to greet his fans Kourtney Kardashian shows off fab figure in white bodysuit and $2000 Gucci jogger pants while out in LA Reality star looked absolutely fantastic Designated Survivor star Kal Penn calls out Hollywood over racism... as he tweets scripts showing stereotype roles he auditioned for Unfortunate  Joanna Krupa arrives for Hollywood premiere of You Can't Have It after blasting no-show co-star Rob Gronkowski The reality star looked fab in a black gown 'Girls are magic': American Horror Story actress Lily Rabe and beau Hamish Linklater welcome baby daughter Cuddled up with her first child  Sharing her X-Files? Gillian Anderson looks spec-tacular as she heads to panel in NYC to discuss her new self-help book on power of women Belgium's Queen Mathilde, 44, shows off her trim waist in a belted green dress as she meets young people in Holsbeek to promote Week Of Care   Looking for some spare change? Playful Liv Tyler grins as she fishes through fiancé Dave Gardner's pockets at Cheltenham Festival in England Kate Beckinsale rocks leggings and baggy tank top as she steps out with daughter Lily, 18, in Beverly Hills Lily, 18, also wore black leggings 'This guy knows right when to give a gal a call': Dave Chapelle cheers up Amy Schumer via FaceTime... as she battles online trolls over ratings 'It gets better than this': Chloe Grace Moretz unveils poignant new tattoo under her breast... days after chopping and bleaching her hair All woman! Ashley Graham sparkles in figure-hugging dress and silver heels as she is honored at Urban Arts event Sleeveless outfit  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson insists all is well with Perrie Edwards as they remain defiant in face of rift rumors... as bookies place odds of 4/1 for split She's her own best advert! Reese Witherspoon dons entire Draper James ensemble after make-up free morning workout routine Looked very happy  Zoe Kravitz, 28, stuns in black pant suit and golden top as she attends gala at The Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City Playful Rosario Dawson dispels her prim appearance as she hikes up her gown to flash her endless legs during Iron Fist NYC premiere Hubby and wife Emily Blunt and John Krasinski set to star together for the first time on the big screen in paranormal thriller A Quiet Place So You Think You Can Tan? Cat Deeley, 40, sports painful-looking sunburn as she heads home after salon appointment in Los Angeles  Looking good! Dascha Polanco makes a case for red being the new black at Netflix premiere for Spanish-language series in Miami Beach Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned tum in a crop top as she kisses her stylist goodbye in LA Said farewell to Maeve Reilly with a big kiss on the cheek 'That's the least I could do': John Legend had to be 'present and compassionate' during Chrissy Teigen's postpartum depression Had to be there  Dressed to kill! 1980s hitmaker Sheena Easton on her worst fashion faux-pas (but now she knows what to wear)  The 9 to 5 singer turns 58 next month That was quick! Vanessa Hudgens goes from a lob to long luscious tresses in just a few hours thanks to some new hair extensions Blac Chyna flashes the flesh in sexy new photo shoot ...as she continues 'amicable' co-parenting arrangement with ex Rob Kardashian 'I'm so proud of myself': Demi Lovato 'feeling humbled and joyful' as she celebrates five years of sobriety  Posed a screenshot proving her clean period  Giddy Kate Moss flashes her lace lingerie from beneath chic sheer top paired with androgynous pant suit for night on the town Sienna Miller steps out for the opening of Broadway musical Joan Of Arc: Into The Fire... after breaking her silence on split with Tom Sturridge Han Swole-O! Harrison Ford, 74, looks buff as he takes his classic car for a spin around Los Angeles  Driving around in a pine green vintage Jaguar Nicki Minaj flaunts her ample bosom in diamond bra and dress as Celine Dion reacts to lip-syncing performance of It's All Coming Back to Me Now Lucky Blue Smith's sister posts make-up-free selfie on Instagram and urges others to embrace their natural skin - after showing off blemishes 'Zen chilling!' Zoe Saldana shares adorable clip on Instagram of baby son enjoying gently rocking baby seat Shared the video  David Hasselhoff, 64, looks head over heels with his stunning fiancée Hayley Roberts, 36, as they enjoy romantic lunch date in Malibu Will The Crown's Philip have an affair? Show's writer suggests he will not shy away from controversial theory during the next series  Minefield of a storyline  'I'm crying!': Eva Longoria surprised with mariachi band from husband for her 42nd birthday after spending the day at Disneyland Shared several photos  Going strong! Paris Hilton and new boyfriend Chris Zylka hold hands at Los Angeles airport after romantic trip The 36-year-old socialite looked besotted Sister bonding time! Kylie and Kendall Jenner goof around with flip phones and filters on Snapchat Spending some quality time with each other Sir Patrick Stewart reveals he uses marijuana every day to help deal with debilitating arthritis symptoms  Sci-fi legend  Leah Remini's Scientology And The Aftermath is renewed for another season It seems to have been a clear ratings winner for the former member  Smooth getaway! Harry Styles looks in high spirits as he takes selfies with fans at New York airport... following bandmate Louis Tomlinson's LAX bust-up 'Very single': Mindy Kaling reveals her relationship status before determining ideal match in game of Who'd You Rather on Ellen Brutally honest  Wonderful in white! Olivia Culpo and Rachel Zoe match in light looks at LA fashion luncheon Celebrating the latest marketing campaign for Ugg boots  Shiny happy actress! Julianne Moore rocks tunic dress over thigh-high PVC boots at museum benefit in NYC Ensemble emphasized her slim frame Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley looks radiant in a flowing bardot top and matching trousers as she holds fashion luncheon in LA Low key and bra free! Jaime King opts for a laid back look as she treats herself to a coffee and some retail therapy  Headed out in Melrose Place It must be her fur-vorite! Keri Russell dons her familiar wintry hat for jaunt through snowy New York City Some New Yorkers were no doubt caught out  Mixing it up! Ashley Tisdale rocks chic sleeveless dress and elaborate studded booties after sweaty workout  Multi-talented star PICTURED: Ben Affleck dotes on son during outing with Jennifer Garner as he emerges for first time since secret rehab stint for alcohol abuse Mischa Barton describes how 'worst fear' was realized when she learned sex tape of her most 'intimate' moments was being shopped around  Going public! Newly engaged Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi enjoy first post-reveal date night... amid rumors duo have 'volatile relationship' The feud that won't die! Caitlyn Jenner will accuse Kris of 'pushing Bruce in the closet and asking him to suppress his true self' in new tell-all Hackers steal and post personal pictures of actresses Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried - but Harry Potter star denies nude photos in bath are her Prince wooed ex-wife Mayte at 16, adopted her at 17 and told her to go on birth control at 19 - while criticizing her style and docking her pay for gaining weight Prince's ex-wife opens up about the death of their severely disabled newborn son and how the singer left her the next day as she lay in bed cradling tot's ashes  'They organize to get my ratings down': Amy Schumer's Netflix comedy special panned in online reviews... and star blames alt-right trolls Ryan Reynolds is forced to pull out of British TV show after being stranded in NYC snow storm... as Jake Gyllenhaal gushes about their 'bromance' So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up? Justin Bieber appears to be morphing into Eminem with pop star sporting glasses amd peroxide hair  'It's top of my list!' Ed Sheeran admits the defining moment of his career was singing with Beyoncé... and reveals hopes for future collaboration 'It was the lowest point of my life': Jonathan Lipnicki talks anxiety and depression as he was bullied after Jerry Maguire role He's now 26 years old Wish the Avengers would assemble? Captain America's Chris Evans feels 'rage' and 'fury' at Donald Trump's presidency Says it's 'unbelievable'     DON'T MISS Meek Mill faces misdemeanor assault charge after St. Louis airport employee photo request sparks fight The 29-year-old rapper was detained by police New Heath Ledger documentary delving into the Aussie actor's life and death as told by his 'inner circle' is set to air in May Untold story  Victoria's Secret Angel Toni puts on a leggy display in thigh-skimming leather skirt as she attends Berlin launch of You Are Wanted 'I almost died': Kesha reveals she was in the brink before seeking help in rehab for eating disorder  Star had to take drastic action   Explained: The crippling genetic disorder that killed Prince and Mayte's son Amir just 7 days after his birth Had Pfeiffer syndrome  Stunner! Karolina Kurkova shows off her long legs as she models eye-catching outfits on Miami photo shoot Rocking some serious 1980s vibes Sister Wives star Mariah Brown goes public with new girlfriend after coming out as gay to her shocked Mormon parents on reality show Larsa Pippen's 'on-again' husband Scottie parties in Hollywood with a gaggle of women and leaves with a hot blonde Married for 20 years Radiant Angelina Jolie declares herself as a 'proud American' as she delivers speech on refugees at UN Office in Geneva... and is praised for her 'beautiful' talk  Making the beach the happiest place on earth! Swimwear brands debuts collection of bikinis inspired by Disney princesses, showcased by models Someone putting a smile on your dial?Rebel Wilson beams as she touches down at LAX after dining with a handsome mystery man Beaming bella  Did she secretly get married? Minnie Driver, 47, flashes gold band on wedding finger as she lunches with beau of three years Neville Wakefield, 54 'We're married!': RuPaul reveals he wed longtime partner Georges in secret ceremony earlier this year  Been together 23 years Azealia Banks avoids jail time by agreeing to anger management program in last-minute plea deal in bouncer breast-biting assault case EXCLUSIVE: David Cassidy's bankruptcy payment plan rejected by creditor who says the actor could still go on Dancing with the Stars nd make millions 'They have been ready for a while': Mary-Kate Olsen, 30, and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47, 'really want a baby'  The pair have been married for 15 months Debra Messing thanks 'brave' FDNY for heroically putting out 'roaring fire' next door that blew out windows of her $5.5m Upper East Side apartment FIRST LOOK: Ian McShane and hunky Ricky Whittle star in surreal and bloody trailer for American Gods  Watch a clip here 'I'm not leaving my wife for you...!' Joe Biden's daughter says former Vice President loves those Obama bromance memes - and reveals his all-time favorite Barack Obama hits the golf course at a country club in Hawaii as the former president and wife Michelle enjoy a surprise vacation in the aloha state Emilia Clarke is haunted by ghosts as she puts on a chilling performance in eerie Voice from the Stone trailer  Game of Thrones star  She's so rich she needs TWO purses! Honest Co creator Jessica Alba carries $4.6K Louis Vuitton bag and $1.2K Ralph Lauren crossbody in LA Jennifer Lopez takes break from A-Rod snuggles to work on her rock hard abs during solo fitness session in Bahamas  Looking good at age 47  True Beliebers! Sydney fans thank Justin Bieber for an 'amazing show' at the ANZ Stadium as he says it's 'best night of his life' THREE times Getting bad press  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez leave the Bahamas as it's revealed the couple 'definitely see a future together' Rita Ora steps out looking relieved in funky faux-fur jacket and leggings... after narrowly avoiding a 'drive by shooting' in London street Her life isn't always glamorous! Bella Hadid trudges through snow on chilly NYC street  The Vogue model looked like just another New Yorker Hell for leather! Basketball wives star Sundy Carter wears extremely risque dominatrix dress that flashes cleavage and bare derriere  Shady lady! As Gwen Stefani launches new styles of frames for her eyeglass and sunglass lines, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest specs for YOU to shop now EXCLUSIVE: RHOC's Alexa Curtin scores big victory against Orange County officer she alleges raped her after his department is told to turn over internal files  How Ruby Rose took the name of her boxing legend godfather Lionel and even honors him with a tattoo on her back - but his widow hasn't heard a word from her  'Everyone kept bringing me drinks!' Ireland Baldwin explains messy night out that left her nipple and underwear exposed Looked worse for wear  Not the best choice of footwear! Queen Maxima of the Netherlands almost TRIPS over in her towering heels in snowy Washington DC Looking for Somebody To Love? Justin Bieber runs up steps and into arms of a glamorous air hostess who welcomes him with a VERY warm smile as he boards jet EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie prepares to submit DNA sample to police in alleged rape case - days after exes had dinner together Tiffany Trump returns to snowy New York after spending two weeks on a romantic spring break trip in Belize with boyfriend Ross Mechanic A-listers in action! Kristen Stewart and John Legend lead list of celebrities lending their talents to music projects in aid of Planned Parenthood 'I've been hit. I couldn't walk': The Good Wife's Melissa George in tears over 'assault' by ex Jean-David Blanc and her attempts to flee Paris with their kids EXCLUSIVE: Inside the Swiss hotel where Prince William spent 'boys weekend' partying with blondes, and 'dad dancing' while Kate stayed home with kids Prince William is back to the daily grind as he returns to helicopter pilot job after boozing with topless model and hitting dancefloor in Switzerland  Life's a peach! Victoria's Secret model Devon Windsor parades her pert posterior as she strips off to reveal patterned thong bikini at Miami Beach Dynasty actress Linda Evans, 74, was busted for DUI and was able to keep it secret for nearly three years Star of the 1980s soap was stopped in 2014 Would you pay $1.5MILLION to freeze time like Jen? Two pictures, a staggering 17 years apart. So how does Jennifer Aniston do it?   Lilo of Arabia: Lindsay Lohan sprawls out in sultry desert snap... after hinting she's releasing a line of headscarves Converted to Islam? What a petal! Daisy Lowe flaunts her sensational curves and ample assets in a figure-hugging tulip gown as she leads glamour at a charity gala America's Next Top Model host Rita Ora narrowly avoids a 'drive by shooting' as armed gang target a London street just minutes after she walked past  SPOILER ALERT: This Is Us fans react in frustration on Twitter as tearjerker season finale of hit show fails to reveal how Jack died  Unanswered questions  'There was a group of guys following us': Kim Kardashian looks stressed as she reveals Paris robbers STALKED her in new KUWTK teaser Dangerous curves ahead! Nicole Murphy drops jaws in extremely tight backless dress during coffee run in LA The 53-year-old beauty has five kids Kylie Jenner shows off her ample assets in $5k neon Chanel workout outfit... as fans complain about being 'ripped off' after receiving EMPTY cosmetics He needs to improve his net work! Mark Zuckerberg is caught on camera flubbing an easy shot on the basketball court as he continues his tour of the U.S. Amber Rose's jaw-dropping cleavage breaks the laws of gravity in Instagram ad for strapless backless bra Barely kept them in place 'I'm moving to LA!': Canadian Vanessa will be by Bachelor Nick's side as he competes on DWTS... but there is NO wedding date and they have NOT talked kids 'She is so beautiful and funny, but slightly odd in a wonderful way': Alec Baldwin recalls starring alongside Lisa Kudrow in hilarious Friends episode 'I was perfect in my dad's eyes':  Paris Jackson claims she was pop icon Michael's 'favorite' child, as she shows off her abs in Madonna-inspired shoot Ready for summer! Lethal Weapon star Jordana Brewster is ravishing in white dress as she hits wine bar with Molly Sims and Ali Larter Fans go wild on Twitter as Ed Sheeran's VERY dirty-sounding hashtag #sheeranalbumparty surfaces... years after Susan Boyle's epic PR blunder Pooch smooch! Joanna Krupa shows off her enviably taut tummy in tight crop top as she puckers up to her dog Darla during walk in Los Angeles  Make-up free Amber Heard cuts a casual figure as Johnny Depp's ex enjoys a reunion with her former girlfriend Tasya van Ree in Los Angeles He's NOT joking! Comedian Chris Rock will BAN mobile phones and smart watches during first Australian tour in a decade Wants no interruptions  C'est La Vie! B*Witched send fans into overdrive with 20th anniversary comeback... but the Irish girl group plans to DITCH their old number one hits 'People only care about their selfie': Justin Bieber's pal DJ Martin Garrix says singer adores his fans despite him telling a belieber 'you make me sick' Geri Horner looks radiant as she takes her newborn son Montague for a stroll in the sunshine... hours after donning skimpy attire for yoga video Flare she goes! Victoria Beckham turns heads in a VERY oversized pant suit and platform heels as she heads out in snowy New York City Lisa Rinna accuses RHOBH co-star Dorit Kemsley of being 'drama queen' during appearance on Bravo's Watch What Happens Live 'Dating sucks!': Hilary Duff complains it's hard finding love in LA and she attracts only 'old men'... even though she's in a relationship with Matthew Koma He didn't 'like' that! Terrified Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg shouts 'holy s***' as NASCAR star Dale Earnhardt Jr takes him for a spin at 170mph  Hat's a bit different! Princess Charles' wife Camilla turns heads in a bold green creation as she joins racegoers for Ladies' Day at the Cheltenham Fesitval Paris Jackson takes a smoke break and exposes nipple rings after landing high fashion magazine cover... but she's not happy about it Liv Tyler shuns bright colors in favor of an elegant black dress with a wide-brimmed hat as fiancé Dave Gardner accompanies her to Cheltenham Festival Elizabeth Olsen flaunts her lithe legs in micro denim shorts as she enjoys a low-key shopping trip in LA The actress, 28, made most of sunny weather  Braless Cara Santana shows off her perky assets in shimmering bodycon dress and racy lace-up boots for date night with fiancé Jesse Metcalfe Caught in a storm and with a suitcase of cash: Smart Rihanna sports red wig and suit in new promo shots showing her as Marion Crane in TV's Bates Motel Date night? Rebel Wilson holds hands with a tall mystery man while arriving at celebrity hotspot Craig's restaurant in West Hollywood Tarek and Christina El Moussa call in life coach Tim Storey to oversee their split... but reunion is not on the cards They all met for dinner, according to reports  Lisa Marie Presley ordered to shell out $10,000 a month to help pay her estranged husband's legal fees as she goes about divorcing him 'You're the one person I want by my side': Zayn Malik professes love for girlfriend Gigi Hadid in sweet new video Singer is besotted as ever with model love Who knew they were friends? Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall cuts stylish figure at Cheltenham Festival with Hobbit star James Nesbitt  Britain's Queen Elizabeth digs deep to make a personal donation amid dire warnings that millions could die in East African famine  Have-a-go Harry! The Prince chats to children as he helps out at a conservation project near London (while brother Wills parties in the Swiss Alps)  Is THIS where William learned to dance like that? Prince got tips on busting a move on visit to youth center Admitted he could 'never get shoulder shiver right' Ooh la bra! Nina Dobrev gets sexy spot on in a sheer polka dot lingerie-revealing top at the annual Power Stylists Dinner Stood out in spots 'Can you imagine the outcry if he fired  gun at Obama?' Trump slams Snoop for assassination video and says 'failing' rapper would be in jail if he shot Barack in clip Boots with the fur! Supermodel Carol Alt looking good at 56 as she reveals legs in flirty dress split down the thigh at T2 Trainspotting New York premiere Check out one's dress! Prince Edward's wife Sophie Wessex dons a colorful patterned frock to meet Malawi school pupils on the third day of her Africa visit Former Spice Girl Geri Horner, 44, displays her svelte body in tiny black shorts as she shares a video of herself doing yoga... just two months after birth of son  Featherweight champ! Jessica Biel rocks gold belt and white dress combo as she visits her Au Fudge restaurant in West Hollywood  A real businesswoman Taylor Swift 'files documents to launch streaming website with merchandise and online courses'... two years after bitter dispute with Apple Music and Spotify 'Taylor f*****g Swift... may as well have voted for Trump': Actress Lola Kirke slams the singer for not using her fame and global platform to discuss politics 'You talk a lot': Erika Girardi calls Dorit Kemsley 'bulls***ter' as feud explodes during Hong Kong trip on RHOBH Went off on one Trouble brewing? Police question singer Ed Sheeran's rapper cousin Jethro Sheeran, 42, after 'he threatened music reviewers  in a flurry of abusive texts'  Holey moley! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her bra as she steps out in VERY high ripped up track pants as she takes Mason Disick to art class Top of the crops! Make-up free Selena Gomez reveals toned abs and trim legs in workout gear after Pilates Pop star is working hard EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber and the sexy mom! Singer enjoyed a wild boat party with married mother-of-one and former glamour model Kaysha Louise Mourning Kanye West seen for first time since death of his cousin Ricky Anderson's one-year-old son Avery The rapper, 39, kept his face down  'I pick you no doubt!' Adam Levine laments losing singer to 'angel' Gwen Stefani as teams fill up on The Voice Maroon 5 frontman lost out to his rival judge  DWTS' Peta Murgatroyd shows off her post-baby body as she enjoys night off parenting duties with co-star fiancé Maksim Chmerkovskiy Richard Simmons' brother says the beloved 68-year-old fitness star is 'doing great' and that he simply needs a vacation after decades in the spotlight  Runaway fashion! Reese Witherspoon works up a sweat before going glam for a Beverly Hills lunch The 40-year-old was seen jogging with a pal  Fifty shades redder! Dakota Johnson is a scarlet woman in suede top and trousers at Power Stylists Dinner 50 Shades star knows all about scarlet woman Denim darlings! Anwar Hadid and girlfriend Nicola Peltz wear matching jackets to lunch in West Hollywood  Matchy matchy Kesha dons cowgirl inspired suit complete with pink sequinned top as she attends SXSW panel in Texas Added a level of sophistication Making them green with envy! Nicole Richie, 35, dares to bare in a sheer dress and see-through lace bodysuit at the Power Stylists Dinner What a model pair! Cousins Hailey and Ireland Baldwin flaunt their figures as they lead star-studded pack at stylists event in LA Stunning relatives  A red, red rose! Mary J Blige shows off her tattooed thigh in adventurously skimpy playsuit at stylists event It is the sort of look that irresistibly draws the eye Hello Dolly! Bette Midler shares first pic of herself in Broadway revival of musical... as show racks up $40 million in advance sales Hot ticket 'I'm coming for you': Whoopi Goldberg blasts fake web story claiming it 'endangered' her life Hit out at a false story related to Navy SEAL widow Legs for days! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova highlights her assets in dramatic sheer dress and Daisy Dukes for Harper's Bazaar China A (not so) casual outing! Kate Upton wears diamonds and pearls as she goes to sandwich shop She was just popping out to grab a bite to eat Man cure! Jennifer Garner stops by the nail salon in Beverly Hills... as ex Ben Affleck reveals alcohol rehab battle Treated herself  'Yo, home to Bel-Air!' Will Smith morphs into Uncle Phil sending the internet into a tailspin and prompts calls for a Fresh Prince reboot Video surfaced online By frolicking with blondes and failing in his duty, Prince William could turn the public fatally against the monarchy Start of a scandal? Mandy Moore sizzles in red dress at This Is Us finale screening in Los Angeles The 32-year-old wowed as she walked the arrivals carpet  Dolly Parton's charitable fund gives financial aid to 921 people who lost homes in Tennessee wildfires Is giving them $6,000 each 'I face insecurities': Lily Collins speaks of her struggles while posing in a daring lace bra and sheer skirt Talked about her problems in the spotlight Ouch! Hailey Baldwin steps out in style after revealing her strange secret to healing back pain She's taking advantage of the LA sun 'I haven't been this excited since giving away cars!' Oprah Winfrey gifts cast and crew of A Wrinkle In Time a high-end juicer Top of the range Heidi Klum arrives in style with her four children at Germany Consulate General office in Los Angeles Project Runway looked typically stylish  Ready to pop! Pregnant Amanda Seyfried dresses her baby bump in a loose T-shirt as she runs errands in LA  The 31-year-old kept business as usual  Patrick Dempsey and wife of 17 years pack on the PDA as she visits him on set... just months after calling off their divorce Couldn't be separated  How low can you go! Former Swimsuit Illustrated model Jessica Gomes flaunts cleavage in plunging white dress during skincare launch No more flubber-flapping! Mr T boasts he is 'lean and mean' after losing 12 pounds training for DWTS Was renowned for his chiselled physique EXCLUSIVE: 'I was an idiot - what was I thinking?' Sandra Bullock's cheating ex Jesse James opens his heart about their dramatic breakup  Leggy blonde! Hilary Duff goes braless as she steps out in tiny jean shorts that showcase her toned pins while in LA Also rocked a straw hat Justin Bieber explains he was just playing a character when he hurled expletives at news crew but goes on to deliver even MORE offensive insults Jared Kushner's brother Joshua goes on Manhattan sushi date with Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich's wife Dasha Zhukova then covers his face  Doting parents Zoe Saldana and Marco Perego locks lips during family outing with twins Bowie and Cy The actress, 38, enjoyed quality time with her boys Caitlyn Jenner, 67, is ready for spring in pretty teal blouse with white skinny jeans as she grabs Starbucks in Malibu Looked lovely  She's so transparent! Courteney Cox turns heads as she flashes her bra in sheer top on outing in Los Angeles She is used to turning heads Sweating it out in style! Alessandra Ambrosio is a fit babe in black as she hits up a Pilates class  The 35-year-old showed off the natural beauty she is famous for  Baby shower! Model Irina Shayk celebrates the impending arrival of her first baby with father-to-be Bradley Cooper during intimate lunch in LA Lisa Rinna's aspiring model daughter Amelia Hamlin, 15, wears lace-up crop on night out on the Hollywood scene The teen's dad is actor Harry Hamlin Boots made for shopping! Ali Larter reveals toned legs in denim shirt and suede stompers for retail therapy  Mom-of-two looked relax 'Another pinch me moment!!' Cara Delevingne teases her first ever novel Mirror, Mirror in Instagram post Model, actress - and now - author 'She's got no inhibitions': Meet stunning Sophie, the model seen enjoying boozy lunch with Prince William at exclusive ski resort Verbier Arriving in style! Singer Justin Bieber rocks edgy Pink Floyd T-shirt as he steps off a private jet in Sydney ahead of concert in the Australian city 'If I'm going to be naked, I need to be drinking': Stassi Schroeder calls for champagne before stripping off on Vanderpump Rules Reboot of The Matrix is 'in the works with potential interest in Michael B. Jordan to star' Warner Bros. is said to be in the early stages The topless model, dad dancing and 'Jagerbombs'... How Prince William's lads' weekend sees him step into yet another minefield Justin Bieber fans cause transport chaos in Sydney as 75,000 Beliebers head to ANZ stadium just as rush hour workers are trying to get home  Angelina Jolie and son Maddox have private tour of Buckingham Palace... hours after actress gave talk to students at London School of Economics Trump's lawyer calls out Snoop Dogg's 'disgraceful' music video in which a Trump-like clown is assassinated  Controversial scene  EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton blasts 'disgusting' ex-lover for peddling 'REVENGE PORN' sex tape recorded without her consent Ben Affleck reveals he's completed secret stint in rehab to treat alcohol abuse and thanks 'co-parent' Jennifer Garner for her support 'Go out, you're with Prince William!': What boyfriend of Australian model who partied with the prince told her as he gave his blessing for wild night New couple! Billions star Malin Akerman and British actor Jack Donnelly make public debut together in Puerto Rico Loved-up pair  Let Me Love You! Thrilled Imogen Anthony cosies up to Justin Bieber in selfie... but pop star looks underwhelmed Shared a throwback  Jennifer Garner indulges in some beach time with girlfriends during weekend trip to Mexico... after Ben Affleck's stint in rehab Wanted some downtime  Prince William caught on camera showing off his 'dad dancing' moves in Swiss nightclub... just hours after his boozy lunch with topless blonde model 'May we forever look at one another like this': Khloe Kardashian posts sweet birthday message to Tristan Thompson after throwing him lavish party Face off! Cate Blanchett cuts a stylish figure in a classic black dress as she joins The Present co-star Richard Roxburgh at their caricature unveiling  The right stuff! New Kids On The Block debut first new song in four years with seductive One More Night music video They are still heartthrobs Dancing with the star! Maddie Ziegler busts a move with Mario Lopez during Extra interview The former Dance Moms reality star was promoting her memoir Today's headlines Most Read Inching towards nuclear war? It's terrifying. North Korea's use of missiles threatens a new global... Now White House says Obama might have asked BRITISH spies to give him transcripts of Trump's calls - earning... Trump is lobbied by Irish prime minister to let country's 50,000 illegal immigrants in U.S stand in the... Florida prosecutor removed from high profile cop-killing case by Governor Rick Scott after she publicly said... Two Secret Service agents being investigated for 'taking selfies with Donald Trump's eight-year-old grandson... Sean Hannity 'pulled a GUN on liberal commentator Juan Williams and even aimed the red laser sight at his... How YOU can stay safe from Russian hackers: Experts reveal the simple rules  to safeguard email accounts Google's Home smart speaker under fire for playing Beauty and the Beast promos (but firm says its not an ad,... EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment against her for... US officials insist Navy SEAL raid in Yemen was not leaked in advance though they admit the terrorists were... Fetanyl is one of the most dangerous drugs in the world, UN declares as it adds the opioid to list of... EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion... which may be turned into a museum USA Gymnastics president resigns amid claims he ignored concerns about team doctor who 'sexually abused... Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night... The mysterious machine that means ONLY Apple can fix some parts of an iPhone: Calibration gadget in every... 'Next time it's going to be fire': African American family forced to flee small Minnesota town after thugs... Kansas basketball star tipped for March Madness glory is accused of threatening to 'beat' a player on the... 'London Bridge is down': Secret code UK civil servants will use before the public is told the Queen is dead... How cheddar and cream cheese could give you breast cancer: Eating too much can raise the risk by 50%  Incredible moment a 'kidnapped' woman jumps from the trunk of a moving car to escape 'attacker who snatched... Super humans who are sexier, stronger and smarter will arrive by 2029 as brains begin to fuse with machines,... Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan about to shoot and kill man who was beating up cop in... Christian pastor discovers a giant 706-carat diamond in Sierra Leone which could be the 10th largest EVER... Teenager, 14, finds 7.44 carat diamond in an Arkansas state park - the seventh largest ever found in the... Trump supporting Oklahoma senator surrenders on child prostitution charges after he was found in a motel... Teenager who starved to death 'after being neglected by her adoptive parents' was found wearing an adult... Sean Spicer spends an excruciating 16 minutes answering whether there is ANY evidence Trump was bugged by... Trump makes condolence call to fiancé of woman killed 'by undocumented driver' in crash after he appears on... McHack attack: McDonald's blames compromised Twitter account after firing off insulting tweet at Donald... MORE HEADLINES The hottest ticket in town! Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1 fan Ivanka Trump skips her dad's rally to watch Canadian prime minister speak on Broadway as his special guest  Would-be cop is charged after he 'admitted raping a drunk woman while she was passed out and videotaping her naked' during his interview to become a police officer The America First budget: Trump wants $1.5 BILLION for the wall and cash for the military but will slash foreign aid and eliminate funding for PBS and NPR 'Not my president': What congressman claims VA hospital employee told him when he went to hang Trump's portrait in empty area vacated by Obama's 'It was an accident you dumba**es': New York woman goes nuts after being filmed following a car crash into a gas station Married leader of Trump's Oklahoma primary campaign is facing prostitution charges after he was found in a Super 8 motel room with a teenage boy MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Advertisement Home News Top Stories Local State National World Politics Crime Business Industry Sports High School McNeese State LSU Saints & NFL National Scoreboard Prep Football Schedules Prep Football Stats Outdoors Opinion Jim Beam Scooter Hobbs Jim Gazzolo Informer by Andrew Perzo American Press Editorials Alex Hickey Entertainment Features Events Calendar Life Submit Life Event School Lunch Menu Obits Obituaries Local Funeral Homes Submit Obituaries Classifieds Classified Ads Build Your Own Classified Ad ePaper Today's ePaper ePaper Archives Subscribe to the ePaper Sample 50 Years Ago Subscribers Account Services Subscribe Real Estate Home Preview Galleries Featured Galleries Buy Photos Contact Us Contact Us Advertise Newspapers In Education Shutterbugs Policy About Us Thursday, March 16, 2017 Southwest Louisiana , New option for Louisiana parents to pay their child support Last Modified: Saturday, March 11, 2017 12:06 PM By The Associated Press BATON ROUGE -- Louisiana parents who pay child support through the state's social services department have a new tool for payment: MoneyGram, a money transfer company located at Walmart, CVS and 780 other locations in the state. The Louisiana Department of Children and Family Services announced Thursday that the company will allow parents to send electronic payments to the agency to transfer to custodial parents. The parents will be able to use the MoneyGram locations at retail stores, its online site or a smartphone app. MoneyGram will charge a $3.99 fee for each child support payment transfer. The Department of Children and Family Services oversees about 290,000 child support cases in Louisiana, either through court orders or because parents choose to use the agency as its intermediary for child support payments. Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (required - shown on comment approval) Enter text seen above: Copyright © 2017 American Press Privacy Policies: American Press Close
About Us Contact Advertise Place a Classified Ad Sign In / Sign Out F.A.Q. Home Home About Us Contact Games The Finder Circulars Privacy Policy Terms of Use Commenting Rules News Community Community Bulletin Board Local Links Games Special Publications Public Notices Sports Opinion Latest Opinion Submit a Letter Obituaries Recent Obituaries Place an Obituary Weather The Finder Games E Editions Info Latest E Edition E Editions Archive Subscribe Info F.A.Q. Home Opinion Rest Of The Story Rest Of The Story March 10, 2017 · · 0 Last Tuesday night, President Donald Trump brought it in his first address to a joint session of congress. Now, I’m not an ideologue and, when there is not a viable two-party system, the nation suffers. In 1887, Sir John Dahlberg-Acton said, “Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.” The warning? Power must to be shared in order to be wielded fairly. Hence, my anger with Democrat leader Nancy Pelosi and her minions. Oh, it was bad enough when you refused to even acknowledge that, “Ford, Fiat Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Sofbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart and many others … will invest billions and billions of dollars in the United States and create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” The clear message: “We intend to continue to obstruct this administration no matter how much money flows back into this country or the American people benefit.” US News on its blog said it, “Every single one of them should be ashamed of themselves.” We get it — you’re sore losers. But, when the President of the United States honors the wife of a fallen Navy SEAL, get your butt out of your chair, stand up and applaud! There was not a dry eye in America when Carryn Owens, widow of Senior Chief Ryan Owens, mouthed, “I love you baby,” as she sobbed next to Ivanka Trump. What in the H@#$ is the matter with you? In particular, Dems Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.) and Keith Ellison (Deputy Chair of the DNC) who didn’t stand at all. You don’t applaud this noble sacrifice. Just sit there on your rump with some of your fellow Dems? You’re such a bankrupt ideologue, you can’t even acknowledge an American hero sacrificing himself for this country? Spitting on this hero’s memory just because Donald Trump started the ovation? And, you still don’t get it when you laughed at “We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption.” I don’t know what’s so funny. Because the public wants government cronyism gone … like yesterday! And, turning your thumbs down on dismantling Obama-Care? What are you guys now — movie critics? Or, just the modern-day Caesars deciding who lives/dies in the arena of American politics? Wearing white/purple for what? Sitting there with their proverbial stick in their keister, stone-faced and proving what? They can hold a grudge over a non-existent issue? And, the mainstream media spin? The New York Times, “Lawmakers sustained the bipartisan tradition of using spare tickets to import human symbols, looking upon Mr. Trump like a mismatched orchestra … the president’s guest list … the father of a teenager killed by an undocumented immigrant, the widows of two officers killed in the line of duty by an undocumented immigrant and the widow of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia …” This pandering was disgraceful. Whether you like this president or not, frowning in lockstep and then scurrying out of the chamber like so many sore losers as soon as you could make a break — we get it! In case you missed it, citizens everywhere in this world (including North Dakota) are tired of politicians and the old tax and spend status quo. And, Dems, who are you pandering to? Because, the logical, inevitable result of this is going to be felt in two years. We don’t care about your ideology. We want a good-paying job, safe drivable streets, a final end to Islamic terrorism and a stop to illegal immigration (just to help keep you in power). Get it? Pat Merriman is the Dunn County State Attorney. He is a photographer and also officiates high school and college athletics events in the area. Filed in: Opinion Tags: Pat Merriman, Premium Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Hat Tips Hawk’s Perch Dribble From The Pen Hat Tips GAMES Click Here for More Games Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website Connect With Us: Our Latest E Edition: Click Here To View An Example Click for the latest edition Recent Posts The Finder for 3-15-17 Plugging into the public library State’s high court rules against Dunn County Dunn County Writers’ booklets now featured in North Dakota libraries Killdeer school gets nod for accreditation Follow us Search: CategoriesCategories Select Category Community E Editions Archive News Obituaries Opinion Special Publications Sports The Finder Uncategorized The Dunn County Herald 26 Central Ave. N., Box 609 Killdeer, ND 58640 Local Phone: (701) 764-5312 Fax: (701) 764-5049 E-mail: dcherald@countrymedia.net © 2017 The Dunn County Extra. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Get Ready, Shoppers: Your Costco Membership Is About to Get More Expensive The company has raised its prices for the first time in more than five years. What does it mean for consumers and investors? Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Mar 11, 2017 at 12:00PM Costco (NASDAQ:COST) plans to raise its membership prices in the United States for the first time in over five and a half years. The increases, which take effect in June, are modest. Goldstar and Business memberships will rise from $55 to $60. Executive Members will pay $120, a $10-per-year increase from the current price of $110. Those who pay for the pricier memberships, though, will see the cap on the 2% reward members earn on eligible purchases increase from $750 a year to $1,000. Members whose renewal date occurs before June 1 will get another year at the old price, and any new signups before the deadline will also pay the current prices. The company said in its Q2 earnings release that the change will affect around 35 million members, about half of them Executive Members.  Costco has not raised membership prices in more than five years. Image source: Costco. Will this cost Costco members? For members, or even people considering signing up, the increases are modest enough that they likely will not matter. The company could lose a small amount of people to Wal-Mart's (NYSE:WMT) Sam's Club, where memberships start at $45 a year. The same could be said of BJ's, which charges basic members $50 a year. Costco traditionally has very strong membership renewal rates. In its most recent quarter, renewals were a little over 90% in the U.S. and Canada, and 87.7% worldwide, according to CFO Richard Galanti on the company's earnings call with investors. Total accounts globally were up 400,000 from the end of Q1, while the total number of cardholders rose 800,000 to 88.1 million quarter over quarter. Executive member also grew, now accounting for a little over one-third of the membership base, but two-thirds of total sales. It's those executive members who mean the most to Costco, and while they may not love the price increase, it's very unlikely that they will leave over $10 a year. In addition, some of these members may even like the change since the new rewards ceiling lets them earn an extra $250 back each year if they spend enough. What does this mean for the bottom line? Eventually, it will be a positive for the company, which makes about 75% of its operating profit from membership fees, but the impact will take a long time to be fully felt. "In terms of how it hits our P&L, our membership income line, approximately one-twelfth if you will, or one month worth of the increase in fees from the June renewers, that will be the first group that gets this fee increase," Galanti said. "Approximately 1/12 of the increase will be booked to the income statement in that first month of June, with an additional 1/12 being booked in each of the succeeding 11 months." Because renewals take place every month (every day of every month, really) the actual full impact will take nearly two years. Galanti explained the math: Next, the increased fees from our July renewals, those will be booked starting in July, one-twelfth and following through to the following June, and so on. So the full P&L impact of these increases will be over a 23 month time line, such that the last group of members to be billed at these new levels will be next May of 2018, with a booking if you will, of those $5 and $10 increases being recorded over that month, and its succeeding 11 months, i.e. 23 months out. In a broader sense, the increase in fees may not have much impact at all on the bottom line. Traditionally, Galanti noted, the company has raised prices around every five years, and much of the extra money goes into lowering or keeping prices low. What does this mean for Costco members? For regular members, it's hard to compute how much extra they would have to buy in order to recoup the price increase because there's no standard discount for shopping at the warehouse club versus other retailers. When it comes to Executive Members, spending an extra $500 year earns you $10 in added cash back, covering the increase. Of course consumers probably won't buy that much more just to get a relatively small reward, but some were likely already making enough purchases to put them over the previous $750 cap (business members especially). This fee increase is big news for Costco, only because it has been so long since the last one. In the long run, while there may be mild anger from a small amount of consumers, many may not even notice or care. This was a needed move, but one that's very measured. It will slightly pad the company's bottom line (albeit slowly), and it's really nothing consumers nor investors should be overly concerned about. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Mar 11, 2017 at 12:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.44 down $0.14 (-0.20%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $167.06 up $0.52 (0.31%) Read More 3 Things Costco Management Wants Investors to Know Wall Street's Warming Up to Costco Stock in 2017 What to Watch for When Costco Reports Q2 Results Costco Boosts Membership Fees, Hoping to Reverse Sliding Profits Costco Is Raising Its Membership Fees (You Knew It Was Coming!) Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
null
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments N.J. woman pleads guilty to running organized shoplifting ring Print Email S.P. Sullivan | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By S.P. Sullivan | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 11, 2017 at 11:27 AM, updated March 11, 2017 at 11:28 AM comments Chiara K. Pender, 30, of Millville.NJOAG  TRENTON -- A Cumberland County woman on Friday admitted running a retail shoplifting ring that boosted merchandise and made bogus returns at stores across South Jersey, authorities said. Chiara K. Pender, 30, pleaded guilty to a second-degree charge of leading an organized retail theft enterprise during an appearance in front of Superior Court Judge John T. Kelley in Camden County, according to the state Attorney General's Office. Authorities say Pender, of Millville, ran an operation that stole more than $20,000 over a six-month period in 2016, recruiting members and driving them to targeted stores including Marshalls, TJ Maxx, Target, Walmart, Home Goods, Lowes, Kohls, Burlington Coat Factory and Rite Aid. According to a statement from Attorney General Christopher Porrino's office, the thefts followed "a consistent pattern." A member would steal clothing, electronics and other items from the store and then either return them at the same store or another location of the same chain, according to police. They would often receive gift cards with store credit for the returns, selling them at a discount to pawn shops, authorities claim. State Police arrested Pender in June, and three other members of the ring -- Thareick Archer, 26 of Vineland; Sharhonda Collins, 50, of Bridgeton; and Mark Rabb III, 30, of Millville -- have since pleaded guilty to lesser charges, authorities said. Under a plea deal, prosecutors are recommending Pender receive a five-year sentence and pay restitution to the stores, authorities said. S.P. Sullivan may be reached at ssullivan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. N.J. tops many states on healthcare scorecard Map shows N.J. poor, elderly to be hardest hit under GOP healthcare plan Everything you need to know about N.J.'s medical marijuana program MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Opinion Thursday, March 16, 2017    Last update: 8:11 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland LETTERS Monday, March 13, 2017: Roe v. Wade obsolete, North Woods monument an asset, restore tip credit Print Email Share Tweet Posted March 11, 2017, at 9:09 a.m. Roe v. Wade obsolete A Feb. 28 BDN OpEd by officers of the Mabel Wadsworth Center in Bangor claims that “It is unconscionable for a billionaire CEO to impose his personal, scientifically inaccurate belief that birth control causes abortion.” Pro-abortion organizations and their lawyers readily admit the early abortion potential of the Pill. In 1989, attorney Frank Sussman, who represented a Missouri abortion clinic in a challenge to a Missouri abortion law, said before the Supreme Court that intrauterine devices and birth control pills, which work by blocking the development of a fertilized egg, essentially “ are also abortifacients.” That’s why these pills and devices are accurately named birth control instead of conception control. Pro-abortionists define conception as implantation, allowing them to claim that birth control has no abortifacient effect. But, as the CEO of Hobby Lobby, the Supreme Court, and scientists have acknowledged, implantation of the embryo takes place about one week after conception. Justice Harry Blackmun stated in Roe v. Wade, “If the suggestion of personhood is established, [Roe’s] case, of course, collapses, for the fetus’ right to life would then be guaranteed.” With the invention of ultrasound we can now watch the fetus suck his or her thumb, smile. Today, they even operate on the fetus. Today’s science has now proven Roe v. Wade to be wrong and obsolete. As Thomas Jefferson told us, “the care of human life and happiness and not their destruction is the first and only legitimate object of good government.” Ron Stauble Sr. Unity Helpful stranger I had never felt so sad and helpless. At the Brewer Wal-Mart, I chose the line with one elderly woman placing canned vegetables, bananas, cat food on the conveyor. Her total was more than $100, and she began searching through her purse. She unzipped pockets and peered into slots for something, anything. I wished I was rich. I wished could pay for her food. But I couldn’t. She apologized for being unorganized, mumbling about Alzheimer’s. Finding a checkbook, she slowly filled out a wrinkled page, but then she needed identification. My heart sunk. I doubted she could find any ID. “Ma’am, do you have a driver’s license?” she was asked. “No, I can’t drive. Will this work?” she said, holding a business card. I looked at her gray frizzy hair and her gnarled fingers, which were still fumbling in her cluttered purse. She could be me in another 20 years. I looked behind me. The others in line were not complaining. One man said, “I don’t have that much with me.” I’m not a leader, especially of strangers, but the thought of organizing an impromptu collection for her went through my mind. Then one man handed her a $100 bill. “Is this enough?” The woman reluctantly took it and asked for his name. “Call me Bob,” he said. “Merry Christmas.” I would have liked to thank him for doing what I couldn’t and for showing kindness to somebody’s mother. She was all our mother that night. Yvonne Blake Searsport North Woods monument an asset The Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument is as great an asset to America as are Yellowstone, Yosemite and other national treasures. As the world population increases, the pressure to overdevelop the Maine wilderness is becoming a reality. People worked tirelessly to establish the Sieur De Monts National Monument, which later became Acadia National Park. Parks and monuments allow visitors to enjoy special areas of natural beauty without the destruction of precious resources. This does not mean that economic opportunity is not viable. For example, the economic impact from Acadia is second to none during the tourist season here in Maine. Cottage industries are major business here in Maine. Unique hand-crafted goods are a type of business that fits in perfectly with the economic development of the communities adjacent to the North Woods monument. Maine residents have an outstanding work ethic that is a real plus in establishing a new economic future for this area. Maine residents have for generations taken pride in sharing our beautiful state with people from around the world. We know that Maine is a magical treasure. We are a caring and compassionate people who want to keep Maine a special place in which to live, work, relax and be inspired by its wonder. Gov. Paul LePage is completely wrong in attempting to get President Donald Trump to rescind the executive order that created the monument. LePage’s vision for Maine is shortsighted and biased. His views are not in the best interest of residents of Maine. Robert Chaplin Bar Harbor Restore tip credit Thirty-two years ago, I began a summer job not knowing the journey I was about to begin. Since then, I have worked at eight different restaurants, each sharing the common thread of flexible hours, on-the-job training and payment at the end of the shift. Many people become servers for income potential, not realizing the skills they will gain along the way. Successful servers must be highly organized, problem solvers, have impeccable people skills, and unbelievable memories. All of this while wearing a smile and remaining calm. We have all had great service provided by a skilled server, one who makes going out to eat a pleasure. As a server, I was blessed to have a flexible work schedule while raising my children and putting myself through college. The tip credit with my job allowed me to afford and attend college to become a teacher. My children worked in area restaurants while they were in high school. My daughter continues to work as a server today, as a way to help support her young family, much like I did when she was young. The tip credit allows the food service industry to provide its workers with real world training, lifelong skills and good-paying jobs. Being a server is truly one of the most challenging and yet rewarding jobs I have ever had. With the tip credit eliminated, not only will income be lost, but many opportunities for people to improve their lives will be lost as well. Heidi Omlor Ellsworth   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion A missing comma keeps Oakhurst Dairy labor lawsuit alive Out-of-staters owe Maine almost $17 million in taxes Plow drivers stranded on I-295 escape unharmed — ‘except their pride’ What snowplow drivers really think of people who drive in a storm Caribou man charged with threatening business owner Downsizing Maine’s bottle redemption program would be a recycling disaster This is no time to sow doubt about climate change I should not lose health insurance so the wealthy can get a tax cut Friday, March 17, 2017: A solution for daylight saving time, Real ID trouble, Trump stocks the swamp Thursday, March 16, 2017: Border wall a costly investment, time to consider the 25th Amendment, tax carbon emissions UMaine nursing major claims third straight national wrestling title The Bruins little ball of hate becomes a star Linebacker Hightower returns to Patriots on $43.5M deal UMaine wrestling club team captures national championship Positive mindset, determination fuel Washburn star’s track success STATE & CAPITOL Data undercut LePage claim that many dump private insurance for Medicaid STATE & CAPITOL LePage says he didn’t sign emergency budget bill because of provision he proposed STATE & CAPITOL LePage didn’t sign his own supplemental budget bill MAINE AT WAR You’ve got the wrong guy in that coffin! THE DRIVE The Bruins little ball of hate becomes a star Public libraries in Maine adding seeds to their stacks Bangor farm share fair could determine what you eat this season Is maple sap a sweet Maine deal whose time has come? You’ve got the wrong guy in that coffin! Portland’s Eventide Oyster, Allagash Brewery receive James Beard nominations Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Top Shelf Gripe Maine citizens seek to restore tip credit Maine citizens seek to restore tip credit Pine Tree Politics To politicians on the left, only certain kinds of money are bad To politicians on the left, only certain kinds of money are bad Perspectives Animal Kingdom Farm Plantation Animal Kingdom Farm Plantation David Farmer Republicans' 'shift and shaft' scheme jeopardizes health coverage. Sad! Republicans' 'shift and shaft' scheme jeopardizes health coverage. Sad! Mainely Thoughts Why I'm not looking forward to spring for the first time ever Why I'm not looking forward to spring for the first time ever Stirring the Pot Stirring the Pot Maine Roads Still Stink Top Stories 1 hour ago Maine nears deal on REAL ID rules Bangor farm share fair could determine what you eat this season Critics warn Bath Iron Works river dredging could threaten wildlife Trump’s outline for NOAA budget could eliminate essential Maine program Kids who commit crimes in Maine still pay long after they turn 18 Similar Articles 8.23.2016 A primer on the national monument debate from RESTORE: the North Woods to today 2.22.2017 LePage to Trump: Ax North Woods national monument 4.2.2012 Raises at the University of Maine System 2006-2012 10.30.2011 Pro-life group has a new tactic: Redefine 'person' 8.24.2016 Obama signs order creating North Woods national monument More in Opinion   Sunshine Week   The GOP masterminds behind Obamacare’s ‘death spiral’   St. Patrick’s Day is a time for everyone to celebrate all things Irish   Friday, March 17, 2017: A solution for daylight saving time, Real ID trouble, Trump stocks the swamp   Judge Gorsuch believes in the sanctity life. How will that apply to gun suicides? Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Thursday, March 16, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Education is key to stopping drug epidemic Saturday, March 11, 2017 John Sienkiewicz, president of Safer Streets for Tamaqua’s Little Feet, holds up a package of rolling paper. TERRY AHNER/TIMES NEWS ‹ Prev 1 of 2 Next › By Terry Ahner tahner@tnonline.com Education is pivotal in the continued attempts to address the heroin epidemic. “One of our biggest problems is heroin,” John Sienkiewicz, president of Safer Streets for Tamaqua’s Little Feet, said at a recent STEP-Up Tamaqua meeting. “What they’re doing now is a diabetic needle.” Sienkiewicz said the diabetic needles are sold at Walmart by the box of 100. Safer Streets for Tamaqua’s Little Feet purchased a mock drug board for educational purposes by through donations and fundraisers. “Education is key to stopping this epidemic,” he said. “By that, we mean adults, parents and children need to be educated.” Sienkiewicz said, “With children, the education needs to include all aspects. What happens if you start, where it leads and what the end result will most likely be. “With adults, they need to know what the drugs look like, and (what) all the symptoms of drug use are,” he said. “They also need to know that it is OK to get educated without having the problem in their family, because it could become them or a friend’s kid. They can use that knowledge to help the person or family.” Sienkiewicz’s daughter Alex died of an overdose of fentanyl last year. The people accused of selling her the drugs were charged this week. Sienkiewicz and his wife, Tammy, created Safer Streets for Tamaqua’s Little Feet on May 25, 2016, to educate school kids, and adults alike, on drug addiction. The group is a nonprofit that is run on donations. For more information, visit www.saferstreetstamaqua.com, or follow them on Facebook at Safer Streets for Tamaqua’s Little Feet. “We also do help those affected by addiction get help through rehab and recovery houses; we give support to families with answers to hard questions, education and a shoulder to cry on,” he said. “We always tell them they are not alone, and the response we get is ‘we thought we were.’ ” Sienkiewicz said the group’s cleanups and beautification projects are designed to get those in recovery to give back to the community, and to have the community help as well. “What this does is allow the recovering addict to see people do care and don’t always look down on them, and will give them a chance,” he said. “As for the community, it helps to show them that the recovering addict is still a person and deserves to be treated as one.” He added, “Through this, we hope all can heal and help one another stop stereotyping one another. After all is said and done, we are all still humans, and the stigma surrounding addiction needs to be broken before we can heal.” STEP-Up Tamaqua is a project of the Tamaqua Area Faith Fellowship Network, a 501(c)3 nonprofit under the umbrella of the Tamaqua Area Community Partnership. Its purpose is to address the addiction issue in the community. Contributions are welcome and may be sent to STEP-Up Tamaqua, 125 Pine St., Tamaqua, PA 18252. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments100+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events When it comes to corporate tax reform, the GOP may be on to something. Really. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Steven Pearlstein By Steven Pearlstein March 11 Follow @StevePearlstein House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and other Republicans are determined to try again on corporate tax reform, which three presidents and many congresses have failed to enact. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP Photo) If President Trump was surprised by how complicated health care could be, he’ll be in for a real shock when he gets around to business tax reform. Everyone agrees that the way the United States taxes business profits needs an overhaul. The current tax regime encourages companies to move operations, assets and even corporate citizenship overseas, while raising less and less money every year as companies come up with ever more ingenious and ethically questionable ways to avoid it. For most big companies, the official 35 percent corporate tax rate is irrelevant. The average rate actually paid is about 24 percent, with some companies routinely paying no tax at all. So why have three presidents and countless Congresses been unable to fix it? The answer is that despite all the bellyaching by business leaders about our uncompetitive tax system, it is the business lobby itself that has stood in the way of reform. The reason is simple: To restructure the tax code while still raising the same amount of revenue, all those companies paying less than the average effective rate would have to pay more so those paying uncompetitive rates could pay less. And the low-tax companies have made it their business to prevent that from happening. Now, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) and his Ways and Means chairman, Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.), are determined to try again, proposing to replace the existing business profits tax with a “destination-based cash flow tax. ” The wonky-sounding idea — long championed by economist Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley — has been kicking around in tax policy circles for more than 20 years, winning plaudits from think tanks on the right and left. Despite what you may have read, it is not part of a Republican conspiracy to eliminate taxes on capital. It is not a disguised tariff, or sales tax or value-added tax, although it would mimic their economic impact in some respects. It would not raise the price of imports by anywhere near 20 percent, nor would it bring millions of manufacturing jobs back to the United States. So what is it? Let’s start with the “cash flow” part, which has received too little attention. What that means is that companies would deduct the full value of any investments they make in the year they make them, rather than spreading them out — or depreciating them — over many years, as now required by tax and accounting rules. It also means that interest payments used to finance those investments could no longer be deducted as a business expense. This switch from a profits tax to a cash-flow tax makes things simpler, encourages investment and eliminates the incentive for businesses to borrow rather than raise capital from investors. This is the part of the Ryan-Brady plan that economists love and most businesses support because of the way it simplifies business taxation and removes taxes as a factor in business investment decisions. In the short run, it also reduces the amount of profits that are subject to tax. More controversial is the “destination” part of “destination-based tax flow tax.” What that means is that companies will be taxed only on profits from sales made in the United States. Consider four different scenarios. The first is an American company producing goods or services at home and selling them to American customers. That’s a big chunk of the economy, and the tax structure for those companies would remain largely unchanged. Then there are sales from overseas divisions of American companies to customers who are also overseas. Right now, profits from these transactions are not subject to U.S. tax as long as they are left overseas. A destination tax would ignore them as well. Then there are sales of goods and services produced in America but sold to customers overseas — think Boeing. Under the destination tax, the overseas sales would not be counted as revenue, but the expense of producing them would still be deducted as a business expense in calculating the company’s taxable profit. That’s the tax equivalent of all gain, no pain. And the opposite would be true of a company that imports products, or parts of products, for sale in America — think Walmart or Nike. In that case, the revenue will be counted, but the cost of the imported goods or services will not. All pain, no gain. By lowering taxes for exporters and raising them for importers, this “border adjustment” is meant to remove the current incentive for companies to locate production and intellectual property, or realize profits, in tax havens such as Ireland or the Bahamas. As a result — and this is what gets President Trump all excited — jobs would come back, tax revenue would increase and the trade deficit would disappear. Or not. For if those good things actually happen, or even look like they are about to happen, then something else might also happen — namely, that the value of the dollar would rise sharply against other currencies, which for Americans will lower the price of imports and makes exports seem more expensive to buyers overseas. Economic theory, in fact, predicts that the dollar would rise just enough to offset the new tax advantage that would flow to exporters as a result of a border adjustment, and offset the tax hit to importers and their customers. What the new tax code giveth in terms of higher or lower taxes, the currency exchange market would taketh away in the form of lower or higher prices. [White House split on import tax puts Congress in limbo] If economic theory is right, in other words, the only lasting economic impact of border adjustment impact might be a nasty global financial crisis as some foreign countries and companies that borrowed cheap dollars would find themselves unable to repay more expensive ones. In addition, as the dollar rises, the value of foreign investments held by Americans would fall, while foreigners’ appetite for investing in the United States would wane, potentially depressing stock prices and pushing up interest rates. While economists are fairly united in predicting that border adjustment will lead to an equal and opposite currency adjustment, business executives aren’t so sure. That’s why importers have mounted a furious effort to kill the Ryan-Brady plan, while exporters are pushing it with the urgent conviction of new converts at a tent revival. Officials in the Trump administration are said to be similarly divided. There is good reason to be skeptical that global markets are so efficient that the dollar will rise to offset the economic impact of the border tax. If markets were that efficient, currency adjustments would have prevented the United States from running large and persistent trade deficits all these years. The reason that didn’t happen was because the flow of investment capital across borders is even greater than the flow of goods and services, with an opposite effect on the dollar exchange rate. The same dynamic could limit the rise of the dollar in response to a border-adjustment tax. Whatever happens with the dollar, border adjustment will put an end to ridiculous and costly shell games played by virtually every global corporation to shift activity and profits overseas, where nearly $2 trillion sits idle in the bank accounts of foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies. Other countries will almost certainly mount legal challenges to border adjustment, claiming that it violates global and bilateral tax treaties. But there is also a possibility that other countries could realize what a good idea it is and copy it. That would neutralize some of the economic benefits to the U.S. economy. There is debate about whether the Ryan-Brady proposal would shift the burden of the corporate tax from shareholders and employees to consumers, which would make it less progressive. Liberal economists such as Jared Bernstein think so, but Kyle Pomerleau at the conservative Tax Foundation thinks not. In the end, it would depend on how much the dollar adjusts and whether importers would be able to pass tax increases on to consumers rather than to their shareholders and employees. In other words, it’s anyone’s guess — although either way, the effect will probably be modest. For me, the problem with the Republican business tax plan is not so much the structure of the tax, but the fact that the proposed 20 percent rate is too low. As Howard Gleckman of the Tax Policy Center has written, if border adjustment increases exports and discourages imports to the degree promised by some proponents, then the 20 percent tax rate will not raise anything close to what the corporate tax raises now. Edward Kleinbard, a tax expert at the University of Southern California law school, figures a rate of 25 percent would be needed for the plan to be revenue neutral. William Gale of the Brookings Institution thinks it would be 30 percent. “The 20 percent rate is not economically driven,” Kleinbard said. “It’s purely a political number.” The House plan also retains the current tax advantage enjoyed by small businesses, partnerships, proprietorships, investment trusts and limited liability corporations — enterprises that, as a result of this tax advantage, account for half of all business profits. Such enterprises — some of which are very large and very profitable — are not subject to either the corporate tax or to the additional 20 percent tax on dividends and capital gains that corporate shareholders pay. Instead, they are taxed only once at the personal income tax rate of the owners. The House proposal would expand this boondoggle by creating a special new tax rate of 25 percent for these “pass-throughs” — a rate that is not only undeservedly low but will create a whole new tax scam, as highly paid employees rush to turn themselves into independent contractors to take advantage of it. Because of these and myriad other problems, the Ryan and Brady proposal needs lots more study and debate — it shouldn’t be rushed through to meet artificial political deadlines. But by the same token, it deserves serious consideration. “I’m very intrigued by it, particularly the economic benefits,” said Martin Sullivan, the respected columnist and chief economist at Tax Notes. “There are concerns with it, no question. But the reason we are still talking about it is that there is no obvious alternative.” Pearlstein is a Post economics and business columnist.  He is also Robinson Professor of Public Affairs at George Mason University. Read more: The business lobby's hypocritical, one-size-fits-all answer to regulation: No Trump is putting the wolves of Wall Street in charge of America's economy Workers, don't fear the robot revolution business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 100+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Steven Pearlstein is a Post business and economics writer. He is also Robinson Professor of Public Affairs at George Mason University. Follow @StevePearlstein TOP STORIES Congressional Republicans sharply criticize Trump budget Defense hawks, rural conservatives and even some of Donald Trump’s most vocal supporters in Congress pushed back on the huge potential hike in defense spending as insufficient and decrying some other cuts to federal agencies and programs. Several of his closest allies have said the plan has virtually no chance in Congress. By Kelsey Snell and Karoun Demirjian 2 hours ago Analysis White House targets programs designed to help working poor The proposed cuts will fall hardest on rural and small town communities that Trump won, where one in three people are living paycheck to paycheck, according to a new analysis by the Center for American Progress, a liberal think tank. By Steven Mufson and Tracy Jan 9 hours ago Perspective: Trump’s budget forgets those ‘forgotten men and women’ Among the budget casualties: After-school programs for 1.6 million mostly poor kids Firing federal workers isn’t as easy as Trump makes it seem The president has made reducing the size of the federal workforce a priority — but laying off federal workers requires going through a formal process that can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive. By Eric Yoder and Lisa Rein 3 hours ago Wonkblog: Meals on Wheels is ‘not showing any results’ only if you ignore all these Institute dedicated to forging peace is targeted for extinction Listen ‘Something was going on’ (Video: Reuters; photo: Getty Images) The FixAnalysis Sean Spicer’s angry, lonely defense of Trump’s wiretapping claim, annotated As this transcript shows, things got contentious in the White House briefing room as the press secretary was confronted with doubts by leaders of both parties about President Trump’s claims that then-President Obama wiretapped him. By Aaron Blake 54 minutes ago Spicer says Trump ‘stands by’ allegation, refuses to say whether claim was based on classified information Trump and his advisers can’t keep quiet — and it’s causing them real trouble From the travel ban to bogus wiretap claims, the president and his team have shown a tendency to push incendiary language and unfounded claims and then double down on them in the face of opposition, and it’s threatening to trip up their policies. By John Wagner and Matt Zapotosky 1 hour ago 7 things Trump and his advisers have said about the travel ban that wound up hurting them in court Pyongyang warns of war after Tillerson says 20 years of diplomacy with North Korea ‘failed’ Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he was visiting Asia “to exchange views on a new approach.” Soon afterward, in a sign of mounting tensions, the North Korean embassy held an extraordinary news conference in Beijing to blame the potential for nuclear war on the United States. By Anna Fifield and Anne Gearan 10 hours ago Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 115 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Analysis If you’re a poor person in America, Trump’s budget is not for you 2 Immigrants are going hungry so Trump won’t deport them 3 Trump federal budget 2018: Massive cuts to the arts, science and the poor 4 Trump budget meets early resistance 5 Analysis Meals on Wheels is ‘not showing any results’ only if you ignore all these results Market Watch DJIA -0.07% NASDAQ 0.01% Get quote Last Update: 4:15 PM 03/17/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inching towards nuclear war? It's terrifying. North Korea's use of missiles threatens a new global flashpoint which could suck in South Korea, China, Japan and the US Now White House says Obama might have asked BRITISH spies to give him transcripts of Trump's calls - earning furious rebuke from UK intelligence who call claim 'untrue and frankly absurd' Give, us a pass, Donald! Irish Prime Minister lobbies Trump to let country's 50,000 illegal immigrants in U.S stand in the light' Florida prosecutor removed from high profile cop-killing case by Governor Rick Scott after she publicly said she would NEVER seek the death penalty  Two Secret Service agents being investigated for 'taking selfies with Donald Trump's eight-year-old grandson while he slept in a car' Sean Hannity 'pulled a GUN on liberal commentator Juan Williams and even aimed the red laser sight at his body' after fiery interview at Fox News studios How YOU can stay safe from Russian hackers: Experts reveal the simple rules  to safeguard email accounts Google's Home smart speaker under fire for playing Beauty and the Beast promos (but firm says its not an ad, it's a 'partner sharing their tales') EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment against her for $200,000 debts - as Dean McDermott declares 'I've fallen on hard times'  US officials insist Navy SEAL raid in Yemen was not leaked in advance though they admit the terrorists were shockingly combat ready  Fetanyl is one of the most dangerous drugs in the world, UN declares as it adds the opioid to list of controlled substances EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion that has remained untouched since the Star Wars legend's shock death and may be now be turned into a museum USA Gymnastics president resigns amid claims he ignored concerns about team doctor who 'sexually abused little girls from the age of 12 while pretending to give them pelvic exams' Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night Tahiti resort owned by Marlon Brando for a MONTH The mysterious machine that means ONLY Apple can fix some parts of an iPhone: Calibration gadget in every Apple store pictured for the first time  'Next time it's going to be fire': African American family forced to flee small Minnesota town after thugs spray paint their home with racist graffiti and leaving threatening note behind Kansas basketball star tipped for March Madness glory is accused of threatening to 'beat' a player on the women's team and vandalizing her car 'London Bridge is down': Secret code UK civil servants will use before the public is told the Queen is dead is revealed along with what happens next  How cheddar and cream cheese could give you breast cancer: Eating too much can raise the risk by 50 per cent Incredible moment a 'kidnapped' woman jumps from the trunk of a moving car to escape 'attacker who snatched her at gunpoint' Super humans who are sexier, stronger and smarter will arrive by 2029 as brains begin to fuse with machines, Google expert claims Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan about to shoot and kill man who was beating up cop in middle of the road Christian pastor discovers a giant 706-carat diamond in Sierra Leone which could be the 10th largest EVER found and worth more than $60 MILLION  Teenager, 14, finds 7.44 carat diamond in an Arkansas state park - the seventh largest ever found in the area  Previous Next Supermarket creep! Brazen man strolls up to TODDLER and 'snatches £80 from his hand' at checkout counter CCTV shows man walk up to three-year-old boy at Walmart in Oklahoma City  Burly man appears to grab the cash and nonchalantly turns back around  Boy had been playing with the money after mother put notes on the counter By Ekin Karasin For Mailonline Published: 06:20 EDT, 11 March 2017 | Updated: 06:21 EDT, 11 March 2017 e-mail View comments This is the appalling moment a man appeared to seize £80 from a toddler's hand at a supermarket. CCTV allegedly showed the well-built man stroll up to the three-year-old boy and nonchalantly grab the cash from him at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on Thursday. The youngster had been playing with the money after his mother put the notes on the checkout counter next to him. This is the appalling moment a man appeared to seize £80 from a toddler's hand at aWalmart in Oklahoma city  In the video the bald man, dressed in a black sweatshirt and shorts, appears to put him something in his pocket as he walks back.  The two men in the background and another woman at the counter can be seen watching him as he returns.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Completely NAKED man crawls slowly on all fours towards... Eyes up here please! Cameraman focuses a little TOO long on... Enraged elephant charges at a terrified motorcyclist then... Shady lady! Cute toddler is startled when she notices her... Dicing with death: CCTV shows joggers, drivers and dog... Share this article Share Oklahoma police confirmed that the two men seen behind him in the footage knew the suspected thief. Police are now hunting and launched an appeal on their Facebook page on Thursday.  CCTV allegedly showed the well-built man stroll past the three-year-old boy and nonchalantly grab the cash from him Police are now hunting and launched an appeal on their Facebook page on Thursday They wrote: 'You’ve heard of “taking candy from a baby.” Well, the suspect in the black sweatshirt stole money out of the hands of a toddler at the Walmart Neighborhood Market near Penn and SW 59th St. 'A mother placed a $100 bill on the counter in the customer service area. Her toddler started playing with the money when the suspect in the black shirt ripped the cash out child’s hands.  'The other two men in the picture appeared in surveillance video to be associates of the suspect. If you can identify any of them, call Crime Stoppers at 405-235-7300, or leave a tip online at www.okccrimetips.com. 17-17932'. Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Homeless man brought to tears following incredible transformation Dancing Prince seen talking to mystery woman at Verbier party Little girl is overcome with emotion as her dad meets her from school Train ploughs snow as it pulls into New York station Good samaritan saves police deputy by shooting his attacker Will's got the love! Prince William dances the night away CCTV footage shows final movements of Danielle McLaughlin Metro security guard fatally shoots suspected robber at bank in Rockford Epic punch-up between young men and women in fast food place Prince William dances the night away in a club in Verbier Moment BBC crew get caught in chaos of Mount Etna eruption Gang brutally beats man in Brooklyn chicken shop Homeless Spanish man, 55, breaks down in tears after... McHack attack: McDonald's blames compromised Twitter... Man suspected of murdering British woman in Goa is taken... Now pulling into the station, storm Stella! Mesmerizing... 'I see daddy!' Little girl is overwhelmed with emotion as... The tiny girl murdered by ISIS who brought a... Pictured: The 17-year-old obsessed with comic books and... The terrifying moment BBC film crew are pelted with... 'This is the worst purchase I've ever made': Couple's... 'Marion for president': Internet goes wild over the... Teenager who starved to death 'after being neglected by... Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan... ‘F*** me dead it's legit': Students are stunned when... The hottest ticket in town! Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1... Mother is arrested on suspicion of murder after her... Sturgeon lets rip at 'undemocratic' Theresa May as PM... Schoolgirl, 11, is mortified when Starbucks barista gives... High-heeled clubber SMACKS man and sparks burger bar... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The royal treatment! Prince Albert of Monaco's daughter Jazmin Grace Grimaldi packs on PDA with boyfriend Ian Mellencamp in LA Smoking hot romance! Adriana Lima lights up before packing on PDA with bad boy NY Mets pitcher Matt Harvey... after splitting with Julian Edelman Staying fit for each other! Jennifer Lopez hits Miami gym with beau A-Rod as it's revealed 'her twins Max and Emme have already met ex Yankees star' Mommy on duty! Candice Swanepoel takes a break from her high fashion shoot in Brazil to breastfeed son Anaca...while rocking a LBD It's getting ugly! Rob Kardashian 'fights for dual custody of daughter Dream with Kris Jenner's support... but Blac Chyna is pushing back' Not again! Kardashian's Los Angeles' DASH store vandalized... nine months after a failed firebombing attempt Someone graffitied it  EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion... which may be turned into a museum The Star Wars actress died on December 27  Ivanka back in DC for morning school run and meeting with Latina business owners after night out in NYC with Justin Trudeau at Broadway opening Hopper Penn admits secret battle with crystal meth addiction and reveals that dad Sean Penn gave him a 'rehab or bus bench' ultimatum  EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment for $188,800 loan and $17,000 from overdrawn checking account  'I'd go blank': Cole Sprouse was so 'infatuated' with Jennifer Aniston when playing David Schwimmer's son on Friends he'd forget his lines Shaq surprises dog attack survivor, five, and furnishes her home in time for her release from the hospital two months after brutal mauling that killed friend The Weeknd rents out cinema screening of Get Out for a romantic date night with Selena Gomez in his hometown Toronto  Things are heating up  Catch a 'haunted hangover' movie, wander the Malibu cliffs and sip flaming margaritas: How to do Los Angeles as a couple SPONSORED  Kylie Jenner proudly shows off her bling on Snapchat... just before Kendall had $200k worth of jewelry stolen Flashed a set of massive rings  She's a boho babe! Malin Akerman goes hippie chic as she steps out with son Sebastian days after going public with new actor beau Jack Donnelly 'We're all very excited': Jessica Hall of Kendra On Top reveals she is expecting baby number two with husband Pregnant by her husband Kyle Clarkson 'It's about 25 percent of their income': Kim, Kourtney, and Khloe Kardashian make SIX FIGURES for a sponsored post on social media Chad Michael Murray wears a smart blue suit as he talks about going nude on his new TV series Sun Records Wore a form-fitting suit to plug the show  Counting down to baby! Irina Shayk and Bradley Cooper leave gym together after enjoying baby shower celebrating impending arrival Exciting times  'She did it for fame': Mama June's estranged daughter Anna 'Chickadee' Cardwell says the reality icon lost weight only to get another TV show 'I thought about getting my t*****s done': Mama June tells surgeon she wants boob job after revealing she's down to 199lbs in From Not To Hot clip Revealed: The REAL reason that Princess Diana ditched THOSE unflattering '80s ruffles and puffy sleeves for a more streamlined silhouette  Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya reveals she is expecting baby number two with boyfriend Nevin Millan Showed off her test  Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin FINALLY sell their NYC penthouse after $4million cut and a year on the market Congratulations are in order for for friendly exes Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night Tahiti resort owned by Marlon Brando for a MONTH Hostess with the mostest! Tyra Banks returning as host of America's Next Top Model... after being named as Nick Cannon's replacement on AGT She can't Let It Go! Elsa Hosk channels Frozen namesake as she bundles up in icy blue fur coat against bitter NYC weather Fighting the cold  Now that's a Full House! Lori Loughlin lists neo-Mediterranean Bel-Air mansion for $35 MILLION  Is quite the renovation queen She's at it again! Ariel Winter shares yet another eye-popping Instagram photo as she flaunts her pert derriere in swimsuit while against LA skyline Transgender bride who will appear on Say Yes to the Dress admits she didn't think she would be able to have a 'normal' bridal shopping experience  Harmonica legend 'Mr Superharp' James Cotton dies of pneumonia aged 81 Blues harmonica legend James Cotton has died of pneumonia. Justin Bieber attends Hillsong conference before buying a round of beers at a local bar in Sydney as police are called after he's accosted by fans Jennifer Garner testifies on Capitol Hill about early childhood education... days after Ben Affleck revealed he went to rehab for alcohol addiction Arise Prince Akeem! Eddie Murphy 'working on a sequel to hit 1988 comedy Coming to America' The comedian is in the early stages Barefoot Contessa Ina Garten lists her Upper East Side pied-à-terre for nearly $2 million after upgrading to a bigger apartment just blocks away 'I have the most ­beautiful girlfriend in the world': Liam Payne discusses pregnant Cheryl for the FIRST time as they prepare for the birth of their child From sampling wild meat to watching movies in a graveyard, the cool and crazy things you didn't know you could do in LA  SPONSORED Ronnie Wood, 69, cuddles up to glam wife Sally, 39, as she parties with stepdaughter-in-law Fearne Cotton, 35, at charity gala Looked in good spirits  Anthony Bourdain reveals he had no savings until he was 44 and skipped paying taxes for ten YEARS as he blew money on weed and luxury vacations Beauty and the best: As St. Patrick's Day approaches, get inspired by gorgeous GREEN eye make-up moments seen on stars like Rihanna Chelsea Clinton cashes in on Elizabeth Warren rally cry with new children's book 'She Persisted' after her global health tome is massive flop She's not alone! Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie vacations in Hawaii with little sister Cortney Erin who stuns in a hot pink bathing suit TLC's The Willis Family patriarch Toby Willis, 46, arraigned in Tennessee on four counts of child rape stemming from incident 12 years ago  He pleaded not guilty  Swedish singer Tove Lo shocks by boldly flashing her bare breasts to the crowd as she kicks off her shoes during very sassy show in Manchester Friends star Matthew Perry reveals that he got into a fight with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau when they were at school together  'How could they not even know her name?' Dirty Dancing's Jennifer Grey breaks down into tears as she learns of tragic ancestry on Who Do You Think You Are?  Romain Dauriac steps out with daughter Rose in NYC while estranged wife Scarlett Johansson promotes new film in Japan amid custody battle  Feeling lucky? With help from Olivia Palermo and Emily Ratajkowski, FEMAIL reveals the easiest way to wear green on St. Patrick's Day Sneak peek! Check out the elegant and affordable Victoria Beckham for Target collection for women and children before its release on April 9 Sexy Sixties' ice queen Charlotte Rampling thaws... but only a little  The British actress is known for her outspoken views and was an icon of the 1960s  She's a Vanderpump fan! Stylish Halle Berry enjoys lunch with male companion at reality star Lisa's restaurant Villa Blanca in Beverly Hills Mane attraction! Vanessa Hudgens shows off new extensions during horseback riding lessons in LA But kept them in check  Spring fever! Head buyer at Revolve - the trailblazing retailer loved by Hailey Baldwin and Olivia Culpo - shares with FEMAIL the season's hottest trends Strong mommy! Lethal Weapon star Jordana Brewster carries her son Julian in just one arm during coffee run in LA Raven-haired beauty  Hoda Kotb shares first photo of  longtime beau Joel Schiffman playing with her baby girl Haley Joy - after revealing her adopted daughter will call him 'Dad' Hitting her stride! Katie Holmes wears SNEAKERS with satin velvet gown right after attending The Kennedys After Camelot premiere  Gave heels a miss Johnny Manziel poses for romantic engagement photo in front of the Eiffel Tower with his Instagram model girlfriend Bre Tiesi 'I made a big mistake': Kathy Hilton expresses her regret over Jennifer Aniston tweet which wrongly claimed actress was pregnant with a baby girl Fast friends! Former Olympic skater Nancy Kerrigan hugs ballroom partner Artem Chigvintsev during break from their DWTS rehearsal Tara Reid puckers up to pal Dean May in LA nightclub on night out after they were axed from Marriage Boot Camp for faking their relationship Saturday Night Live announces Sean Spicer herself Melissa McCarthy will return to host in May - and their final four episodes will air live for all Frantic Kendall Jenner calls 911 over burglary fears after discovering $200k of jewelry missing from Hollywood Hills home... but 'cops suspect inside job'  Bruce Willis takes his young family to Disney World in Orlando as wife Emma Heming reveals the Die Hard tough guy is really a softie at heart  He's looking good at 61 Trump family tell-all: Ivana writing memoir of 'unfiltered personal stories' about her three children, 'whirlwind romance' with Donald and escaping to the US VIP on set! Suri Cruise had her own director chair while mom Katie Holmes filmed Kennedys miniseries... and even got hair and makeup done A life of service: Queen Elizabeth, 90, pauses for a moment of quiet reflection as she admires Army uniform she wore as a young princess during WWII 'Snow and bear snuggles': Victoria's Secret model Candice Swanepoel poses with baby son Anacã in post-storm New York City 'First day doing my cardiac rehab': The Biggest Loser host Bob Harper, 51, returns to working out one month after suffering heart attack Braless Bella Thorne flashes her nipple piercing in revealing flesh-colored top as she she debuts her new Gothic look and choppy hairdo EXCLUSIVE: First picture of ex-boyfriend Mischa Barton claims secretly filmed their sex sessions and accuses of shopping the X-rated video to porn companies 'She could be in prison!' Reese Witherspoon brainstorms ideas for Elle Woods in Legally Blonde 3 Tempted do do another 'That's for sure': Director James Gunn confirms there will be Guardians of the Galaxy 3 but hints that he may not be directing the latest episode Karolina Kurkova goes bananas during photo shoot in Miami as she seductively eats fruit for the camera She had fun during a break from modeling  Ferry Cross The Mersey singer Gerry Marsden, 74, collapses onstage during gig with band the Pacemakers four years after his last heart surgery operation  Kaley Cuoco's ex boyfriend Johnny Galecki hugs her new love Karl Cook on Big Bang Theory set Two men in her life getting on great Lena Dunham flaunts her incredible weight loss... as she delightedly Facetimes health buff Gwyneth Paltrow at Tracy Anderson's NYC studio launch New dad Kelsey Grammer, 62, beams as he escorts stunning wife Kayte, 36, to dinner at Craig's on a rare night off from parenting in Los Angeles Suited up! Robin Thicke looks sharp as he steps out for lunch with girlfriend April Love Geary  Taking mind off custody battle with trip to Nobu 'We're hanging out all the time!': Ryan Reynolds reveals he has stayed good friends with his Life co-star Jake Gyllenhaal as he hits GMA in NYC Worse-for-wear Kris Jenner, 61, bares her bra under sheer gold mini before risking flashing entire derriere after Kathy Hilton's raucous birthday bash 'I'm Terrified!' Isaac Hempstead-Wright admits he fears 'the end of gainful employment' as Game Of Thrones' final season creeps ever closer He could have shaved! James Corden wears Belle's gown to perform Beauty And The Beast on LA street with Josh Gad, Dan Stevens and Luke Evans Putting in the leg work! Gigi Hadid flashes skin in revealing all-white look as she struts through New York in thigh-high snake print boots  Larson-ing around! Brie can't contain her joy as she poses for selfies alongside Tom Hiddleson during Kong: Skull Island press conference in China Revealed: Game of Thrones' dragons will be the size of jumbo-jets as director Matt Shankman  promises beasts will be bigger than ever in season 7 Kendall Jenner flaunts figure in crop top and thigh-grazing mini for new fashion campaign... as it's revealed she has been victim of $200k jewelry theft 'I was depressed, anxious and didn't feel good enough': Selena Gomez wears ab-baring two-piece for Vogue... as she reveals loneliness  led to meltdown Leonardo DiCaprio's 'former flame' Roxy Horner is beautiful in bridal couture as she teams a gorgeous lace dress with trainers for photoshoot Battling the elements! Bella Hadid bundles up for snowy outing in black fur coat and tight jeans  The 20-year-old was spotted in New York  'Meow!': Khloe Kardashian plays the part of sex kitten in her silk leopard-print pajamas after gushing over beau Tristan Thompson Save Sesame Street! Public broadcasting funder says Trump plan to ax its federal cash would 'devastate' programs for children and American history Obama travels to Marlon Brando's private Polynesian island to unwind (so is this where he and Michelle will write their $60million memoirs?)  What troubles? Scarlett Johansson shrugs off tension from divorce filing as she stuns in unusual teal gown at Ghost In The Shell Japan premiere Game Of Thrones' Nathalie Emmanuel looks VERY different in punk shoot as she claims 'lack of diversity' on TV damaged her self-esteem as a child She must have backed a winner! Princess Anne, 66,  gets VERY animated as she cheers on the riders at the Cheltenham Festival in England Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1 fan Ivanka Trump skips her dad's rally to watch Canadian prime minister speak on Broadway as his special guest  Actress Rebecca Ferguson opts for pure elegance in biased-cut dress as she joins co-star Jake Gyllenhaal at Life photocall in London Lea Michele warns her exes might get 'Taylor Swifted' on her new album Places as she stops by The Ellen DeGeneres Show It's her second album 'I still haven't got to the punch line': Stephen Colbert roasts Rachel Maddow as she appears on Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show to defend her Trump tax 'scoop' EXCLUSIVE: 90s cult favorite Magic School Bus is back in a Netflix reboot starring Kate McKinnon - so what happened to the stars of the original show? 'He's matured so much': Busty aspiring musician Nyssa Large reveals Justin Bieber is 'lovely' after denying she was invited on his yacht for 'sexual favors' Bieber's burger stop! Justin stuns locals as he joins line at a Sydney McDonald's after trying Vegemite for the first time... following wild boat party with models  In the frame: Kate Moss leaves her London home in a stylish print suit... as her driver carries an encased photograph of her singing Male model reveals how he went from Virginia Tech hoops star to partying with Rita Ora and LIVING in a five-star hotel (but says he still can't get a date!) NEW videos from Prince William's big night out show royal putting arm round waist of mystery woman, stealing model's hat and hugging the DJ Braless Elle Fanning suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as she flashes more than expected in pretty summer dress ahead of casting call  What a Fox! Actress Megan displays her drool-inducing curves in a range of sexy lingerie as she lends her talents to scintillating ad campaign Sexy sweat session! Inseparable duo A-Rod and Jennifer Lopez work out as she dons mesh top which reveals plunging neon sports bra She's golden! Curvy model Iskra Lawrence flaunts her VERY ample derriere in sparkling high-waisted pants as she enjoys night out in London Tubby bye bye! It's 20 years since the Teletubbies first bounced on to our screens and their iconic home is now UNDERWATER Putting workshy Wills to shame? Prince Harry carries out a second day of royal duties as his brother continues to feel the heat over his ski trip to Switzerland   Everyone's a winner! It's smiles all round for royal racing fans as Princess Anne, Zara and Mike Tindall are snapped looking jubilant at Cheltenham  Not The Simple Life! Makeup-free Nicole Richie dabs her face with a towel following sweaty workout at LA gym as she flaunts her slender pins in leggings 'The way he talks gives me butterflies': Paris Hilton looks sexy in a plunging swimsuit as she gushes about boyfriend Chris Zylka after Mexican break Former frenemies NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak 'set for dramatic return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta as they reach negotiation stage' Katie Holmes looks stylish in vintage silk and lace blush gown at the premiere of her new TV mini-series The Kennedys After Camelot 'I hope she gets to make that movie': Beauty And The Beast's Bill Condon responds after Lindsay Lohan pitches him as director for The Little Mermaid A teenage dream come true? Almost! Steelers fan wins a prom date with her favorite NFL player - but now her school's age limit could stop him from going Not very macrobiotic! Health buff Madonna, 58, ditches the diet as she gorges on potato chips while announcing that she's searching for new fitness trainer Birthday girl Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her lean legs in white shorts as she celebrates her inner child with her family at Disneyland Megyn Kelly STILL negotiating exit from Fox News says her rep despite network statement that she was released from her contract last week  Missing the Beverly Hill sunshine? Lisa Rinna bundles up for outing with Harry Hamlin and model daughter Delilah in snowy New York City Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles goes braless as she wears sexy purple top with matching loin-cloth hotpants and thigh-highs to perform gig  Prince Harry meets military hero who survived being torched by Iraqi mob (who has now got an even better red beard than the prince!) He really IS a dedicated follower of fashion! Kinks singer Sir Ray Davies looks stylish to get his knighthood from Prince Charles in London Superhero in training! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina attend karate class together... one day after alcohol rehab revelation  Back to being a dad  Karolina Kurkova channels Lady Gaga in a decadent hot pink prom dress for a Harper's Bazaar shoot... before suggestively eating a banana Chad Michael Murray nearly bares it all in nude Sun Records clip as he heads to NYC to promote the CMT series days after birth of his daughter Taking care of business! Kris Jenner chats on cell phone... as she steps out following claims Caitlyn will accuse her of 'keeping Bruce in the closet' Drew Barrymore steps up the plate as new narrator of First Dates as she and fellow producer Ellen DeGeneres transport the UK hit Stateside Mischa Barton takes out restraining orders against the TWO former boyfriends she claims are trying to sell a sex tape of her for $500,000 'Bottoms up!': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie sips a Bloody Mary while modeling her impressive bikini body during Hawaiian vacation FIRST LOOK: Eddie Redmayne transforms into caveman as he goes to battle with Tom Hiddleston's villainous character in animated movie Early Man Keeping it simple! Queen Letizia of Spain is picture of pared back chic in a slim-fitting pant suit as she greets guests at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid A spring in her step! Britain's Queen Elizabeth beams as she is presented with flowers at the reopening of the National Army Museum in London Sexy ray of sunshine! Kendall Jenner is unmissable in a bright yellow outfit as she heads to a family lunch   Embraced Los Angeles' very warm spring Downton Abbey star Jessica Brown Findlay puts her ample assets on display in new film stills for 18th century prostitution drama Harlots Lamar Odom enjoys lunch with guys and assistant who bears striking resemblance to ex Khloe Kardashian The 37-year-old was spotted having lunch  Another day, another hat! Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall makes a glamorous entrance in a statement headpiece for her THIRD day at Cheltenham  Amanda Seyfried threatens legal action over leaked nude photos just a day after Emma Watson revealed her personal pictures had been stolen  Still got it! Nancy Kerrigan returns to the ice for playful rehearsals with shirtless DWTS partner Artem Chigvintsev Rolled back the years  Consciously coupling! Gwyneth Paltrow 'plans on marrying' boyfriend Brad Falchuk who is set to propose 'soon' The 44-year-old 'plans on marrying' him Kesha shares an intimate bedroom selfie as she wears only a tank top and underwear on Instagram Positive body image Shaping up in Boston! Hometown hero Matt Damon greeted by students as he gets in workout at local college  Always got time to greet his fans Kourtney Kardashian shows off fab figure in white bodysuit and $2000 Gucci jogger pants while out in LA Reality star looked absolutely fantastic Designated Survivor star Kal Penn calls out Hollywood over racism... as he tweets scripts showing stereotype roles he auditioned for Unfortunate  Joanna Krupa arrives for Hollywood premiere of You Can't Have It after blasting no-show co-star Rob Gronkowski The reality star looked fab in a black gown 'Girls are magic': American Horror Story actress Lily Rabe and beau Hamish Linklater welcome baby daughter Cuddled up with her first child  Sharing her X-Files? Gillian Anderson looks spec-tacular as she heads to panel in NYC to discuss her new self-help book on power of women Belgium's Queen Mathilde, 44, shows off her trim waist in a belted green dress as she meets young people in Holsbeek to promote Week Of Care   Looking for some spare change? Playful Liv Tyler grins as she fishes through fiancé Dave Gardner's pockets at Cheltenham Festival in England Kate Beckinsale rocks leggings and baggy tank top as she steps out with daughter Lily, 18, in Beverly Hills Lily, 18, also wore black leggings 'This guy knows right when to give a gal a call': Dave Chapelle cheers up Amy Schumer via FaceTime... as she battles online trolls over ratings 'It gets better than this': Chloe Grace Moretz unveils poignant new tattoo under her breast... days after chopping and bleaching her hair All woman! Ashley Graham sparkles in figure-hugging dress and silver heels as she is honored at Urban Arts event Sleeveless outfit  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson insists all is well with Perrie Edwards as they remain defiant in face of rift rumors... as bookies place odds of 4/1 for split She's her own best advert! Reese Witherspoon dons entire Draper James ensemble after make-up free morning workout routine Looked very happy  Zoe Kravitz, 28, stuns in black pant suit and golden top as she attends gala at The Whitney Museum of American Art in New York City Playful Rosario Dawson dispels her prim appearance as she hikes up her gown to flash her endless legs during Iron Fist NYC premiere Hubby and wife Emily Blunt and John Krasinski set to star together for the first time on the big screen in paranormal thriller A Quiet Place So You Think You Can Tan? Cat Deeley, 40, sports painful-looking sunburn as she heads home after salon appointment in Los Angeles  Looking good! Dascha Polanco makes a case for red being the new black at Netflix premiere for Spanish-language series in Miami Beach Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned tum in a crop top as she kisses her stylist goodbye in LA Said farewell to Maeve Reilly with a big kiss on the cheek 'That's the least I could do': John Legend had to be 'present and compassionate' during Chrissy Teigen's postpartum depression Had to be there  Dressed to kill! 1980s hitmaker Sheena Easton on her worst fashion faux-pas (but now she knows what to wear)  The 9 to 5 singer turns 58 next month That was quick! Vanessa Hudgens goes from a lob to long luscious tresses in just a few hours thanks to some new hair extensions Blac Chyna flashes the flesh in sexy new photo shoot ...as she continues 'amicable' co-parenting arrangement with ex Rob Kardashian 'I'm so proud of myself': Demi Lovato 'feeling humbled and joyful' as she celebrates five years of sobriety  Posed a screenshot proving her clean period  Giddy Kate Moss flashes her lace lingerie from beneath chic sheer top paired with androgynous pant suit for night on the town Sienna Miller steps out for the opening of Broadway musical Joan Of Arc: Into The Fire... after breaking her silence on split with Tom Sturridge Han Swole-O! Harrison Ford, 74, looks buff as he takes his classic car for a spin around Los Angeles  Driving around in a pine green vintage Jaguar Nicki Minaj flaunts her ample bosom in diamond bra and dress as Celine Dion reacts to lip-syncing performance of It's All Coming Back to Me Now Lucky Blue Smith's sister posts make-up-free selfie on Instagram and urges others to embrace their natural skin - after showing off blemishes 'Zen chilling!' Zoe Saldana shares adorable clip on Instagram of baby son enjoying gently rocking baby seat Shared the video  David Hasselhoff, 64, looks head over heels with his stunning fiancée Hayley Roberts, 36, as they enjoy romantic lunch date in Malibu Will The Crown's Philip have an affair? Show's writer suggests he will not shy away from controversial theory during the next series  Minefield of a storyline  'I'm crying!': Eva Longoria surprised with mariachi band from husband for her 42nd birthday after spending the day at Disneyland Shared several photos  Going strong! Paris Hilton and new boyfriend Chris Zylka hold hands at Los Angeles airport after romantic trip The 36-year-old socialite looked besotted Sister bonding time! Kylie and Kendall Jenner goof around with flip phones and filters on Snapchat Spending some quality time with each other Sir Patrick Stewart reveals he uses marijuana every day to help deal with debilitating arthritis symptoms  Sci-fi legend  Leah Remini's Scientology And The Aftermath is renewed for another season It seems to have been a clear ratings winner for the former member  Smooth getaway! Harry Styles looks in high spirits as he takes selfies with fans at New York airport... following bandmate Louis Tomlinson's LAX bust-up 'Very single': Mindy Kaling reveals her relationship status before determining ideal match in game of Who'd You Rather on Ellen Brutally honest  Wonderful in white! Olivia Culpo and Rachel Zoe match in light looks at LA fashion luncheon Celebrating the latest marketing campaign for Ugg boots  Shiny happy actress! Julianne Moore rocks tunic dress over thigh-high PVC boots at museum benefit in NYC Ensemble emphasized her slim frame Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley looks radiant in a flowing bardot top and matching trousers as she holds fashion luncheon in LA Low key and bra free! Jaime King opts for a laid back look as she treats herself to a coffee and some retail therapy  Headed out in Melrose Place It must be her fur-vorite! Keri Russell dons her familiar wintry hat for jaunt through snowy New York City Some New Yorkers were no doubt caught out  Mixing it up! Ashley Tisdale rocks chic sleeveless dress and elaborate studded booties after sweaty workout  Multi-talented star PICTURED: Ben Affleck dotes on son during outing with Jennifer Garner as he emerges for first time since secret rehab stint for alcohol abuse Mischa Barton describes how 'worst fear' was realized when she learned sex tape of her most 'intimate' moments was being shopped around  Going public! Newly engaged Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi enjoy first post-reveal date night... amid rumors duo have 'volatile relationship' The feud that won't die! Caitlyn Jenner will accuse Kris of 'pushing Bruce in the closet and asking him to suppress his true self' in new tell-all Hackers steal and post personal pictures of actresses Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried - but Harry Potter star denies nude photos in bath are her Prince wooed ex-wife Mayte at 16, adopted her at 17 and told her to go on birth control at 19 - while criticizing her style and docking her pay for gaining weight Prince's ex-wife opens up about the death of their severely disabled newborn son and how the singer left her the next day as she lay in bed cradling tot's ashes  'They organize to get my ratings down': Amy Schumer's Netflix comedy special panned in online reviews... and star blames alt-right trolls Ryan Reynolds is forced to pull out of British TV show after being stranded in NYC snow storm... as Jake Gyllenhaal gushes about their 'bromance' So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up? Justin Bieber appears to be morphing into Eminem with pop star sporting glasses amd peroxide hair  'It's top of my list!' Ed Sheeran admits the defining moment of his career was singing with Beyoncé... and reveals hopes for future collaboration 'It was the lowest point of my life': Jonathan Lipnicki talks anxiety and depression as he was bullied after Jerry Maguire role He's now 26 years old Wish the Avengers would assemble? Captain America's Chris Evans feels 'rage' and 'fury' at Donald Trump's presidency Says it's 'unbelievable'     DON'T MISS Meek Mill faces misdemeanor assault charge after St. Louis airport employee photo request sparks fight The 29-year-old rapper was detained by police New Heath Ledger documentary delving into the Aussie actor's life and death as told by his 'inner circle' is set to air in May Untold story  Victoria's Secret Angel Toni puts on a leggy display in thigh-skimming leather skirt as she attends Berlin launch of You Are Wanted 'I almost died': Kesha reveals she was in the brink before seeking help in rehab for eating disorder  Star had to take drastic action   Explained: The crippling genetic disorder that killed Prince and Mayte's son Amir just 7 days after his birth Had Pfeiffer syndrome  Stunner! Karolina Kurkova shows off her long legs as she models eye-catching outfits on Miami photo shoot Rocking some serious 1980s vibes Sister Wives star Mariah Brown goes public with new girlfriend after coming out as gay to her shocked Mormon parents on reality show Larsa Pippen's 'on-again' husband Scottie parties in Hollywood with a gaggle of women and leaves with a hot blonde Married for 20 years Radiant Angelina Jolie declares herself as a 'proud American' as she delivers speech on refugees at UN Office in Geneva... and is praised for her 'beautiful' talk  Making the beach the happiest place on earth! Swimwear brands debuts collection of bikinis inspired by Disney princesses, showcased by models Someone putting a smile on your dial?Rebel Wilson beams as she touches down at LAX after dining with a handsome mystery man Beaming bella  Did she secretly get married? Minnie Driver, 47, flashes gold band on wedding finger as she lunches with beau of three years Neville Wakefield, 54 'We're married!': RuPaul reveals he wed longtime partner Georges in secret ceremony earlier this year  Been together 23 years Azealia Banks avoids jail time by agreeing to anger management program in last-minute plea deal in bouncer breast-biting assault case EXCLUSIVE: David Cassidy's bankruptcy payment plan rejected by creditor who says the actor could still go on Dancing with the Stars nd make millions 'They have been ready for a while': Mary-Kate Olsen, 30, and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47, 'really want a baby'  The pair have been married for 15 months Debra Messing thanks 'brave' FDNY for heroically putting out 'roaring fire' next door that blew out windows of her $5.5m Upper East Side apartment FIRST LOOK: Ian McShane and hunky Ricky Whittle star in surreal and bloody trailer for American Gods  Watch a clip here 'I'm not leaving my wife for you...!' Joe Biden's daughter says former Vice President loves those Obama bromance memes - and reveals his all-time favorite Barack Obama hits the golf course at a country club in Hawaii as the former president and wife Michelle enjoy a surprise vacation in the aloha state Emilia Clarke is haunted by ghosts as she puts on a chilling performance in eerie Voice from the Stone trailer  Game of Thrones star  She's so rich she needs TWO purses! Honest Co creator Jessica Alba carries $4.6K Louis Vuitton bag and $1.2K Ralph Lauren crossbody in LA Jennifer Lopez takes break from A-Rod snuggles to work on her rock hard abs during solo fitness session in Bahamas  Looking good at age 47  True Beliebers! Sydney fans thank Justin Bieber for an 'amazing show' at the ANZ Stadium as he says it's 'best night of his life' THREE times Getting bad press  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez leave the Bahamas as it's revealed the couple 'definitely see a future together' Rita Ora steps out looking relieved in funky faux-fur jacket and leggings... after narrowly avoiding a 'drive by shooting' in London street Her life isn't always glamorous! Bella Hadid trudges through snow on chilly NYC street  The Vogue model looked like just another New Yorker Hell for leather! Basketball wives star Sundy Carter wears extremely risque dominatrix dress that flashes cleavage and bare derriere  Shady lady! As Gwen Stefani launches new styles of frames for her eyeglass and sunglass lines, FEMAIL rounds up the chicest specs for YOU to shop now EXCLUSIVE: RHOC's Alexa Curtin scores big victory against Orange County officer she alleges raped her after his department is told to turn over internal files  How Ruby Rose took the name of her boxing legend godfather Lionel and even honors him with a tattoo on her back - but his widow hasn't heard a word from her  'Everyone kept bringing me drinks!' Ireland Baldwin explains messy night out that left her nipple and underwear exposed Looked worse for wear  Not the best choice of footwear! Queen Maxima of the Netherlands almost TRIPS over in her towering heels in snowy Washington DC Looking for Somebody To Love? Justin Bieber runs up steps and into arms of a glamorous air hostess who welcomes him with a VERY warm smile as he boards jet EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie prepares to submit DNA sample to police in alleged rape case - days after exes had dinner together Tiffany Trump returns to snowy New York after spending two weeks on a romantic spring break trip in Belize with boyfriend Ross Mechanic A-listers in action! Kristen Stewart and John Legend lead list of celebrities lending their talents to music projects in aid of Planned Parenthood 'I've been hit. I couldn't walk': The Good Wife's Melissa George in tears over 'assault' by ex Jean-David Blanc and her attempts to flee Paris with their kids EXCLUSIVE: Inside the Swiss hotel where Prince William spent 'boys weekend' partying with blondes, and 'dad dancing' while Kate stayed home with kids Prince William is back to the daily grind as he returns to helicopter pilot job after boozing with topless model and hitting dancefloor in Switzerland  Life's a peach! Victoria's Secret model Devon Windsor parades her pert posterior as she strips off to reveal patterned thong bikini at Miami Beach Dynasty actress Linda Evans, 74, was busted for DUI and was able to keep it secret for nearly three years Star of the 1980s soap was stopped in 2014 Would you pay $1.5MILLION to freeze time like Jen? Two pictures, a staggering 17 years apart. So how does Jennifer Aniston do it?   Lilo of Arabia: Lindsay Lohan sprawls out in sultry desert snap... after hinting she's releasing a line of headscarves Converted to Islam? What a petal! Daisy Lowe flaunts her sensational curves and ample assets in a figure-hugging tulip gown as she leads glamour at a charity gala America's Next Top Model host Rita Ora narrowly avoids a 'drive by shooting' as armed gang target a London street just minutes after she walked past  SPOILER ALERT: This Is Us fans react in frustration on Twitter as tearjerker season finale of hit show fails to reveal how Jack died  Unanswered questions  'There was a group of guys following us': Kim Kardashian looks stressed as she reveals Paris robbers STALKED her in new KUWTK teaser Dangerous curves ahead! Nicole Murphy drops jaws in extremely tight backless dress during coffee run in LA The 53-year-old beauty has five kids Kylie Jenner shows off her ample assets in $5k neon Chanel workout outfit... as fans complain about being 'ripped off' after receiving EMPTY cosmetics He needs to improve his net work! Mark Zuckerberg is caught on camera flubbing an easy shot on the basketball court as he continues his tour of the U.S. Amber Rose's jaw-dropping cleavage breaks the laws of gravity in Instagram ad for strapless backless bra Barely kept them in place 'I'm moving to LA!': Canadian Vanessa will be by Bachelor Nick's side as he competes on DWTS... but there is NO wedding date and they have NOT talked kids 'She is so beautiful and funny, but slightly odd in a wonderful way': Alec Baldwin recalls starring alongside Lisa Kudrow in hilarious Friends episode 'I was perfect in my dad's eyes':  Paris Jackson claims she was pop icon Michael's 'favorite' child, as she shows off her abs in Madonna-inspired shoot Ready for summer! Lethal Weapon star Jordana Brewster is ravishing in white dress as she hits wine bar with Molly Sims and Ali Larter Fans go wild on Twitter as Ed Sheeran's VERY dirty-sounding hashtag #sheeranalbumparty surfaces... years after Susan Boyle's epic PR blunder Pooch smooch! Joanna Krupa shows off her enviably taut tummy in tight crop top as she puckers up to her dog Darla during walk in Los Angeles  Make-up free Amber Heard cuts a casual figure as Johnny Depp's ex enjoys a reunion with her former girlfriend Tasya van Ree in Los Angeles He's NOT joking! Comedian Chris Rock will BAN mobile phones and smart watches during first Australian tour in a decade Wants no interruptions  C'est La Vie! B*Witched send fans into overdrive with 20th anniversary comeback... but the Irish girl group plans to DITCH their old number one hits 'People only care about their selfie': Justin Bieber's pal DJ Martin Garrix says singer adores his fans despite him telling a belieber 'you make me sick' Geri Horner looks radiant as she takes her newborn son Montague for a stroll in the sunshine... hours after donning skimpy attire for yoga video Flare she goes! Victoria Beckham turns heads in a VERY oversized pant suit and platform heels as she heads out in snowy New York City Lisa Rinna accuses RHOBH co-star Dorit Kemsley of being 'drama queen' during appearance on Bravo's Watch What Happens Live 'Dating sucks!': Hilary Duff complains it's hard finding love in LA and she attracts only 'old men'... even though she's in a relationship with Matthew Koma He didn't 'like' that! Terrified Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg shouts 'holy s***' as NASCAR star Dale Earnhardt Jr takes him for a spin at 170mph  Hat's a bit different! Princess Charles' wife Camilla turns heads in a bold green creation as she joins racegoers for Ladies' Day at the Cheltenham Fesitval Paris Jackson takes a smoke break and exposes nipple rings after landing high fashion magazine cover... but she's not happy about it Liv Tyler shuns bright colors in favor of an elegant black dress with a wide-brimmed hat as fiancé Dave Gardner accompanies her to Cheltenham Festival Elizabeth Olsen flaunts her lithe legs in micro denim shorts as she enjoys a low-key shopping trip in LA The actress, 28, made most of sunny weather  Braless Cara Santana shows off her perky assets in shimmering bodycon dress and racy lace-up boots for date night with fiancé Jesse Metcalfe Caught in a storm and with a suitcase of cash: Smart Rihanna sports red wig and suit in new promo shots showing her as Marion Crane in TV's Bates Motel Date night? Rebel Wilson holds hands with a tall mystery man while arriving at celebrity hotspot Craig's restaurant in West Hollywood Tarek and Christina El Moussa call in life coach Tim Storey to oversee their split... but reunion is not on the cards They all met for dinner, according to reports  Lisa Marie Presley ordered to shell out $10,000 a month to help pay her estranged husband's legal fees as she goes about divorcing him 'You're the one person I want by my side': Zayn Malik professes love for girlfriend Gigi Hadid in sweet new video Singer is besotted as ever with model love Who knew they were friends? Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall cuts stylish figure at Cheltenham Festival with Hobbit star James Nesbitt  Britain's Queen Elizabeth digs deep to make a personal donation amid dire warnings that millions could die in East African famine  Have-a-go Harry! The Prince chats to children as he helps out at a conservation project near London (while brother Wills parties in the Swiss Alps)  Is THIS where William learned to dance like that? Prince got tips on busting a move on visit to youth center Admitted he could 'never get shoulder shiver right' Ooh la bra! Nina Dobrev gets sexy spot on in a sheer polka dot lingerie-revealing top at the annual Power Stylists Dinner Stood out in spots 'Can you imagine the outcry if he fired  gun at Obama?' Trump slams Snoop for assassination video and says 'failing' rapper would be in jail if he shot Barack in clip Boots with the fur! Supermodel Carol Alt looking good at 56 as she reveals legs in flirty dress split down the thigh at T2 Trainspotting New York premiere Check out one's dress! Prince Edward's wife Sophie Wessex dons a colorful patterned frock to meet Malawi school pupils on the third day of her Africa visit Former Spice Girl Geri Horner, 44, displays her svelte body in tiny black shorts as she shares a video of herself doing yoga... just two months after birth of son  Featherweight champ! Jessica Biel rocks gold belt and white dress combo as she visits her Au Fudge restaurant in West Hollywood  A real businesswoman Taylor Swift 'files documents to launch streaming website with merchandise and online courses'... two years after bitter dispute with Apple Music and Spotify 'Taylor f*****g Swift... may as well have voted for Trump': Actress Lola Kirke slams the singer for not using her fame and global platform to discuss politics 'You talk a lot': Erika Girardi calls Dorit Kemsley 'bulls***ter' as feud explodes during Hong Kong trip on RHOBH Went off on one Trouble brewing? Police question singer Ed Sheeran's rapper cousin Jethro Sheeran, 42, after 'he threatened music reviewers  in a flurry of abusive texts'  Holey moley! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her bra as she steps out in VERY high ripped up track pants as she takes Mason Disick to art class Top of the crops! Make-up free Selena Gomez reveals toned abs and trim legs in workout gear after Pilates Pop star is working hard EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber and the sexy mom! Singer enjoyed a wild boat party with married mother-of-one and former glamour model Kaysha Louise Mourning Kanye West seen for first time since death of his cousin Ricky Anderson's one-year-old son Avery The rapper, 39, kept his face down  'I pick you no doubt!' Adam Levine laments losing singer to 'angel' Gwen Stefani as teams fill up on The Voice Maroon 5 frontman lost out to his rival judge  DWTS' Peta Murgatroyd shows off her post-baby body as she enjoys night off parenting duties with co-star fiancé Maksim Chmerkovskiy Richard Simmons' brother says the beloved 68-year-old fitness star is 'doing great' and that he simply needs a vacation after decades in the spotlight  Runaway fashion! Reese Witherspoon works up a sweat before going glam for a Beverly Hills lunch The 40-year-old was seen jogging with a pal  Fifty shades redder! Dakota Johnson is a scarlet woman in suede top and trousers at Power Stylists Dinner 50 Shades star knows all about scarlet woman Denim darlings! Anwar Hadid and girlfriend Nicola Peltz wear matching jackets to lunch in West Hollywood  Matchy matchy Kesha dons cowgirl inspired suit complete with pink sequinned top as she attends SXSW panel in Texas Added a level of sophistication Making them green with envy! Nicole Richie, 35, dares to bare in a sheer dress and see-through lace bodysuit at the Power Stylists Dinner What a model pair! Cousins Hailey and Ireland Baldwin flaunt their figures as they lead star-studded pack at stylists event in LA Stunning relatives  A red, red rose! Mary J Blige shows off her tattooed thigh in adventurously skimpy playsuit at stylists event It is the sort of look that irresistibly draws the eye Hello Dolly! Bette Midler shares first pic of herself in Broadway revival of musical... as show racks up $40 million in advance sales Hot ticket 'I'm coming for you': Whoopi Goldberg blasts fake web story claiming it 'endangered' her life Hit out at a false story related to Navy SEAL widow Legs for days! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova highlights her assets in dramatic sheer dress and Daisy Dukes for Harper's Bazaar China A (not so) casual outing! Kate Upton wears diamonds and pearls as she goes to sandwich shop She was just popping out to grab a bite to eat Man cure! Jennifer Garner stops by the nail salon in Beverly Hills... as ex Ben Affleck reveals alcohol rehab battle Treated herself  'Yo, home to Bel-Air!' Will Smith morphs into Uncle Phil sending the internet into a tailspin and prompts calls for a Fresh Prince reboot Video surfaced online By frolicking with blondes and failing in his duty, Prince William could turn the public fatally against the monarchy Start of a scandal? Mandy Moore sizzles in red dress at This Is Us finale screening in Los Angeles The 32-year-old wowed as she walked the arrivals carpet  Dolly Parton's charitable fund gives financial aid to 921 people who lost homes in Tennessee wildfires Is giving them $6,000 each 'I face insecurities': Lily Collins speaks of her struggles while posing in a daring lace bra and sheer skirt Talked about her problems in the spotlight Ouch! Hailey Baldwin steps out in style after revealing her strange secret to healing back pain She's taking advantage of the LA sun 'I haven't been this excited since giving away cars!' Oprah Winfrey gifts cast and crew of A Wrinkle In Time a high-end juicer Top of the range Heidi Klum arrives in style with her four children at Germany Consulate General office in Los Angeles Project Runway looked typically stylish  Ready to pop! Pregnant Amanda Seyfried dresses her baby bump in a loose T-shirt as she runs errands in LA  The 31-year-old kept business as usual  Patrick Dempsey and wife of 17 years pack on the PDA as she visits him on set... just months after calling off their divorce Couldn't be separated  How low can you go! Former Swimsuit Illustrated model Jessica Gomes flaunts cleavage in plunging white dress during skincare launch No more flubber-flapping! Mr T boasts he is 'lean and mean' after losing 12 pounds training for DWTS Was renowned for his chiselled physique EXCLUSIVE: 'I was an idiot - what was I thinking?' Sandra Bullock's cheating ex Jesse James opens his heart about their dramatic breakup  Leggy blonde! Hilary Duff goes braless as she steps out in tiny jean shorts that showcase her toned pins while in LA Also rocked a straw hat Justin Bieber explains he was just playing a character when he hurled expletives at news crew but goes on to deliver even MORE offensive insults Jared Kushner's brother Joshua goes on Manhattan sushi date with Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich's wife Dasha Zhukova then covers his face  Doting parents Zoe Saldana and Marco Perego locks lips during family outing with twins Bowie and Cy The actress, 38, enjoyed quality time with her boys Caitlyn Jenner, 67, is ready for spring in pretty teal blouse with white skinny jeans as she grabs Starbucks in Malibu Looked lovely  She's so transparent! Courteney Cox turns heads as she flashes her bra in sheer top on outing in Los Angeles She is used to turning heads Sweating it out in style! Alessandra Ambrosio is a fit babe in black as she hits up a Pilates class  The 35-year-old showed off the natural beauty she is famous for  Baby shower! Model Irina Shayk celebrates the impending arrival of her first baby with father-to-be Bradley Cooper during intimate lunch in LA Lisa Rinna's aspiring model daughter Amelia Hamlin, 15, wears lace-up crop on night out on the Hollywood scene The teen's dad is actor Harry Hamlin Boots made for shopping! Ali Larter reveals toned legs in denim shirt and suede stompers for retail therapy  Mom-of-two looked relax 'Another pinch me moment!!' Cara Delevingne teases her first ever novel Mirror, Mirror in Instagram post Model, actress - and now - author 'She's got no inhibitions': Meet stunning Sophie, the model seen enjoying boozy lunch with Prince William at exclusive ski resort Verbier Arriving in style! Singer Justin Bieber rocks edgy Pink Floyd T-shirt as he steps off a private jet in Sydney ahead of concert in the Australian city 'If I'm going to be naked, I need to be drinking': Stassi Schroeder calls for champagne before stripping off on Vanderpump Rules Reboot of The Matrix is 'in the works with potential interest in Michael B. Jordan to star' Warner Bros. is said to be in the early stages The topless model, dad dancing and 'Jagerbombs'... How Prince William's lads' weekend sees him step into yet another minefield Justin Bieber fans cause transport chaos in Sydney as 75,000 Beliebers head to ANZ stadium just as rush hour workers are trying to get home  Angelina Jolie and son Maddox have private tour of Buckingham Palace... hours after actress gave talk to students at London School of Economics Trump's lawyer calls out Snoop Dogg's 'disgraceful' music video in which a Trump-like clown is assassinated  Controversial scene  EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton blasts 'disgusting' ex-lover for peddling 'REVENGE PORN' sex tape recorded without her consent Ben Affleck reveals he's completed secret stint in rehab to treat alcohol abuse and thanks 'co-parent' Jennifer Garner for her support 'Go out, you're with Prince William!': What boyfriend of Australian model who partied with the prince told her as he gave his blessing for wild night New couple! Billions star Malin Akerman and British actor Jack Donnelly make public debut together in Puerto Rico Loved-up pair  Let Me Love You! Thrilled Imogen Anthony cosies up to Justin Bieber in selfie... but pop star looks underwhelmed Shared a throwback  Jennifer Garner indulges in some beach time with girlfriends during weekend trip to Mexico... after Ben Affleck's stint in rehab Wanted some downtime  Prince William caught on camera showing off his 'dad dancing' moves in Swiss nightclub... just hours after his boozy lunch with topless blonde model 'May we forever look at one another like this': Khloe Kardashian posts sweet birthday message to Tristan Thompson after throwing him lavish party Face off! Cate Blanchett cuts a stylish figure in a classic black dress as she joins The Present co-star Richard Roxburgh at their caricature unveiling  The right stuff! New Kids On The Block debut first new song in four years with seductive One More Night music video They are still heartthrobs Dancing with the star! Maddie Ziegler busts a move with Mario Lopez during Extra interview The former Dance Moms reality star was promoting her memoir Today's headlines Most Read Inching towards nuclear war? It's terrifying. North Korea's use of missiles threatens a new global... Now White House says Obama might have asked BRITISH spies to give him transcripts of Trump's calls - earning... Trump is lobbied by Irish prime minister to let country's 50,000 illegal immigrants in U.S stand in the... Florida prosecutor removed from high profile cop-killing case by Governor Rick Scott after she publicly said... Two Secret Service agents being investigated for 'taking selfies with Donald Trump's eight-year-old grandson... Sean Hannity 'pulled a GUN on liberal commentator Juan Williams and even aimed the red laser sight at his... How YOU can stay safe from Russian hackers: Experts reveal the simple rules  to safeguard email accounts Google's Home smart speaker under fire for playing Beauty and the Beast promos (but firm says its not an ad,... EXCLUSIVE: The hits keep coming for Tori Spelling as bank files for default judgment against her for... US officials insist Navy SEAL raid in Yemen was not leaked in advance though they admit the terrorists were... Fetanyl is one of the most dangerous drugs in the world, UN declares as it adds the opioid to list of... EXCLUSIVE: Inside Carrie Fisher's quirky Beverly Hills mansion... which may be turned into a museum USA Gymnastics president resigns amid claims he ignored concerns about team doctor who 'sexually abused... Snow vacation for her! Malia heads to work in icy New York City after her father heads off to $2,000-a-night... The mysterious machine that means ONLY Apple can fix some parts of an iPhone: Calibration gadget in every... 'Next time it's going to be fire': African American family forced to flee small Minnesota town after thugs... Kansas basketball star tipped for March Madness glory is accused of threatening to 'beat' a player on the... 'London Bridge is down': Secret code UK civil servants will use before the public is told the Queen is dead... How cheddar and cream cheese could give you breast cancer: Eating too much can raise the risk by 50%  Incredible moment a 'kidnapped' woman jumps from the trunk of a moving car to escape 'attacker who snatched... Super humans who are sexier, stronger and smarter will arrive by 2029 as brains begin to fuse with machines,... Astonishing bystander footage captures Good Samaritan about to shoot and kill man who was beating up cop in... Christian pastor discovers a giant 706-carat diamond in Sierra Leone which could be the 10th largest EVER... Teenager, 14, finds 7.44 carat diamond in an Arkansas state park - the seventh largest ever found in the... Trump supporting Oklahoma senator surrenders on child prostitution charges after he was found in a motel... Teenager who starved to death 'after being neglected by her adoptive parents' was found wearing an adult... Sean Spicer spends an excruciating 16 minutes answering whether there is ANY evidence Trump was bugged by... Trump makes condolence call to fiancé of woman killed 'by undocumented driver' in crash after he appears on... McHack attack: McDonald's blames compromised Twitter account after firing off insulting tweet at Donald... MORE HEADLINES The hottest ticket in town! Justin Trudeau's beaming No.1 fan Ivanka Trump skips her dad's rally to watch Canadian prime minister speak on Broadway as his special guest  Would-be cop is charged after he 'admitted raping a drunk woman while she was passed out and videotaping her naked' during his interview to become a police officer The America First budget: Trump wants $1.5 BILLION for the wall and cash for the military but will slash foreign aid and eliminate funding for PBS and NPR 'Not my president': What congressman claims VA hospital employee told him when he went to hang Trump's portrait in empty area vacated by Obama's 'It was an accident you dumba**es': New York woman goes nuts after being filmed following a car crash into a gas station Married leader of Trump's Oklahoma primary campaign is facing prostitution charges after he was found in a Super 8 motel room with a teenage boy MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Religion Life after a sex cult: 'If I’m not a member of this religion any more, then who am I?' Michael Young grew up immersed in the Children of God church, which was labelled as a sect by the FBI and dogged by child abuse allegations Michael Young and his family. Young was unaware that his parents’ church was labeled as a sect by the FBI . Photograph: Michael Young Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Sophia Tewa Saturday 11 March 2017 04.00 EST Last modified on Saturday 11 March 2017 16.07 EST Of his eight siblings, Michael Young was the most zealous street missionary. As a child growing up in Monterrey, Mexico, he preached up to 10 hours a day, three to four days each week. He spoke to strangers on the streets and often went door-to-door. He’d ask them, in broken Spanish, if they wished to go to heaven. If they said yes, he would pray for them. If they said no, he would ask for at least a donation to The Family International, a church formerly known as the sex cult The Children of God. Young’s parents, devout American missionaries who moved to Mexico in 1998, told him that such work was his destiny and duty. The alternative was an afterlife spent in the slums of heaven, a place only slightly better than hell. When he was eight years old, in 2000, Young’s family moved to Texas and started their missionary work anew in mini-malls and Walmart parking lots, handing out theological tracts about the imminent apocalypse that would soon wipe out the unbelievers. Queer Muslim women from the south: 'We exist and we’re fierce' Read more Young says he was happy. “I was spiritual in a way that was kind of very obsessive and very determined,” he says. But Young was unaware that his parents’ church was labelled as a sect by the FBI and hounded by child abuse allegations. In a 1974 report, The New York attorney general’s office had also called the Children of God a “cult”. The group’s practices drew investigations from the FBI and Interpol, which were on the hunt for its leader, David Berg. One anonymous informant spoke of rape, incarceration, kidnapping and incest inside the group. The investigations ended in 1994, with Berg’s death. But in 2009, the organization started to crumble. The church disintegrated and Young was suddenly forced to forge himself a new life, along with thousands of other isolated missionaries who had to assimilate into a society that they had long rejected. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Michael Young: ‘I was spiritual in a way that was kind of very obsessive.’ Photograph: Michael Young The Children of God started in 1968 as a small group of runaway teens and hippies who, under the direction of Berg, a charismatic evangelical preacher, devoted themselves to the worship of Jesus Christ and promiscuous sex, according to the New York attorney general’s office. The report documented Berg’s proclivity for incest and witnesses testified that child rape was used as an excuse to “increase the tribe”, leading to many pregnancies in various communes. “A 14-year-old runaway who spent nine days at a COG commune testified that she was raped and because of her refusal to cooperate with the elders, was held in solitary confinement on no less than three separate occasions,” the report states. The late actor River Phoenix, who grew up in the Children of God, told Details Magazine in 1991 that he was four when he first had sex while in the group. Young says he never personally experienced sexual abuse from members of the church, but witnessed it. “It definitely wasn’t a safe place to grow up, especially if you were a girl,” he says. “Close friends of mine growing up were abused and raped.” Berg’s philosophy, which he called the Law of Love, was a blend of Christian dogma and the free love ideals of the 1960s’ sexual revolution. To recruit new converts, he advocated that women of the church proposition men, which Berg’s daughter Deborah Davis described in her autobiography, The Children of God: The Inside Story, as a “world-wide prostitution network” that brought “dad unwanted publicity and attention from the law”. “The Law of Love is a doctrine that’s meant to justify and conceal sexual exploitation,” Young says. “It’s made to make other people feel obligated to give up their bodies to others’ so-called sexual needs. That your body is not your own –you’re supposed to give it up to God.” Berg, with his long white beard and apocalyptic visions, saw himself as the last prophet before Armageddon. His message was relatively simple, if not terribly original: God would soon be returning to Earth to hand down judgment. To avoid His wrath, Berg advised his followers, they should live an austere life and abandon all their possessions. And they did. David Berg. Photograph: Children of God archive The New York attorney general found an estimated 120 Children of God communes in 1974, many of whose members were required to surrender their personal belongings and money to leaders of local homes. More than three decades later, in 2006, there were over 1,400 communes in more than 100 countries, according to the group. Berg discouraged members from working and sending their children to school, according to interviews with 10 former members who were born in the group. The Children of God were to eschew the world. Members lived in large communes, typically with four or five families under one roof, as they waited for the impending apocalypse. The Children of God had communes in small and big cities as dispersed as Staten Island, Tucson and Coachella, the report shows. It recruited among disgruntled teenagers from school dropouts to draft dodgers, who would end up giving all their money to the group. Berg renamed his movement the Family of Love shortly after the mass suicide at Jonestown in 1978, which brought negative media attention to other fringe Christian sects. In 2004, the Family changed its name again to the Family International. “We were always fundraising for cash, using that cash to pay rent and then fundraising the next month so there was a lot of anxiety,” Young recalls. “We didn’t buy food from the grocery store, it was usually donated.” He’d spend much of his time teaching Bible courses and “the New Testament, where there would be the signs of the times and Jesus was coming back at the end of them”. But the apocalypse would never happen. ••• In 1993, allegations of sexual abuse finally caught up with Berg. Interpol launched an investigation into Berg’s activities in Argentina and, according to documents obtained by the Guardian through a Freedom of Information Act request, the FBI was investigating him as well. Berg was on the run. He fled to Portugal, where he died in 1994. Karen Zerby, Berg’s widow, assumed leadership of the group, along with her new husband, Steve Kelly. Faced with growing disillusionment among members, Zerby and Kelly decided it was time for a change. In February 2009, they made the surprise announcement that the world would not be ending after all, at least not imminently. “It looks like they were just trying to stem the flow of members out of the movement,” says Laura Vance, a sociology professor at Warren Wilson College who studies the Family and other new religious movements. “They went in the direction of stricter enforcement of the rules first, and then when that didn’t work, within a few years, they went in the opposite direction.” In a series of letters to their followers, the two leaders admitted they really couldn’t be sure when Jesus would return, and that the Lord showed them that they needed to “set goals up to 30 years or even farther into the future”. According to Family materials, they told their followers that if Jesus wasn’t going to come earlier to take them to heaven, they needed to worry about financing the care of aged Family members and the future of their children. “The whole cult was built on the theory that the antichrist was coming so you didn’t have to save for retirement. You didn’t know how long you were going to live so nobody looked ahead,” says Angel Yamaguchi, a former member who was born in the group and left at the end of 2009. “They’ve left a bunch of people that they’ve damaged struggling to try and cope and find out ‘how do I move on?’” Over the next year, Zerby and Kelly told Family members that they weren’t required to live in communes or devote themselves entirely to the organization. Members were free to enroll their children in school or to find regular jobs, which had previously been known as “system jobs” held by “systemites”. They could seek relationships with nonbelievers, an activity they’d been told for decades was reprehensible. The proclamation came to be known as “the Reboot”. Zerby and Kelly framed it in terms of giving the group a fresh start. But to many members, it was devastating. “All of a sudden, we started thinking about the tomorrow,” says one missionary member who asked to be identified as Clara. When contacted by phone, she said she was trying to distance herself from the group and would only speak on condition of anonymity. Clara panicked when she realized that after two decades in the Family, she was ill-prepared to lead a normal life with her husband and four children. “Now I feel like I’ve wasted a lot of my life. I don’t regret our missionary work but I regret not having a proper education and being so restricted with what we chose to do with our lives.” The Family’s 15,000 members were free from the oppressive rules that dictated their lives. Communes were disbanded as dazed members began planning for the future, something completely foreign to Family members who grew up in isolation and thought that they’d never reach adulthood (because the world would end long before their 21st birthday). That was four years ago. Today, they’re adjusting to society and letting go of the strange beliefs that had dictated their lives since birth. “They started giving us more freedom to think about things and maybe ask questions without just trying to force ourselves to believe things,” Young says. ••• In a series of phone conversations, Young told me how he struggled to leave the group. He said he grew disillusioned with the Family after the Reboot but he didn’t immediately turn away from the church. He studied the Bible from cover to cover in search of God’s meaning. “I was definitely still working through what I was supposed to do and why did I leave. And should I have left? And is Jesus real?” he says. “I was pretty freaked out and I had panic attacks where I thought I’m going to hell.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Michael Young: ‘I had panic attacks where I thought I’m going to hell.’ Photograph: Michael Young He couldn’t find a job, with no experience other than missionary work. But he was good at making balloons for kids and blew them up in restaurants in exchange for tips. Once, a hostess asked him out on a date at work. She bought a balloon, gave him a kiss and her number. They went home to her roommates and talked about video games and TV shows. “I was just paralyzed with not knowing how to say anything and just sitting around being weird,” Michael recalls. “I liked her a lot and I was really devastated because she never called me back after that.” Dr Marlene Winell, a psychologist who studies religious indoctrination, says it can take a long time for former members of cults or extreme religious groups to feel comfortable in their new reality. “It’s a common thing to feel like you have to adjust to the secular world because there are so many expectations and behavior patterns that you’re not familiar with,” says Winell. She says it can take them a long time to leave those groups, especially if they were born into them. “They also are reconstructing who they are. If I’m not a cult member or a member of this religion, then who am I?” More than a year and a half after leaving the Family, Young joined a community college honors program, which helped students get scholarships and transfer to a four-year college. “That was the first time that I felt like I had friends. We talked about art, music, dancing,” he says. “I felt instantly like I belonged with these people.” After the Reboot, many former missionaries landed where the movement originated four decades earlier. Clusters of the Family appeared in places like Houston, Texas, and San Diego, California, according to interviews with former members. ••• Some younger members, like Martin Merour, 28, have kept one foot in the Family. Merour was very candid about his life in the Family and their unconventional beliefs. His family had sometimes discussed the Law of Love, Merour said by phone, and read some of the literature on the subject, but people mostly kept their sex lives private. “Because they’re not living communally, there are not as many opportunities to engage in sexual sharing,” says Vance. “So, in practice, it’s rare but it certainly is still allowed.” Martin spent most of his childhood on the outskirts of the Niger Delta in Port Harcourt, Nigeria, where his French and German parents moved in 1997 to preach Berg’s gospel to the locals. The Reboot didn’t seem to affect the Merours who were far removed in the mission field. They stayed in Nigeria and continued on with their work. But most communes collapsed. Kansas town reels months after foiled mosque bombing: 'I'm still scared' Read more “It was a bit disconcerting seeing that other branches were closing down or other people, even friends, were deciding that perhaps the missionary work was no longer for them,” he says. “You’re wondering if you’re going to be the only one left for a while.” Today, the Family counts only about 2,500 members in some 80 countries. In 2015, Martin moved to Berlin, Germany, discovering life outside the missionary world. He enrolled in a soccer club and went to school to learn German. Still a proud Family member, he sends a donation every month to the Family and remains fond of his childhood years in Nigeria. But he doesn’t know if he’ll go back to mission work anytime soon. “Ultimately, I still want to serve the Lord,” he says. “I’m just not sure how.” For Young, who recently started his master’s degree at Penn State University, there is nothing about the old days of the Family to be nostalgic about. “What I worried about the most when I left was, will I ever find friends, a girlfriend, fit in, a place where I belong,” he says. “I found people I connected with once I found people who shared my values and goals, rather than trying to fit in.” Topics Religion Family Parents and parenting features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Religion Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Thursday, March 16, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Gamechanger Game Changer: Dr. John Agwunobi Gamechanger Gamechanger of the Day Game Changer: Dr. John Agwunobi By Politic365 Staff - 2:55pm May 2, 2013 1057 3 SHARE Facebook Twitter Name: Dr. John Agwunobi Title: Senior Vice President and Professional Services Division President Organization: Wal-Mart Stores What Makes This Person a Game Changer: After serving as the United States’ twelfth Assistant Secretary for Health under the George W. Bush Administration, in 2007 four-star admiral Dr. John Agwunobi became the Wal-Mart Stores Division’s senior vice president and professional services division president. In his current role at the world’s leading retailer, Dr. Agwunobi oversees the pharmacies, vision centers and health care clinics. Prior to his role as Assistant Secretary for Health, Dr. Agwunobi served as the Florida Secretary of Health and State Health Officer for four years, where he led the nation’s first response to the anthrax attack and created a crisis communications plan to battle a potential bioterrorism attack. While in Florida he also addressed the growing obesity epidemic and racial and ethnic health disparities. He also responded to the rampant West Nile Virus and SARS, among other things. Dr. Agwunobi has also worked as a pediatrician, where he primarily served underserved patients. He has won several awards throughout his career including Public Administrator of the Year, APHA Public Health Hero Citation, and Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters. Dr. Agwunobi has also held several leadership positions, such as Chair of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Advisory Committee to the Director, and on the Board of Directors of the National Quality Forum—an advisory group formed at the recommendation of the President’s Advisory Commission on Consumer Protection and Quality in the Health Care Industry. TAGS headline SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleWhy Americans Shouldn’t Expect the Worst, Even In Times of Terror Next articleShe-Geeks: The New Age of Women and Girls in STEM Politic365 Staff The staff of Politic365. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Gamechanger ‘While I Have Your Attention’: The Strength & Character of Lucille O’Neal Gamechanger Repost: Mignon’s Greatest Hits Culture Cory Booker And The Future of Congress 3 COMMENTS Emmanuel 8:10pm July 29, 2013 at 8:10 pm So proud of Dr. Agwunobi and all his accomplishments. He’s a true testament to the fact that hard work and dedication at whatever point in your life surely pays off. And I (like him) am naija (Nigerian) raised but practicing in North America. Reply z filets select 2:41pm October 14, 2014 at 2:41 pm Hello, after reading this awesome paragraph i am as well cheerful to share my familiarity here with friends. Reply Augusto de Arruda Botelho 12:46am March 11, 2017 at 12:46 am Oh my goodness! Impressive article dude! Many thanks, However I am having issues with your RSS. I don’t understand the reason why I can’t subscribe to it. Is there anybody having identical RSS problems? Anyone that knows the answer can you kindly respond? Thanx!! Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks Florida Worker Sues to Block Governor’s Drug Tests Bill Edmonds - 1:00pm June 3, 2011 Will Latina Voices Be Heard on Election Day? Guest Contributor - 1:05pm October 27, 2014 Boehner et al. Evading Progress, Relitigating Issues of the Past Charles Ellison - 2:00pm November 9, 2010 AUDIOTRIP: In DC, a Cultural Event of Many Dimensions ebonyjet - 9:44am June 11, 2010 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS CBC Members to Meet with Trump on March 22 1:55pm March 16, 2017 “What Do You Have to Lose?” Trump Budget Features Big Urban... 12:01am March 16, 2017 Digital Gatekeepers and the Free Markets 7:43pm March 15, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2240 Politics1995 National1937 News1252 Culture1024 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Rams Blues Colleges High Schools High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Local Ads Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Place Ad Crime March 10, 2017 10:22 PM Two Georgia men plead guilty in Southern Illinois to gift card fraud By Dana Rieck drieck@bnd.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Samirahdam E. Rolley, of Stone Mountain, Ga., pleaded guilty Thursday to two counts of credit card fraud and one count of aggravated identity theft in federal court in East St. Louis. A release from Donald Boyce, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, stated Rolley’s co-defendant Michael A. Gordon, also of Stone Mountain, pleaded guilty to the same charges at the end of February. During three days in June 2015, the two took to several Walmarts across the metro-east with gift cards that had been re-encoded with stolen debit card numbers. Some of those account numbers belonged to Southern Illinois residents who bank at a local credit union. Rolley and Gordon made purchases at stores in Cahokia, O’Fallon, Belleville, Highland, Wood River, Collinsville, Glen Carbon, Godfrey, Jerseyville, Waterloo and Carlyle. “The purchases made by Rolley and Gordon were debited to the bank accounts of the victims whose debit account numbers had been embedded on the gift cards,” the release stated. Both defendants are scheduled to be sentenced June 23. They face up to 10 years in prison, $250,000 in fines, restitution and three years of supervised release. The aggravated identity theft charge, the release stated, carries a mandatory two-year prison sentence to be served consecutively with any other prison sentence imposed. The FBI’s Springfield Division, Fairview Heights Resident Agency led the investigation. Several agencies assisted, including Carlyle, Collinsville, Glen Carbon, Jerseyville, Waterloo and Wood River police departments, Madison County Sheriff’s Department and Walmart’s Global Security Department. Dana Rieck: 618-239-2642, @ByDanaRieck Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you Comments Videos Crime Man pleads guilty in fatal DUI that killed woman in front of her kids Man sentenced for assaulting fellow inmate with a combination lock inside a sock Two Georgia men plead guilty in Southern Illinois to gift card fraud Carbondale police searching for armed and dangerous shooting suspect Man charged with murder allegedly tells police his brother told him to stab him Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 46° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 50° F Lo: 37° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Featured: Heroin at Home Latest Headlines Police: Fairview man arrested for trying to meet teen at hotel for sex Updated: 7 mins ago Shawn Buford was taken into custody during a prostitution sting at an unnamed Franklin hotel. Nashville Mayor, police chief say body cameras are a top priority Updated: 51 mins ago Police Chief Steve Anderson is asking the mayor for a large sum of money to fund his operating and capital budget. Father, son share heartbreaking story of heroin’s effect on family 6:53 pm Could a new multi-purpose event center be headed to downtown Clarksville? 6:08 pm 10-year-old plays trumpet with MTSU band at NCAA tournament Updated: 32 mins ago Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 46° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 42° F Wind: ESE 8 Humidity: 33% Dewpoint: 18° F Sunrise: 6:55 AM Sunset: 6:55 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Latest Headlines Vandy player Nolan Cressler interviews teammate Luke Kornet for News 2 4:14 pm Seniors Nolan Cressler and Luke Kornet had a bit of fun before the game as Cressler turned into a reporter. Upshaw finishes MTSU career in style 2:54 pm The senior from Chattanooga is embracing the moment in Milwaukee as MTSU prepares for fifth seeded Minnesota in Round One. Free steaks for 15K students if N. Kentucky tops Kentucky 2:30 am MTSU embraces new role in NCAA Tournament 3:11 am How far will Kentucky advance in the NCAA Tournament? March 15, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 46° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 50° F Lo: 37° F Police: Man seriously burned while huffing when aerosol ignites By Andy Cordan Published: March 10, 2017, 5:46 pm Updated: March 10, 2017, 7:02 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Brandon Gibson (Courtesy: Ashland City Police Department) ASHLAND CITY, Tenn. (WKRN) – An Ashland City man is in the hospital with serious burns after police say the cleaning product he was huffing ignited. Brandon Gibson is accused of stealing the product from Walmart and going right behind the store to huff the chemicals when the accident happened. News 2 did some digging and discovered that Gibson’s arrest record with the TBI is more than 20 pages long. His extensive criminal history includes multiple theft charges and unlawful huffing, and that’s exactly what Ashland City police say happened Thursday night. This time, the product was Ultra Duster, an all-purpose cleaning product that is toxic and sold in aerosol cans. Somehow the product ignited and Gibson suffered a burn so severe to his hands we can’t even show you the pictures. He was rushed to Vanderbilt University Medical Center where he remains in the burn unit. He was last listed as critical but stable. (Photo: WKRN) Dr. Corey Slovis, Medical Director of the Nashville Fire Department, told News 2 that cases of huffing are declining because even abusers realize how dangerous it is. “The way some people have burns, they are smoking a cigarette or they are near a flame and it just combusts. It’s like gas at a fire,” he explained. “They use a solvent, paint thinner, spray paint, gasoline, put it in a paper bag and breathe in and out and huff it,” Dr. Slovis continued. He told News 2 that inhaling hydrocarbons leads to the feeling of euphoria, but it also destroys brain cells. According to Metro arrest affidavits, Gibson has multiple arrests for huffing. Brandon Gibson (Courtesy: Metro Nashville Police Department) In one instance, he was found unconscious in the woman’s room at a restaurant on 21st Avenue. In 2015, he was being treated at a local hospital for huffing. While there, he asked to go to the bathroom and was caught huffing aerosols he smuggled in his clothes in the hospital restroom. “The big picture in health care is how many diseases, complaints are based on the abuse of things not good for you,” Dr. Slovis told News 2. “Drinking and driving, using drugs, using solvents… It is a huge burden on society, and a huge burden police, fire and EMS,” he added. Gibson faces a long rehab and more charges when he gets out of the burn unit. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Man accused of claiming to be Metro officer, shoplifting in Ashland City Reward offered for whereabouts of suspected Lowe’s thief Fake motion picture money back again in Middle Tennessee TBI: Nashville firefighter shot by deputies in Cheatham County Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram This Thursday, News 2 explores Heroin at Home Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close menu Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Memphis Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Entertainment Education Sports Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Praise Blogs ATL Blog George Curry Julianne Malveaux Roz Edward Video Photos Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Memphis Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Entertainment Education Sports Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Praise Blogs ATL Blog George Curry Julianne Malveaux Roz Edward Video Photos Community Home > Community Where are the Black middle class?… Part 2 …Lifestyles Report Debbie Norrell, Courier Lifestyles Editor Leave a comment 22 reads DEBBIE NORRELL Last week, in the saga of the Black middle class,  the begging question was where are they in Pittsburgh? In a social media exchange, a few stated that there is not a Black middle class neighborhood in Pittsburgh and some even went as far as saying that there is not a Black middle class in Pittsburgh. Well, contrary to what some believe there is a Black middle class in Pittsburgh. They don’t all live in one neighborhood or on one street, they are spread out throughout the city of Pittsburgh and the surrounding areas. Isn’t that something that we fought so hard for? To be able to live where we want to live, as long as we have the money. When someone comes to Pittsburgh from out of town, “the code” can be a little hard to crack. First things first, if you are moving here, 99 percent of the time you are moving here as a professional, not to be a greeter at Walmart, so your primary contacts are going to be White. The realtor will steer you to areas that will have the best resale value because you probably will not be making Pittsburgh your home. Here is where groups like the North Hills Ebony Women and BASH (Black Association of South Hills) come in. For years,  they have embraced Blacks that move into predominately White neighborhoods. If one is a member of the Kappas, Ques, Alphas, AKA’s or Deltas, then you have a brotherhood or sisterhood to help you. Perhaps you will even find a church where you will be embraced, and someone will show you the ins and outs of “Black middle class Pittsburgh.” 1 2Next page » Also On Atlanta Daily World: comments – Add Yours DIGITAL EDITION! Trending Butt Shots Gone Bad: A Gallery of Deformed Booties Meet the father of Tika Sumpter’s unborn child (photos) Rasheeda and Kirk Frost fired from ‘Love and Hip Hop Atlanta’ Meagan Good’s ex-lovers and boyfriends Fetty Wap reveals how he lost his eye, where he gets his hair extensions Delonte West Confirms He Slept With LeBron James’ Mother? Get Informed! × Sign Up Now For The Atlanta Daily World Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Follow Us! Follow Us! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Sections News Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Police: Man had sex with teen girl in Luzerne County Wal-Mart High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Most Read Recent Comments Man in critical condition after being run over by plow More snow in forecast for area Help on way to Scranton's snowbound residents Relief for Northeast Pennsylvania, thanks to disaster declaration PIAA BASKETBALL: Games involving Lackawanna League teams rescheduled to Friday Blizzard of '17 sets new snowfall mark Storm notices and closings Working through the storm Scranton police Cpl. Richard Bachman was heading toward police headquarters Wednesday morning when he noticed an elderly man struggling to free his car from a snowbank on South Washington Avenue. (read more) Dealerships digging out ahead of expected sales At Gibbons Ford in Dickson City, it was all hands on deck. (read more) Dispatches from the blizzard of '17 Spring is only six days away. After Tuesday, it can’t come soon enough. (read more) Photos: Day After The Blizzard of 2017 Photos: Blizzard of 2017 Snowfall triggers avalanches in Luzerne and Wyoming counties Tuesday’s blizzard triggered at least three avalanches in Luzerne and Wyoming counties. One trapped a motorist on Coxton Road in Duryea. (read more) Chris Kelly: Storm stings as advertised Tuesday was a day for closed systems. Schools, courts, government, public transportation, businesses, charities and libraries went dark in Stella’s long shadow. (read more) Weekend Times ‘Cinderella’ Transformed, Mickey Gannon’s, ‘Stomp’, Time Warp: Heavy-metal band Cinderella & More. (read more) - Jacob Seibel / Published: March 13, 2014 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Geiger Recent crimes and emergencies Four jurors selected for Frein trial One injured in fire, dug-out hydrant helped speed response Five jurors selected for Frein trial Fire chief: Snow removal at hydrants slow process Storm sets new NEPA snowfall mark More snow in forecast for area Blizzard of '17 sets new snowfall mark A Hanover Township man faces sexual assault charges after he had sex with a 14-year-old girl in the maintenance area of the Wilkes-Barre Township Wal-Mart. Police charged Zachary J. Geiger, 20, of rear 276 Lee Park Ave., after he filed a harassment report against the girl, who said she was pregnant with his child. Geiger told police the girl was 15, but that she told him she was 18, the affidavit said. He told police that after he had sex with the girl, she wouldn't stop contacting him on Facebook, where they met in January, saying she was pregnant. He also told police they had sex at his home, police said. Police interviewed the girl and learned that Geiger lied about where he and the girl had sex and the girl's age, the affidavit said. Geiger is jailed at the Luzerne County Correctional Facility, unable to post $10,000 bail set by Magisterial District Judge Michael Dotzel. His preliminary hearing is scheduled for 1 p.m. on March 19. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
The Spoof News Spoof news homepage ☰ Spoof NewsNews US HeadlinesUS UK HeadlinesUK World NewsWorld EntertainmentGossip Science & TechSci Tech SportSport BusinessBusiness Magazine ☰ Spoof XtraMore Spoof news archive On this day Snippets Jokes Fake Celebrity Diaries Discussion forum ☰ WritersWriters Top writers chart Writer search A-Z of writers Become a writer Search🔍   Town Suspicious Of Man's Fancy Shirt Written by Huntley Brinkley Topics: Americans, clothing Friday, 10 March 2017 Steven Hoey and the shirt in question DEVILS LAKE, ND - Reporting flagrant use of paisley and too many colors, residents of this quiet resort town have raised alarm at the bold fashion statement made by recent transplant Steven Hoey, seen last night wearing the flamboyant shirt. Local woman Leslie Linquist remarked "Some guys I know might wear stripes or plaid when they dress up, and I've even noticed a few floral prints," referring to the more familiar styles donned by most of the community's male population, "But this dude done took it to a whole nuther level." "He definitely did not buy that shirt anywhere around here," confirmed Wal-Mart Manager Eric Lawson. "You wouldn't find clothes like that on any of our shelves. And don't forget to check out our clearance aisle today, up to 75% off." Some are concerned that Hoey's wardrobe has become radicalized. "That garment was not made in America. You can tell by the extremist needlework," cautioned fabric expert Adele Mikkelson. Ranch Steakhouse owner Joel Elvrum described Mr. Hoey as "kind of quiet, you know, keeps to himself. So it was shocking when he walked into the bar dressed like that. And then he just orders a beer like nothing happened." Sources at city hall revealed that officials are calling for a "total and complete shutdown of men's casual designer shirts…until we can figure out what the hell is going on." At press time, however, Hoey is unrelenting. He says "If they think that shirt was scary, wait till they see my red silk number with the embroidered dragon on it." Make Huntley Brinkley's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register, the thumbs are just down there!) The story above is a satire or parody. It is entirely fictitious. Do you dream of being a comedy news writer? Click here to be a writer! Follow @thespoof RSS Follow us on Twitter Related Stories... The American Dream Is Now The American Reality TV Show 02 November 16 Hillary Clinton To Make Direct Appeal To Less-Educated, White, Male Voters 13 October 16 Americans Embarrassed By Trump Won't Travel Abroad 11 September 16 Clothes Bureau Messes with Neat Freak 12 May 16 Trump's Fight to Protect American soil - and Personal Space 05 May 16 Hulk Hogan Settles Gawker Lawsuit For Lifetime Supply Of Rippable Clothing 04 May 16 US Citizens Embarassed By Donald Trump Pose As Canadians When Abroad 15 March 16 U.S. Citizens To Be Used As Anti-Terrorist Sentries Around Europe 23 August 15 Mailing List Get Spoof News in your email inbox! Email: What's 2 plus 5? 5 22 9 7 Shared Pick Read Rated Can't decide? Get a random spoof news story! You are here: Spoof News / US Headlines / Town Suspicious Of Man's Fancy Shirt Discussion Forum Become a writer! 67 readers are online right now! email password Go to top Spoof news US Headlines World News Entertainment Science & Tech Sport Business Magazine   UK News Visit TheSpoof UK Spoof Xtra Snippets Jokes Fake celebrity diaries Caption competition More funny sites Get spoof news emails RSS Feeds Discussion forum Our writers Top writers chart Featured writer: Catchthisdrift Become a spoof writer Writer search A-Z of writers Writers login   Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Archive Search The Spoof Spoof news archive On this day Hot spoof news Random story About About The Spoof Site map Copyright © 2017 Spoof Media Ltd. All items on this website are fictitious. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental or is intended purely as a satire, parody or spoof. Please see our terms and conditions and disclaimer. We use cookies to give you the best experience, this includes cookies from third party websites and advertisers. ✔ Continue ? Find out more
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Ahead of the Crowd Your Portfolio Could Look Better With E.l.f. Beauty The recent IPO sells cosmetics for less than big brands, and shares could easily rise 25% in the next year. By Jack Hough Biography March 10, 2017 3:07 p.m. ET This week Barron’s argued that shares of SnapChat parent Snap (ticker: SNAP) looked “ridiculously valued” following their initial public offering and could fall 50%. They’ve since slid from $27 to under $23. Like Snap, E.l.f. Beauty (ELF), hereafter Elf, is a recent IPO whose shares have soared and whose users skew young. But the similarities end there. Unlike Snap, Elf is profitable. And it looks like the “fast fashion of beauty,” as Cowen & Company analyst Oliver Chen put it in a Thursday report. In other words,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Celgene Shows Savvy as Gilead Keeps Backsliding Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Apple’s AirPods Could Be Pioneering a Whole New Product Category Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Apple: It’s No Longer About the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Fed Signals to Investors It’s Safe to Buy Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Do This Before You Sign Up for a 401(k) 2 The Case Against a Savings Account 3 Why a Credit Union Is Better Than a Bank Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Analysis shows hidden snags in school property tax elimination bill State Sen. David G. Argall, R-29, left, poses a question during a bipartisan roundtable discussion on school tax reform held at the state Capitol in Harrisburg. Digital First Media File PHoto By Evan Brandt, ebrandt@21st-centurymedia.com, @PottstownNews on Twitter Posted: 03/11/17, 6:12 PM EST | Updated: 4 days ago # Comments State Sen. David Argall, R-29 LOWER POTTSGROVE >> Most polls show voters in favor of any effort in Harrisburg to enact property tax reform, or eliminate them completely. With legislators once again raising the hope it will be adopted this session, Pottsgrove School District officials putting together another budget took the time to see what that would look like had last year’s school tax elimination bill been adopted. And what they found is that there are indeed lots of devils in those details. “A lot of people hear ‘property tax elimination’ and they think ‘boom,’ their bill goes away, they save a lot of money and that’s it,” Pottsgrove Business Manager David Nester told the board Tuesday. Advertisement “But it’s not that simple,” he said. State Sen. David Argall, R-29, of Schuylkill County, has proposed the same bill that failed by one vote last year, saying some changes in the makeup of the state Senate after the November election give him the votes he needs to get it passed. The first thing people should know, Nester said, is that school property taxes would not be eliminated completely at first. Under Argall’s bill, as much property tax as is necessary to pay down existing debts would remain until it was all paid. In Pottsgrove’s case, the annual debt payments add up to about $5 million, or 8 percent of the proposed $66.4 million budget for 2017-2018. That means about 15 to 20 percent of the current school property tax levy would remain, said Nester, along with the municipal and county property tax levies, which are a much smaller proportion of property taxes and not affected by Argall’s proposal. As for new debt, like that needed for school renovations or major building projects, that would have to be approved by voters in the spring, should the tax reform bill be adopted. “And we all know no one is going to vote themselves a tax increase,” at least not for the first few years, observed board member Ashley Custer. That means any construction or capital projects at the schools could only be undertaken with whatever cash the district has on hand, Nester said — which is one reason he has been advocating for putting surpluses into the district’s capital budget fund. Argall’s proposal also has the potential to lock in the funding disparity between rich and poor school districts with the difference being that instead of wealthy districts funding their own higher spending through their property taxes, the entire state would be paying for it under the “dollar-for-dollar” replacement provisions of the bill, according to Nester’s analysis. An Associated Press analysis of state data found that more than 70 percent of school property taxes were collected by the wealthiest half of school districts in 2014-15. That means that a wealthy district like Lower Merion, which funds a higher level of spending mostly out of its own property tax pockets, would instead enjoy the same level of spending but now at the expense of all personal income taxpayers in Pennsylvania. And none too soon, given that the high commercial and industrial property tax revenues on which districts like Lower Merion and Spring-Ford depend would be gone. “No more King of Prussia Mall, no more Glaxo, Merck or Wal-Mart paying the bills,” said Nester. To make up for what the Associated Press calls a $14 billion tax shift from property owners and businesses to Pennsylvania consumers and workers, the state’s personal income tax rate would be hiked from 3.07 percent — one of the lowest in the nation — to 4.95 percent. Additionally, the state’s sales tax would be increased from 6 to 7 percent and more things, including food and clothing, would be subject to the tax. This is where the question of who benefits and who doesn’t from the change gets murky, said Nester. “A lot will depend on your spending habits and it will be hard to track, because it’s a little more here, a little more there,” said Nester. One thing that is clear is that retirees who own their homes and whose primary income is pension and social security, will join property owning businesses as the clear winners in this tax shift, according to Nester’s analysis. On the other hand, residents of poorer districts — like Pottstown and Reading — would see little or no change in the gap between wealthy districts and poor ones under this plan, absent a decision by the Legislature to increase state funding to those districts under the fair funding formula, Nester said. In fact, he said, the Reading School District has so much debt that it would keep almost its entire property tax levy in place on top of its residents paying higher sales and income taxes if Argall’s reform plan is adopted. On the other hand, noted school board member Rick Rabinowitz, the elimination (or reduction) of local school property taxes would level the playing field in terms of attracting residents and businesses. It also has the potential to make homes in Pottstown — traditionally less expensive but carrying a higher tax burden — more attractive to homebuyers. As for future spending, all districts would only see an increase in funding based on whichever is lower — a percentage of income and sales tax projections, or the statewide average weekly wage — thus making school funding more varied from year to year and more dependent on the economy. As Nester asked at the end of his presentation — “what happens if there’s a recession?” The answer could be program cuts or the deterioration of facilities, said Nester. He also said there is currently no information about how this change would affect charter schools — if at all — and board member Bill Parker said funding constrictions at public schools under “this bill could have parents fleeing to charter schools with their children.” Eliminating property taxes under Argall’s bill could have many implications, both short-term and long-term said Nester, but one thing is clear: “This is not the windfall that most people anticipate.” Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! More More coverage: Twitter Recap of Meeting Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Former Davos insider: Globalism still a problem 'I would argue it is the culture war of our times' Published: 5 days ago Paul Bremmer About | Email | Archive Paul Bremmer is a WND staff writer based in Washington, D.C. Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print You can count billionaire investor Peter Thiel among those who believe globalization is on the decline in the age of Donald Trump and Brexit. Thiel, the co-founder of PayPal and a Trump supporter, said Trump’s victory demonstrated how dissatisfied people have become with a global system that hasn’t worked well for them. “I think the tide on globalization is just going out,” Thiel said in a Tuesday appearance at the CERAWeek by IHS Markit conference in Houston. Ted Malloch, chairman and CEO of the Roosevelt Group and the man believed to be President Trump’s choice for U.S. ambassador to the European Union, said he agrees with Thiel’s take. “He is correct to suggest that the tide is ebbing on globalization as nations move to do more within their own borders,” Malloch, author of “Hired: An Insider’s Look at the Trump Victory,” told WND. “Security becomes a focus. Immigration and free movement of people comes into question. The statistics prove the case and people like New York Times loudmouth and flat-worlder Tom Freidman are just plain wrong and yesterday.” However, Malloch, who spent decades working in the global economy, wished to make a caveat. “Globalization in manufacturing, such as autos, in banking and in IT, especially outsourcing, is down, and maybe for the count, but the ideology of globalism which allows so-called experts and unelected figures to push their agenda on the rest of us is still dominant, even if Brexit and Trump’s election are challenging it,” he clarified. “In fact I would argue it is the culture war of our times.” Malloch said globalization “is a process that failed to deliver.” “Take a drive through western Pennsylvania, Ohio, the North of England and the vacated small cities of Europe and you can see firsthand the result,” he said. “Our jobs were shipped overseas and traded away in bad deals that have economic and societal impacts that will be felt for many decades. It simply wasn’t worth the price. When you build an economy based on cheap imports at Walmart, there comes a time when the people who shop there, regards of everyday low prices, just can’t afford it largely because they have lost their jobs.” At the Houston conference, Thiel said no one in their right mind would start an organization with the word “global” in the title today. To illustrate the way in which global thought has fallen out of favor, he pointed to the annual World Economic Forum held in Davos, Switzerland. “A decade ago, this was a group of people who were running the world,” Thiel said. “And now, it’s just a group of people who messed up the world.” Malloch, who once served on the executive board of the World Economic Forum, said Thiel’s mostly right. “Davos is something I know well and have written about,” Malloch said. “It is more and more a place for has-beens, wannabes and celebrities. I know many CEOs who won’t show their faces there anymore. It has run its course and after all was mostly for show and a gimmick to show how wonderful Switzerland is. It is, I see, according to them, now the number one country in the world!” Want to know why Trump won, what he represents and where he’s going to take the country from here? Get the answers from a Trump campaign adviser in Theodore Roosevelt Malloch’s “Hired: An Insider’s Look at the Trump Victory,” available in the WND Superstore. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Beware of the 'illegitimate religion' scam BRAVE NEW SCHOOLS Laura Hollis Is online college about to skyrocket? AGAINST ALL ODDS Alan Keyes 'Swing low, Sweet Chariot' as a rugby anthem? NEW WORLD DISORDER Patrick J. Buchanan Is McCain hijacking Trump's foreign policy? LAW OF THE LAND David Limbaugh Judge Watson's abominable travel ban ruling More Commentary » Deal of the Day Daniel Horowitz's 'Stolen Sovereignty' – $4.95 today only! Save $21 on blockbuster exposé of growing judicial tyranny – and how to stop it Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Home News Galleries Interviews Sessions Noise Pro Joan Jett and the Blackhearts To Tour With Boston by Roger Wink, VVN Music on March 12, 2017 in News Boston already have a series of dates announced for April but, on Tuesday, they added a whole new group of dates for June and July and, for the new leg of the tour, they’re bringing along Joan Jett & the Blackhearts. Boston’s Tom Scholz said in a statement “I am thrilled to have Joan and her band on tour with us this summer. Not only is she an amazing rock and roll performing artist, but even more exciting to me is that she is a fellow vegetarian and shares compassion for animal welfare.” A pre-sale for Boston and Jett fans runs through tomorrow with general public sales starting on Friday (March 10). The original Boston dates: 04/14 – Hollywood, FL – Hard Rock Live 04/15 – Estero, FL – Germain Arena 04/17 – Sarasota, FL – Van Wezel Perf. Arts Hall 04/18 – Clearwater, FL – Ruth Eckerd Hall 04/20 – Saint Augustine, FL – St. Augustine Amphitheatre 04/21 – Mobile, AL – Saenger Theatre 04/22 – Lake Charles, LA – Golden Nugget 04/23 – Shreveport, LA – Shreveport Municipal Auditorium 04/25 – Rogers, AR – Walmart AMP 04/26 – North Little Rock, AR – Verizon Arena The new dates with Joan Jett & the Blackhearts: 06/14 – Mountain View, CA – Shoreline Amphitheatre 06/16 – Los Angeles, CA – Greek Theatre 06/18 – Chula Vista, CA – Mattress Firm Amphitheatre 06/28 – Houston, TX – Smart Financial Centre at Sugarland 06/30 – Dallas, TX – Starplex Pavilion 07/02 – Noblesville, IN – Klipsch Music Center 07/05 – St. Louis, MO – Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre – STL 07/07 – Tinley Park, IL – Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre – CHI 07/08 – Dayton, OH – Rose Music Center at The Heights 07/09 – Detroit, MI – DTE Energy Music Theatre 07/11 – Toronto, ON – Budweiser Stage 07/13 – Boston, MA – TD Garden 07/19 – Alpharetta, GA – Verizon Amphitheatre 07/20 – Virginia Beach, VA – Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater 07/22 – Wallingford, CT – Toyota Oakdale Theatre 07/23 – Wantagh, NY – Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater 07/25 – Scranton, PA – The Pavilion at Montage Mountain 07/27 – Camden, NJ – BB&T Pavilion 07/28 – Pittsburgh, PA – KeyBank Pavilion 07/29 – Syracuse, NY – Lakeview Amphitheater 07/30 – Bristow, VA – Jiffy Lube Live vvnmusic.com Comments comments Tagged as: 80s, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts, rock, USA Tweet Related Posts America’s Whacky Demagogue Attacks Snoop Dogg On Twitter Marco Rubio and Donald Trump's lawyer had their say about Snoop Dogg's Lavender video which shows Snoop aim and shoot a confetti gun at an actor playing Trump in clown face, but you had to know that the man himself would have to have his say. 1 day ago Elton John Adds Second Hobart Show After First Shows Sell In Minutes Sir Elton John has added a second Hobart show after tickets for the Hobart, Mackay, Cairns and Wollongong sold out in eight minutes. 2 days ago U2 Reveal Details of The Joshua Tree 30th Anniversary Edition U2 had previously said that they had big plans for the 30th anniversary for The Joshua Tree which would include a tour and a new version of the album and, last Thursday, they made details known on the multi-disc set. 2 days ago New Kids On The Block Debut One More Night Video The New Kids on the Block have released the official video for the song One More Night from their upcoming EP Thankful. 2 days ago Peter Hook To Perform Joy Division and New Order Albums In Australia Peter Hook easily makes my Top 10 bets concerts of all-time. Last time he was in Australia he played a special show on a vacant block in Melbourne’s Southbank called Testing Grounds. 3 days ago 80s Mania To Bring Wang Chung and Paul Young To Australia Go West, The Cutting Crew, Wang Chung, Taylor Dayne and Paul Young will tour Australia in November 2017 for the national 80s Mania tour. 3 days ago New Kids On The Block Surprise Fans With New Song The New Kids on the Block are releasing a brand new five-song EP. 5 days ago Russell Morris James Blunt Ed Sheeran Adam Ant Scott Carne Kasey Chambers Matt Andersen – Quiet Company Dusty The Black Sorrows – It Ain’t Ever Gonna Happen Charlie A’Court – Refuse To Fear HARTS – Lovers In Bloom HARTS – Red And Blue Join our mailing list for daily updates. My Tweets © Copyright 2011. Noise11 . All Rights Reserved Home | About Us | Advertise with Us | Buy Content | Contact Us | Disclaimer [ + ]
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . View Powered by Forecast.io Local Columns Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Local Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Police: 3-year-old Connecticut girl lived alone with dead mom for days 03-16 8:05 pm New York court to determine if chimp is legally a person 03-16 4:13 pm California judge wants end to immigration arrests in courts 03-16 2:32 pm Letter bomb explodes at France office of IMF, injuring 1 03-16 12:20 pm NY court asked to determine if chimp is legally a person 03-16 11:37 am Democrats slam Trump budget, GOP offers faint praise or none 03-16 11:16 am Fast-food trash helps lead to suspect in fatal Connecticut hit-and-run crash 03-16 9:55 am Trump budget slashes agencies to focus on wall, defense 03-16 9:19 am Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Thousands of Mohegan Sun and Foxwoods jobs headed to the shredder Published March 11. 2017 5:13PM  By David Collins  Day staff writer d.collins@theday.com  DavidCollinsct It became pretty clear at last week's public hearing on two pending casino expansion bills that neither has a chance of passing the General Assembly this year. Indeed, my takeaway from Thursday's Public Safety and Security Committee hearing is that MGM Resorts International has won the lobbying war here in Connecticut against the Mashantucket Pequots and Mohegans, killing off the tribes' plans to build a casino in East Windsor meant to compete with MGM's new $950 million project in Springfield, now under construction. Using the tribes' own numbers, taking away their option to build a new casino in northern Connecticut will lead to the loss of 9,000 jobs once Springfield opens. Get ready for that. MGM has made it clear it will challenge in court the constitutionality of any new law giving the tribes a commercial casino license without competitive bidding, a potent threat. Even more powerful, though, has been MGM's warning that a new casino license for the tribes could threaten the deal, overseen by the U.S. Department of Interior, by which the tribes pay the state 25 percent, currently $270 million, of the revenues from their reservation slot machines. To make this point loud and clear MGM, hired Kenneth Salazar, the former secretary of the Department of the Interior, who wrote a letter suggesting a possible scenario in which "Connecticut's entitlement to the 25-percent revenue stream would likely terminate." The tribes, in return, presented their own hired expert testimony at last week's hearing, from a retired bureaucrat from the Department of the Interior, who contradicted the former secretary and suggested the deal guaranteeing the state the slots money is not at risk. You can't expect public safety committee members, who seem generally clueless in the first place about the legal points in this deal, to decide who is right. Moreover, Attorney General George Jepsen is expected to weigh in with an official opinion before the committee votes, and he, too, already has warned that a new tribal commercial casino could impact the payments from the reservation casinos. There is no way any legislator can spin the wheel and vote for the East Windsor casino if there is no airtight guarantee that it is not going to imperil the existing slot machine payments. There are a bunch of other reasons why the tribes' plan is unworkable at this late hour, from the lack of guidelines for how a commercial casino would be regulated by the state to the assertion by East Windsor officials that they don't need to put the issue to a referendum vote. A petition calling for a referendum already is circulating in town, and many legislators have suggested the lack of one is a deal killer on its own. No one, other than the tribes, seemed to be beating the dead East Windsor horse harder than Sen. Tim Larson, the committee chairman who also represents East Windsor. Larson made the incredible suggestion that a casino is not that different than the Wal-Mart and movie complex the town already has hosted nearby. He angrily challenged MGM's right to send a mailer to his constituents warning that they may not be getting a good deal from the tribes and pointing out they get no say without a referendum. Last I heard, senator, freedom of speech covers even Las Vegas gambling companies. During the testimony by an MGM senior vice president, the committee chairman loudly berated him, interrupted when the casino executive tried to answer a question and then stormed out of the hearing room. I think it was the most shameful performance I've ever seen in a General Assembly hearing. Must be the chairman, too, could see those promised gambling dollars slipping away from his district. The other casino expansion bill, a vague plan to have open competition for a new commercial casino license, also seems quite dead, given written testimony from the attorney general that the bill, as written, would immediately stop the slots machine money from the tribes, part of the deal that gives them a duopoly on state gaming. Many hundreds of millions of slot revenues could be lost before a new casino ever opened its doors and started paying. It's possible the state, with some professionally assisted planning, could indeed plan a two-part process to solicit proposals for commercial casinos, maybe in southwest Connecticut, without stopping the tribal slots money, but that is not going to come out of the haphazard process underway now before this committee. I feel badly for the tribes and for the employees who are certain to lose their jobs from this big new competitor. But much of the blame falls on the tribes. The obstacles that seem insurmountable now have been apparent for some time and no other solutions were developed. Maybe the tribes' commercial venture simply could have guaranteed the equivalent of the reservation slot machine payments, since they claim to expect to continue to pay them anyway. And maybe they should have proposed open bidding for a northern Connecticut casino license, with each bidder promising to match the reservation slot money. I suspect they would have been the only ones bidding. MGM can't, because it is too close to Springfield. Instead, the tribes are asking legislators to roll the dice, hoping for maybe more gambling dollars and jobs but putting at risk the revenue they already get. And then there is the certain court battle that will follow. It's not going to happen. This is the opinion of David Collins. d.collins@theday.com Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Dilapidated Mystic home demolished 2 Groton City Ethics Board finds probable cause in complaints on Kentucky Derby trip 3 Local roundup: Whalers' Lucas, Pagan, invited to pair of senior all-star games 4 Mystic Irish Parade takes place on Sunday 5 New London's Dunn adjusting to grind of his first NBA season 6 Norwich police arrest 3 within 5 hours of package store theft 7 Stonington assistant superintendent of schools to retire 8 Federal judge in Hawaii puts Trump travel ban on hold 9 Connecticut again weighs regulating police drones 10 Groton church offers free Saturday lunches for community MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Full game: NFA 59, New London 51 2 GameDay preview: NFA vs. New London in ECC girls final MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 It should be called the anti-health care law 75 2 Snowstorm fizzles into rain; threats of ice, flooding remain 67 3 Blizzards in the time of Trump 33 4 Federal judge in Hawaii puts Trump travel ban on hold 29 5 Trump budget slashes agencies to focus on wall, defense 16 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports SXSW Iconic Tour Balancing Priorities CNBC Upstart 25 Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Personal Finance Personal Finance Retirement College College Game Plan Careers Savings Debt Tax Planning March deals: Buy spring apparel, wait on home improvement Kelli B. Grant | @kelligrant Saturday, 11 Mar 2017 | 2:00 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters March shopping deals    Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 4:00 AM ET | 01:25 March is a month that, at first glance, doesn't lend itself to shopping sprees – there's no big sales holiday, and the turn of the season can shift retailers' focus. But with retail sales off to a rough start this year, shoppers are likely to find more deals, said smart shopping expert Trae Bodge. "The winter has been a little bit slow," she said. "Retailers want consumers to come out ... they have all this spring merchandise they want to move." kali9 | Getty Images Some categories are more likely to have deals than others. Bodge partnered with SlickDeals.net to determine which items historically have had great sales in March. One top buy? Spring apparel for men, women and children. Often, this makes the list of worst buys for March, but Bodge said retailers like Wal-Mart and American Apparel are already dropping prices. "Spring is coming," she said. "It's a little bit of a teaser sale." Hold off on purchases for home improvement, which see better prices around Memorial Day. And if you're in the market for a new TV, you'll have to shop carefully, said Bodge — sales are rarer now that we're in a quiet spot between the Super Bowl and Black Friday. "Maybe the TV you're looking for is on sale, maybe not," she said. "On the Money" airs on CNBC Saturdays at 5:30 a.m. ET, or check listings for air times in local markets. Kelli B. GrantPersonal Finance and Consumer Spending Reporter To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home News Local Florida National Politics Don’t Miss It Traffic Gas Prices Slideshows Hillsborough County Polk County Pasco County Pinellas County Sarasota County Watch Us Live Weather Alerts Current Conditions Future Forecast Radar SatRad Severe Tropics Webcams Rivers Marine Weather Photos Hurricane-Ready 8 On Your Side Better Call Behnken You Paid For It Investigations Restaurant Ratings Recall Alerts Vehicle Recalls SeeClickFix Contact 8 Investigates Back to School Sports Buccaneers Tampa Bay Lightning Rays Friday Night Blitz Send It! Photo Galleries Community Kindness Day 2016 Teddy Bear Roundup Out & About Calendar Health & Fitness Expo 2017 Outdoors Expo More Contact Us Meet Our Team Mobile Apps Sign up for Email Alerts Daytime Health Advisors WFLA Experts Work for Us Intern with us Hollywood Today Live WFLA / WTTA TV Schedule Station Tours NBC Programming 53° F Clear Hi: 63° F Lo: 39° F Forecast Radar Webcams Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Florida National Politics Don’t Miss It Traffic Gas Prices Slideshows Hillsborough County Polk County Pasco County Pinellas County Sarasota County Watch Us Live Latest Headlines 12 foot great white shark lingers off Myrtle Beach coast Updated: 41 mins ago Hilton the great white shark is spending his spring break off the coast of Myrtle Beach, according to data from the OCEARCH website. Robinson gets hot, No. 4 seed Florida beats ETSU 80-65 7:58 pm Devin Robinson tied his career-high with 24 points, Kasey Hill added 14 and No. 4 seed Florida used a second-half surge to beat 13th-seeded … Search suspended for swimmers missing near Pass-A-Grille 7:54 pm Oklahoma state senator arrested on child prostitution charges 7:33 pm NFL hires second female official, according to AP source 7:16 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Future Forecast Radar SatRad Severe Tropics Webcams Rivers Marine Weather Photos Hurricane-Ready Current Conditions 53° F Clear Feels Like: 53° F Wind: NNW 8 Humidity: 41% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:38 AM Sunset: 7:39 PM Tampa Bay Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: 8 On Your Side 8 On Your Side Better Call Behnken You Paid For It Investigations Restaurant Ratings Recall Alerts Vehicle Recalls SeeClickFix Contact 8 Investigates Back to School Latest Headlines How to eat better without eating less 10:52 am When you’re trying to eat healthy foods it can often feel like you’re cutting out your favorite snacks and feel hungry all the time. Speed Busters: Group wants action taken on speeding problem in Seminole Heights neighborhood 2:24 pm Hampton Terrace Community Association President Brian Frey and Vice President Bill Truett are tired of seeing cars crash through their neigh… Hyundai recalls 978,000 cars; seat belts can come loose 8:28 am Lakeland homeowner has special reason to file lawsuit over possibly contaminated land 1:53 pm Polk homeowners express fear, others disbelief over contamination lawsuit March 15, 2017 Sports Sports Buccaneers Tampa Bay Lightning Rays Friday Night Blitz Featured: Daytona 500 Making The Krewe Latest Headlines Report: Fernandez was likely operating boat in deadly crash 9:53 am Florida authorities say Miami Marlins star Jose Fernandez was likely operating a speeding boat when it crashed into a jetty, killing him and… Hedman scores in OT, Lightning top Sens 2-1 for 4th straight March 15, 2017 Victor Hedman scored with 55 seconds on the clock in overtime and the Tampa Bay Lightning defeated the Ottawa Senators 2-1 on Tuesday night … Point’s 2nd goal snaps tie in 3rd, Lightning top Rangers 3-2 March 13, 2017 Ondrej Palat scores late in 3rd, Lightning beat Panthers 3-2 March 13, 2017 Tampa Bay Lightning star surprises breast cancer survivor on wedding day March 13, 2017 Send It! Photo Galleries Community Kindness Day 2016 Teddy Bear Roundup Out & About Calendar Health & Fitness Expo 2017 Outdoors Expo More Contact Us Meet Our Team Mobile Apps Sign up for Email Alerts Daytime Health Advisors WFLA Experts Work for Us Intern with us Hollywood Today Live WFLA / WTTA TV Schedule Station Tours NBC Programming Search for: Search the site 53° F Clear Hi: 63° F Lo: 39° F Man accused of eating girlfriend to get mental evaluations Associated Press Published: March 11, 2017, 7:00 am Updated: March 11, 2017, 7:00 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) This photo provided by the Clark County, Indiana., Sheriff's Office shows Joseph Oberhansley. Oberhansley is charged with murder, rape and abuse of a corpse in the September 2014 slaying of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Blanton. The southern Indiana man accused of killing his former girlfriend and eating parts of her body will undergo psychiatric evaluations, despite his insistence that he's competent for trial. (Clark County Sheriff's Office via AP) JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind. (AP) — A southern Indiana man accused of killing his former girlfriend and eating parts of her body in 2014 will undergo psychiatric evaluations, despite his insistence that he’s competent for trial. Defense lawyers say Joseph Oberhansley can’t consult with them or understand court proceedings. Clark County Circuit Court Judge Vicki Carmichael this week granted their request for evaluations. The Courier-Journal of Louisville, Kentucky, reports that Oberhansley, of Jeffersonville, told the judge that he is “completely innocent of all of these false charges” and is “completely competent.” Oberhansley is charged with murder, rape and abuse of a corpse in the September 2014 slaying of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Blanton. If convicted, he could be sentenced to death. WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON: If you get a call from these area codes, don’t respond Local Walmart Supercenters giving away nearly 53,000 cupcakes Protesters want Bartow Police Officer fired after calling former President Obama a “gorilla” Police: Woman in labor demanded an injection of heroin, meth Temple Terrace ‘house of horrors’ has rats running into nearby homes Casey Anthony speaks for the first time about daughter Caylee’s death Margaritaville King Jimmy Buffett launches Fla. retirement village Toddler found in car with dead father outside grocery store >> back to WFLA.com for more top stories Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Posts Dad who dropped girl off of Tampa Bay area bridge found legally competent to stand trial The Grove, a witness to slavery, war and civil rights opens in Tallahassee The world’s ‘heaviest woman’ drops 200 lbs Bartow woman accused of killing 3 children by setting fire to home Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WFLA.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WFLA.com More On Your Side News Speed Busters: Group wants action taken on speeding problem in Seminole Heights neighborhood 2:24 pm Hampton Terrace Community Association President Brian Frey and Vice President Bill Truett are tired of seeing cars crash through their neigh… Hyundai recalls 978,000 cars; seat belts can come loose 8:28 am Hyundai is recalling nearly 978,000 cars in the U.S. because the front seat belts could detach in a crash and fail to hold people. Lakeland homeowner has special reason to file lawsuit over possibly contaminated land 1:53 pm We’re hearing directly from the homeowner at the center of a federal lawsuit that claims thousands of Lakeland homes are sitting on a toxic … Polk homeowners express fear, others disbelief over contamination lawsuit March 15, 2017 Uncertainty now surrounds two upscale subdivisions in Lakeland following the filing of a federal lawsuit. Find Stories By Date March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WFLA.com © 1998-2017 www.wfla.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Tampa Weather Traffic 8 On Your Side Sports Station Contact Us Meet Our Team WFLA / WTTA TV Schedule WFLA Experts Health Advisors Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms WFLA FCC Public File WFLA EEO Report WTTA FCC Public File WTTA EEO Report Children’s TV Report Closed Captioning Advertise with us Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Life More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Health & Fitness Health News Fitness Diet Weight Loss Home Remedies De-stress Health A-Z Every Heart Counts FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Listen To Your Sugar Beauty FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Spotlight FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Food Food Food Features Food Reviews Bar Reviews Recipes Quick Food Drinks Corner FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Travel Books Books Features Interviews Book Launches FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Home & Garden FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Fashion Fashion Shows Designers Buzz Style Guide Celeb Style FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Photos Videos ALL Love & Sex Parenting Work Pets Soul Curry Ask the expert News » Lifestyle » Relationships Tips » Workplace Relationship Tips » Can a tattoo get me in trouble at work? Kangana says, "I was playing the badass card" Veena Malik ends marriage, obtains Khula! Is Katrina's pain Deepika's gain? Women's Day Spl: If you have it, then flaunt it! Says Swara BJP workers celebrate as party sweeps UP, Uttarakhand Election Special: Chief Ministers Who Ruled Uttar Pradesh Post Independence Hrithik Roshan to endorse a health food brand OPPO Times Fresh Face: Winning moments OPPO Times Fresh Face finalists get groomed by experts Femina Power List North Awards 2017 Times Food and Nightlife Awards 2017: Urvashi Rautela gives award for Best European Global Casual dine Times Food and Nightlife Awards 2017: Jitesh Thakur gives award for Best Thai Fine dine Can a tattoo get me in trouble at work?Nupur Amarnath Just the other day at work, in the women’s washroom, a colleague was whining about her tattoo to a friend, and to anyone who cared to listen. | TNN | Mar 12, 2017, 12.00 AM IST Can a tattoo get me in trouble at work? Just the other day at work, in the women's washroom, a colleague was whining about her tattoo to a friend, and to anyone who cared to listen. Inspired by Priyanka Chopra's body art, she decided to get a small design on the side of her hand. Apparently, the reaction to her body art — at home and at work — wasn't what she had expected. She was now considering laser removal. A reason why they tell you to think before you ink. Work and tattoos is not a match made in heaven. Maybe because they started as the bastion of the marginalised: gypsies, freak shows, criminals and the non-conformists. A Pew Research Center study found that 76 per cent of respondents feel tattoos and piercings hurt an applicant's chances of being hired during a job interview. And 39 per cent of those surveyed believe employees with tattoos and piercings reflect poorly on their employers. I ink, therefore I am But etiquette trainer Sheena Agarwal has noticed some relaxation in corporate attitude towards body art. "While industries like banking, consultancy and finance are still strict about visible body art, in most other companies, I have noticed even HR professionals sporting small, tasteful inks," she says. It's the profile and industry that determines body art. For someone in a creative, marketing or media company, a tattoo is par for the course. Agarwal says, "Its just another mode of self-expression but make sure your tattoo is not offensive." A study by CareerBuilder found that tattoos are looked at as a sign of immaturity, bad judgment and bad taste by managers. Over 42 per cent of managers polled said their opinion of someone would be lowered by that person's visible body art. Corporate grooming and soft skills expert Konkana Bakshi agrees. "We form an opinion of a person in the first seven seconds of meeting them. A visible body art always conjures up images of recklessness and lack of credibility," she says. The Unwritten Code Globally, companies prefer written down codes dictating what is acceptable. Starbucks requires employees to cover all tattoos and remove certain piercings. Walt Disney World doesn't allow its employees to use bandages to cover tattoos, but they can use makeup. Wal-Mart specifies tattoos 'that are offensive or distractive are to be covered.' Tattoos at the workplace is a visibility issue - no one cares as long as it stays hidden. Wear dark coloured shirts, full sleeves, leave your hair open, or if need be, wear makeup to hide it. Clearly, body art and boardroom don't mix. But in India, dress codes are more understood than written down. Agarwal says, "Ultimately, they look at your CV not your tattoo." But even then, the best place for a professional to get inked would be the inner upper arm, shoulders, chest or lower back as they stay covered. What can cost you a promotion? Looks matter - Provocative attire: 44% - Wrinkled clothes or shabby appearance: 43% - Unconventional piercings: 32% - Too casual attire: 27% - Visible tattoos: 27% Other reasons: An unprofessional haircut, unprofessional facial hair, bad breath, heavy perfume, too much makeup Behave yourself - Negative or pessimistic attitude: 62% - Regularly showing up to work late: 62% - Using vulgar language: 51% - Regularly leaving work early: 49% - Taking too many sick days: 49% Other reasons: Gossiping, excessive social media during office time, neglecting to clean up after himself/herself, taking personal calls at work, taking smoke breaks Source: Careerbuilder 2015 survey on what factors can hurt an employees' career advancement prospects Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Confused About Which Business Phone To Pick? We Can Help. Business Phone Offers Hot Health Insurance Deals Of 2017. Health Insurance Offers The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter More from The Times of India Aligarh Univ's city chapter will celebrate founder's day Shooting for '24' Season 2 wrapped up - Times of India Siya Ke Ram Latest Updates & Tweets - The Times of India From the Web More From The Times of India Top 10 Balance Transfers Credit Cards. 2017's Top Transfer..Credit Card Sponsored Ads Check Out The Hottest Smart Phone Deals Of 2017!Smart Phone Offers This Is How Much A Crossover Should Cost!Crossover Offers Check The Credit Cards Here That Work For You And Not Agai..Credit Card Offers India arrests 70 workers in U.S. call-center scamReuters TV U.S. corn climbs on export demand, technical rebound Government introduces reforms in answer sheet evaluation Open heart surgeries to give boost to AP hospitals Your dog remembers more than you think Airtel Bank: Airtel rolls out India’s first payments bank Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Popular TagsWork diariesUnwritten CodeTattoo at workplaceTattooPromotion Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Punjab elections results: All you need to know Uttarakhand elections results: All you need to know Manipur elections results: All you need to know You Won't Be Able To Look Away From These Heartwarming Bab.. Ad: Dogsome.net Hrithik Roshan to endorse a health food brand As per reports, 'Kaabil' actor Hrithik Roshan will now promote a health food brand with Indian chef Ranveer Brar. OPPO Times Fresh Face: Winning moments Months of gruelling sessions, tough competitions, and lakhs of votes later, Mumbai's Aditya Nanda and Bengaluru's Ria Nalavade were announced as the winners of Oppo Times Fresh Face 2016. From around the Web This Is How Much A Brand New Car Should Cost! New Car Offers This game will keep you up all night! Vikings: Free Online Game Do You Come From Royal Blood? Your Last Name May Tell You. Ancestry 20 Incredible Makeup Tricks for Older Women Fabulous 55 More From The Times of India ‘Tharoor as PM’ campaign launched Times of India Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide TOI Website Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab Times of India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners How much to confide in your colleagues Utilize the five reserves of feminine strength this Women's Day Are you a procrastinator at work? 1Can a tattoo get me in trouble at work? 2How much to confide in your colleagues 3Utilize the five reserves of feminine strength this Women's Day 4Are you a procrastinator at work? Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Election Results 2017 UP Election Results Punjab Election Results Manipur Election Results Goa Election Results Narendra Modi Election Results Live Uttarakhand Election Results UP Election Result Punjab Election Results 2017 services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Sports News Business News India News World News Headlines Breaking News News Entertainment News hot on the web Elections Result Trending News UP Elections Results 2017 Punjab Election Results 2017 Breaking News Uttarakhand Election Results 2017 Elections 2017 Goa Election Results 2017 Manipur Election Results 2017 Trending topics Live: Election Results 2017 UP Election Results Punjab Election Results Uttarakhand Election Results Manipur Election Results Goa Election Results  Narendra Modi Rahul Gandhi Akhilesh Yadav Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `

Local News Broward News Pembroke Pines News Burger fundraiser benefits toddler who can't eat Burger chain fundraiser to benefit toddler who can't eat This Sunday and Monday, a local burger chain and high school students will raise money to help get her to a medical center in Wisconsin that treats undiagnosed and rare diseases. This Sunday and Monday, a local burger chain and high school students will raise money to help get her to a medical center in Wisconsin that treats undiagnosed and rare diseases. Emily BlochContact ReporterSouth Florida Sun-Sentinel Privacy Policy Some of Mackenzie Nelson's favorite foods include pizza and doughnuts — but she's never eaten any of them. The only diet the 3-year-old has ever known is a pretend, plastic one from her toy kitchen set. Her actual nutrition comes from a formula fed directly to her stomach. That's because Mackenzie has a mystery illness that doctors can't diagnose. This Sunday and Monday, a local burger chain and high school students will raise money to help get her to a medical center in Wisconsin that treats undiagnosed and rare diseases.   The Pembroke Pines girl, who's just a few days shy of 4-years-old, has a rare condition that causes her body to treat food like poison and reject anything she consumes. Food Protein Induced Enterocolitis Syndrome — or FPIES for short — is an intense food allergy that can result in severe vomiting and diarrhea. But that's usually triggered only by certain foods. Mackenzie on the other hand, reacts to everything. "If she were to even have a crumb, within two hours she'd react," said the girl's mother, Ashley Nelson. The 32-year-old single parent says her daughter's symptoms include violent vomiting and severe lethargy. After visits with 48 different specialists, doctors say they're stunned that Mackenzie's disease is still unidentified. "I'm convinced there's someone someplace who can help," Ashley Nelson said. "And I'm going to find them." Now, the Pembroke Pines and Southwest Ranches communities want to help. On Sunday and Monday, March 12 and 13, the Gimme A Burger restaurant on Flamingo Road will organize a fundraiser for Mackenzie. "I believe in always paying it forward," Director of Operations Mike Burstein said. "When I met Mackenzie and her mom, Ashley, I wanted to help." The burger spot will dedicate 20 percent of both days' profits toward the Nelson's next stop: the Undiagnosed and Rare Disease Program at the Children's Hospital of Wisconsin. Because the hospital is north of West Palm Beach, it's considered out of network by Ashley's insurance and expenses incurred there are not covered. Archbishop McCarthy High School will also have students on hand selling T-shirts and wristbands to raise funds. Mackenzie isn't able to go to school due to her weakened immune system. Last year, a common cold put her in the hospital for nine days. So, Ashley Nelson homeschools her daughter. But before taking on the role of stay-at-home mother, nurse and teacher to Mackenzie, Nelson was a third-grade teacher at Fox Trail Elementary School in Davie. She never had any ties to Archbishop McCarthy High — except for a former student of hers. More than 10 years after sitting in Ashley Nelson's class, Lauren Perlstein saw her and Mackenzie's story on a local news station and wanted to help. "I'm amazed and beyond thankful," Ashley said of the gesture. From there, the Hungry For A Cure program was born. In January, Ashley Nelson started a GoFundMe page, through which she's raised about $12,000 of her $50,000 goal. The high school also helped produce teal wristbands that read "Hungry For A Cure." They're worn regularly by both Nelson and her mother, Donna Nelson, who lives with Nelson and Mackenzie. The only thing Mackenzie's body can consume is a formula called Neocate Splash, referred to by doctors as "liquid gold." The formula, which costs about $1,000 a month, comes from the United Kingdom and contains already broken-down amino acids. It is administered through a gastrostomy tube, or G-tube for short, delivering nutrition directly to the girl's stomach. But that doesn't stop Mackenzie from "eating." The 23-pounder sits on the carpet of her living room and prepares her meals. Dumped in front of her is a pile of plastic foods that she'll fix for herself, including macaroni and cheese, ice cream and broccoli. Though Mackenzie can't physically eat, she has the soul of a foodie, preparing recipes at her toy kitchen set, making soup for her mother and asking her grandma what's for dinner. Every day, the sandy blonde packs a lunch box for herself by stuffing it with her plastic foods — "In case I get hungry," she explains. Her family always picks up an extra copy of the weekly Publix circular for her to peruse and choose what to "eat." Her pants are made for a 24-month-old with the waist rolled to fit her tiny frame. After a long day of poking and prodding at the hospital, or physical therapy, Mackenzie celebrates with her favorite treat, plain shaved ice. Donna even bought a snow cone maker from Walmart to have the treats readily available for her granddaughter. "It's hard to hold back the tears," Ashley said of her daughter's constant hunger. "Last Christmas, she asked Santa for food." But the mother-daughter duo are making the best of things. "We're BFFs," an abbreviation for best friends forever, Mackenzie says with a nod and smile of her relationship with her mother. She pours water from her plastic tea cup — pink, her favorite color — into her mom's cup to share. Even water has to be checked before consumption. Anything with added minerals will trigger a reaction in Mackenzie. Even though she can't eat it, Gimme A Burger will honor Mackenzie at its fundraiser with a sandwich of her namesake. The Mackenzie Sandwich, with marinated chicken breast, provolone cheese and pear-infused coleslaw on a brioche bun, was made with the girl's mother in mind, according to Burstein. "She's got to be the strongest woman in the world," he said of Ashley Nelson. "When you see this girl, you fall in love with her. I knew I needed to help." The fundraiser for Mackenzie's medical care will take place on Sunday, March 12, from 10:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. and on Monday, March 13, from 3:30 to 8 p.m. at Gimme A Burger, 2010 N. Flamingo Road in Pembroke Pines. Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 62°
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Valley News Dispatch Body discovery prompts homicide probe: Is it Vandergrift's Ronny Cable? Debra Erdley and Renatta Signorini | Saturday, March 11, 2017, 11:21 a.m. Dan Speicher | Tribune-Review Tracks lead to where it is believed that Westmoreland County Detectives, the county coroners office, and a Mercyhurst Forensic Anthropology team, unearthed human remains in a remote wooded area off of Strawcutter Road along Kiser Lane , in Derry Township, on Friday, March 10, 2017. Ronny Cable Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Ronny Marie Cable smiled, snapped a selfie and wished everyone on Facebook a “good day” on Feb. 16. That was hours before she disappeared from her Vandergrift home. “Trying to get my lazy butt to Walmart. Hope everybody's having a good day,” the 34-year-old mother of two posted at 5:56 p.m. Feb. 16. It was the last time she would reach out to friends on social media. On Friday, authorities discovered what they believe to be the remains of the missing woman buried in a grave in a remote wooded area off Strawcutter Road in Derry Township. A forensic anthropology team from Mercyhurst University was called in to assist the Westmoreland County coroner and detectives as they worked to recover the body in the snowy woods. Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck said Saturday morning that the circumstances that led county detectives to the site and items found there lead them to believe that the remains excavated from the scene on Friday belong to Cable. “As yet, we lack definitive proof to identify the remains as Ronny,” Peck said. Authorities are investigating the death as a homicide, Peck said, adding that detectives have identified suspects in the case. Cable was seen on surveillance cameras at the Wal-Mart in Harrison on the evening of Feb. 16 with two white men. Vandergrift police said Cable was seen with the same men at her home later that night. All three left in a red Chevrolet car. The last time a charge was made on Cable's bank account was the following night at a bar in a neighboring town. Police said she has not used her phone since Feb. 16. Court records show Cable, who moved to Vandergrift in November, had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years. She was placed on probation after pleading guilty to possession of a controlled substance by a person not registered in Jeannette in 2012 and conspiracy to commit theft in Greensburg in 2013. A retail theft charge filed in Greensburg last year remains open on court dockets. But her Facebook posts suggest Cable, who attended Windber High School and the Greater Johnstown Career and Technical Vo-Tech, was trying to turn her life around. Her page is filled with smiling selfies and inspirational quotes from sites such as the Power of Positivity. “A few bad chapters does not mean your story is over,” she posted on Feb. 5. Debra Erdley and Renatta Signorini are Tribune-Review staff writers. Reach Erdley at 412-320-7996 or derdley@tribweb.com. Reach Signorini at 724-837-5374 or rsignorini@tribweb.com. More Valley News Dispatch Lead found at Colfax elementary in Springdale prompts bottled water use Bald eagles cope with nor'easter snowfall Visit the fish fries in the Alle-Kiski Valley Arnold debates 'use it or lose it' vacation policy New Kensington OKs cell tower replacement on Camp Avenue TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending NFL deems Villanueva's, Cockrell's performances with Steelers worthy of extra cash Two-year road construction project for I-279 to begin in March Bethel Park man accused in Red Robin incident is indicted on hate crime charge Twitter Feed A Twitter List by Valley News Dispatch staff Week in Pictures PIAA wrestling, winter returns and St. Patrick's Day (March 6-12) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Home News Local Florida National Politics Don’t Miss It Traffic Gas Prices Slideshows Hillsborough County Polk County Pasco County Pinellas County Sarasota County Watch Us Live Weather Alerts Current Conditions Future Forecast Radar SatRad Severe Tropics Webcams Rivers Marine Weather Photos Hurricane-Ready 8 On Your Side Better Call Behnken You Paid For It Investigations Restaurant Ratings Recall Alerts Vehicle Recalls SeeClickFix Contact 8 Investigates Back to School Sports Buccaneers Tampa Bay Lightning Rays Friday Night Blitz Send It! Photo Galleries Community Kindness Day 2016 Teddy Bear Roundup Out & About Calendar Health & Fitness Expo 2017 Outdoors Expo More Contact Us Meet Our Team Mobile Apps Sign up for Email Alerts Daytime Health Advisors WFLA Experts Work for Us Intern with us Hollywood Today Live WFLA / WTTA TV Schedule Station Tours NBC Programming 53° F Clear Hi: 63° F Lo: 39° F Forecast Radar Webcams Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Florida National Politics Don’t Miss It Traffic Gas Prices Slideshows Hillsborough County Polk County Pasco County Pinellas County Sarasota County Watch Us Live Latest Headlines 12 foot great white shark lingers off Myrtle Beach coast Updated: 41 mins ago Hilton the great white shark is spending his spring break off the coast of Myrtle Beach, according to data from the OCEARCH website. Robinson gets hot, No. 4 seed Florida beats ETSU 80-65 7:58 pm Devin Robinson tied his career-high with 24 points, Kasey Hill added 14 and No. 4 seed Florida used a second-half surge to beat 13th-seeded … Search suspended for swimmers missing near Pass-A-Grille 7:54 pm Oklahoma state senator arrested on child prostitution charges 7:33 pm NFL hires second female official, according to AP source 7:16 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Future Forecast Radar SatRad Severe Tropics Webcams Rivers Marine Weather Photos Hurricane-Ready Current Conditions 53° F Clear Feels Like: 53° F Wind: NNW 8 Humidity: 41% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:38 AM Sunset: 7:39 PM Tampa Bay Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: 8 On Your Side 8 On Your Side Better Call Behnken You Paid For It Investigations Restaurant Ratings Recall Alerts Vehicle Recalls SeeClickFix Contact 8 Investigates Back to School Latest Headlines How to eat better without eating less 10:52 am When you’re trying to eat healthy foods it can often feel like you’re cutting out your favorite snacks and feel hungry all the time. Speed Busters: Group wants action taken on speeding problem in Seminole Heights neighborhood 2:24 pm Hampton Terrace Community Association President Brian Frey and Vice President Bill Truett are tired of seeing cars crash through their neigh… Hyundai recalls 978,000 cars; seat belts can come loose 8:28 am Lakeland homeowner has special reason to file lawsuit over possibly contaminated land 1:53 pm Polk homeowners express fear, others disbelief over contamination lawsuit March 15, 2017 Sports Sports Buccaneers Tampa Bay Lightning Rays Friday Night Blitz Featured: Daytona 500 Making The Krewe Latest Headlines Report: Fernandez was likely operating boat in deadly crash 9:53 am Florida authorities say Miami Marlins star Jose Fernandez was likely operating a speeding boat when it crashed into a jetty, killing him and… Hedman scores in OT, Lightning top Sens 2-1 for 4th straight March 15, 2017 Victor Hedman scored with 55 seconds on the clock in overtime and the Tampa Bay Lightning defeated the Ottawa Senators 2-1 on Tuesday night … Point’s 2nd goal snaps tie in 3rd, Lightning top Rangers 3-2 March 13, 2017 Ondrej Palat scores late in 3rd, Lightning beat Panthers 3-2 March 13, 2017 Tampa Bay Lightning star surprises breast cancer survivor on wedding day March 13, 2017 Send It! Photo Galleries Community Kindness Day 2016 Teddy Bear Roundup Out & About Calendar Health & Fitness Expo 2017 Outdoors Expo More Contact Us Meet Our Team Mobile Apps Sign up for Email Alerts Daytime Health Advisors WFLA Experts Work for Us Intern with us Hollywood Today Live WFLA / WTTA TV Schedule Station Tours NBC Programming Search for: Search the site 53° F Clear Hi: 63° F Lo: 39° F Children’s rattles recalled over choking hazard By WFLA Web Staff Published: March 11, 2017, 9:47 am Updated: March 11, 2017, 10:11 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Credit: Consumer Product Safety Commission. (WFLA) – A children’s toy is being recalled due to a choking hazard, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Kids II Inc. is recalling Oball Rattles because a plastic disc on the ball can break, releasing small beads that kids can choke on. So far, there have been 42 reports of the plastic disc breaking. There were also two reports of beads found in children’s mouths, and three reports of gagging, according to the CPSC. The rattles included in the recall have date codes T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065. Those codes can be found on the inner surface of the rattle. The products were sold by several retailers, including Target, Walgreens and Walmart. They were also sold online. If you have an Oball Rattle at home, you should take it away from your child and check to see if it’s impacted by the recall on the Kids II Inc. website. WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON: If you get a call from these area codes, don’t respond Deputies respond to accidental shooting at Oldsmar movie theater Target 8: Junk pile in neighborhood grows, Hillsborough man asks ‘where is the county?’ Police say couple staged murder with ketchup, texted photos Woman claiming relationship with Tim Tebow arrested in Florida >> back to WFLA.com for more top stories Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Posts Rattles recalled after reports of children gagging on small parts Children’s scooter recalled for fall hazard Little Tikes recalls toddler swings after injuries to children Pier 1 Imports recalls chairs due to fall hazard Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WFLA.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WFLA.com More On Your Side News Speed Busters: Group wants action taken on speeding problem in Seminole Heights neighborhood 2:24 pm Hampton Terrace Community Association President Brian Frey and Vice President Bill Truett are tired of seeing cars crash through their neigh… Hyundai recalls 978,000 cars; seat belts can come loose 8:28 am Hyundai is recalling nearly 978,000 cars in the U.S. because the front seat belts could detach in a crash and fail to hold people. Lakeland homeowner has special reason to file lawsuit over possibly contaminated land 1:53 pm We’re hearing directly from the homeowner at the center of a federal lawsuit that claims thousands of Lakeland homes are sitting on a toxic … Polk homeowners express fear, others disbelief over contamination lawsuit March 15, 2017 Uncertainty now surrounds two upscale subdivisions in Lakeland following the filing of a federal lawsuit. Find Stories By Date March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WFLA.com © 1998-2017 www.wfla.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Tampa Weather Traffic 8 On Your Side Sports Station Contact Us Meet Our Team WFLA / WTTA TV Schedule WFLA Experts Health Advisors Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms WFLA FCC Public File WFLA EEO Report WTTA FCC Public File WTTA EEO Report Children’s TV Report Closed Captioning Advertise with us Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Fire damage to home under renovation estimated at $200,000 RCMP: Sooke man in organized crime, victim of targeted killing First doctor thrown out of B.C. Medical Services Plan loses court case Esquimalt gas station robbed, paramedic attacked at hospital; man faces charges NDP’s lead over Liberals widens slightly in latest poll data Colwood Corners project rolls in fall Review: ‘Work in progress’ musical BlissKrieg needs attention Adrian Chamberlain / Times Colonist March 11, 2017 06:00 AM   What: BlissKrieg (Spark Festival) Where: Belfry Theatre When: Final show tonight. Spark Festival continues to March 26. Full schedule at sparkfestival.ca     Since 2004, Victoria’s Atomic Vaudeville has staged outrageous cabarets, musicals and more. One of the company’s greatest hits is Ride the Cyclone. It had a critically acclaimed run in Chicago and, playing off-Broadway in 2016, was cited by the New York Times as one of the year’s top picks. Atomic Vaudeville’s latest offering is BlissKrieg, a 90-minute musical co-directed by Britt Small and Jacob Richmond. The driving creative forced behind Ride the Cyclone, Richmond is also the show’s dramaturge. The show is mostly the creation of Alex Wlasenko, who wrote the bulk of the book and collaborated on a score with Hank Pine. Before Thursday’s performance, Small explained to the audience that BlissKrieg is a “work in progress.” Bugs are being worked out; it will be tweaked and prodded and sections will be rewritten. A festival of new work such as the Belfry’s Spark Festival gives audiences the chance to have a sneak preview. What we saw on Thursday is a musical that still needs a lot of work. Certainly there were bright moments. Rielle Braid is a fine singer/actor who can grip us by the lapels with her big — and often thrilling — voice. Another stand-out is R.J. Peters, imbuing the proceedings with a pleasingly seedy gravitas. Ditto for the charming Madeleine Humeny, a very promising actor who knows how to make a character (notably a 1930s-era Dust Bowl woman) her very own. However, as it stands, BlissKrieg is a bit of a mish-mash, lacking in focus and, at times, coherency. Two key characters are Braid, who plays Tilda, and Ming Hudson, portraying Tilda’s daughter Jingwei. Tilda explains she’s one of the “Jimmy Jammers” — a cultish tribe that, for some reason, is obsessed with Jimmy Stewart. Jingwei is a gothy teen with black lipstick who dreams of running a vampire sex club. She’s an odd, brainy kid with fantasy crushes on such unlikely candidates as filmmakers George A. Romero and Werner Herzog as well as surrealist artist Marcel Duchamp. The introduction of Tilde and Jingwei — who happen to be time travellers — is followed by a disjointed patchwork of scenes. The notion (if I have it right) is that this is Jingwei’s “show,” which she’s showing her mom. Or something like that. One of the strongest routines is a spoof of The Music Man. Wearing a straw boater and red-striped jacket, Peters plays a Harold Hill-like con-man selling the town on the idea of Walmart. It will, he promises, provide greatest-hits CDs, fast food and discounted tombstones. Theatrically it works, but in terms of satire, it’s pretty soggy stuff. Elsewhere, a couple who are into kinky sex sing about transgender bathrooms and a certain someone who had a Russian prostitute urinate on him. A doorman tells of being fired because of his habit of freestyle rapping. He complains of being replaced by “a rock.” There’s also a robot who tells knock-knock jokes, followed by an appearance by Laika the Russian space dog. Later on, BlissKreig gets more serious, weaving a thread of social responsibility into the skits. A young girl sings about a negative inner voice that saps her confidence. The rapper has a rap battle with his real adversary: himself. A bullied boy is given advice by a visiting character, Gaylord, who wears a bathrobe and a paper crown. Later, the show jumps the shark with an absolutely mystifying bit in which chess pieces execute a cheerleading routine. If it all sounds a bit collegiate, that’s because it is. That could be forgiven if the material was funnier, sharper and less obvious. BlissKreig’s attempts at satire seem more of a de rigueur pose than anything else. Certainly the nihilist wit and absurdity found in such Atomic Vaudeville productions as Legoland and Ride the Cyclone is in short supply. Some of the songs (backed by a recorded soundtrack and a live bass player) are good. Others are just OK. Again, it’s important to mention that theatre — and especially musicals — can require a long gestation period. With hard work, and perhaps some luck, it’s possible BlissKrieg will be remoulded and polished into the wild and hilarious humour fest it aspires to be. achamberlain@timescolonist.com © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next RCMP: Sooke man in organized crime, victim of targeted killing › next Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Esquimalt gas station robbed, paramedic attacked at hospital; man faces charges Sooke man’s death treated as homicide, mother says Colwood Corners project rolls in fall RCMP: Sooke man in organized crime, victim of targeted killing Marina at Songhees taking shape 2 federal judges find new Trump travel ban discriminatory Saanich-based search-and-rescue society target of lawsuit First doctor thrown out of B.C. Medical Services Plan loses court case Les Leyne: Independent MLA bows out after making history How building McKenzie interchange will change Cuthbert Holmes Park Marina at Songhees taking shape B.C. Ferries planning new shuttle-class vessels TSX closes 41 points higher as Canada Goose shares take off in IPO Wrongful dismissal nets fired Oak Bay Marina employee $89,349 New marina taking shape in Victoria Harbour Shuttle ferries may ease overloads UVic Vice President’s Guide to Managing Change Job fair to offer wide range of opportunities Stock markets rise in Asia, Europe; U.S. dollar weakens TSX, Wall Street rally as U.S. Federal Reserve hikes interest rates UVic Vikes hockey team back on title path Sanchez: 'No hard feelings' after Jays renew him at minimum Will Wave wash over Jackson Cup? Kerry Park Islanders hoping for more magic in VIJHL playoffs Province lends helping hand for women's rugby sevens event Longtime NHL coach Mike Keenan hired by Chinese team NHL commissioner Gary Bettman confirms he's had talks with Calgary mayor Junior Gudz shines at inaugural Vikes Performance Tour stop Victoria Royals limping down the stretch Marchand scores league-leading 36th goal, Bruins snap Flames' 10-game win streak Your timescolonist.com More News Cooking with Eric  Eric Akis In Our Backyard: Celery becomes the main event Eric Akis: Hungry for Jamaican heat Eric Akis: Swedish meatballs in gravy Spiritually Speaking  In Times of Hardship, Faith is a Constant Finding the Light in a Dark Winter brings Hope for Spring Purim - the inspiring story of a woman's courage in the face of hatred Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices Posted by Reporter Newspapers on March 11, 2017. Sandy Springs Police blotter, Feb. 10-24 From Sandy Spring police reports Feb. 10 through Feb. 24. The following information was provided by Capt. Steve Rose. Capt. Steve Rose Robbery 7840 Holcomb Bridge Road — On Feb. 23, just before 4 p.m., the SunTrust Bank branch was robbed after a man handed the teller a handwritten note demanding money and threatening violence if the money was not given to him. An undisclosed amount of cash was taken and the suspect placed it in a small cloth bag and left the bank. Burglary 8100 block of Colquitt Road — On Feb. 10, an apartment was burglarized after someone came in through a window. The resident is missing four rings and a watch. 100 block of Cedar Run — On Feb. 11, the resident said someone entered his apartment through a rear window and took a PS4 an, iPad, an iPod Touch, and an HP laptop. 5900 block of Roswell Road — On Feb. 13, about 2:30 a.m. cops were called to a business where they spoke with an employee who said he was working inside when three suspects in white masks attempted to break in. He walked to the door and the three jumped into a white Ford Escape vehicle and fled. 400 block of Heritage Way — On Feb. 13, a witness reported that she saw a car park in front of a neighbor’s home and watched a man get out and walk up to the home. The man later got back into his car and left, only to return a short time later, when he backed his car into the carport, opened the trunk, and then made several trips to and from his car. The officer arrived and found the home had been forcefully entered and several items taken. 7000 block of Blandford Place — On Feb. 14, between 11:30 a.m. and 1:15 p.m., the resident said several pieces of jewelry were taken. Two back doors were unlocked and no forced entry was found. 8100 block of Colquitt Road — On Feb. 14, the resident said someone entered the apartment and took a 32-inch Vizio TV, a PS3, and a laptop. The entry point was most likely a kitchen window. 5700 block of Long Island Drive — On Feb. 16, someone stole a KitchenAid stove, valued at $10,000, from the kitchen area of a home under construction. It appears the crook got inside through the unlocked garage and then dragged the stove back through the garage. 900 block of Johnson Ferry Road — Between Feb. 13 and Feb. 16, someone entered the office and took keys, belonging to the parking entrance machines; $603 in cash was stolen. 5920 Roswell Road — On Feb. 20, just before 3 a.m., two iMac computers were taken from a store. Video showed two men forcing the glass on the door and taking the stolen items. 1110 block of Hammond Drive — On Feb. 23, a construction foreman said that someone entered the east side of a building through an unlocked gate, then forced open two storage areas and took several items. Several rolls of electrical wire were stolen. Theft Fenwick Place — On Feb. 10, the victim said the Veterans Administration shipped her medication to her mailing address on Feb. 7 at 4:30 p.m.; however, it appears the mail was taken before she received it. 100 Embassy Row — On Feb. 10, a 23-year-old student said she left the classroom, leaving her iPad and laptop bag behind. The bag was turned in by one of the staff but the iPad was missing. 2600 block of Spring Creek Lane — On Feb. 11, a 24-year-old man said his car has been stolen although he admitted he was a few payments behind on it. 6690 Roswell Road — On Feb. 11, a 54-year-old man said that following his workout at a gym, he received a text from his bank that a $4,919 charge had been declined at the Apple Store. He checked his wallet, finding that his driver’s license and four credit cards were missing. On Feb. 12, a cab driver said he picked up a woman at the Magic City Strip Club in Atlanta and took her to the Wyndham Hotel on Powers Ferry Road. She said she would get her money she owed from her room. She never returned. 4920 Roswell Road — On Feb. 12, a young woman reported she went to a grocery store and left her iPhone on the self-checkout lane. The store video shows someone picking it up and walking out with it. 5600 Roswell Road — On Feb. 12, before 10 p.m., the manager of a sports bar reported that a party of four ran out on a $72 tab. All four ran in different directions and absconded from the restaurant. 1145 Hammond Drive — On Feb. 13, a 36-year-old woman said someone stole makeup from her hotel room. 300 block of Winding River Drive — On Feb. 14, a man reported that his ex-girlfriend stole his computer tablet and changed the passwords on three Google accounts. She also sent his new girlfriend an email. A woman called police to say that she purchased a car off Craigslist and believed it to be stolen. The officer checked it and it was indeed stolen from DeKalb County. The car was impounded. 5600 block of Roswell Road — On Feb. 15, a 58-year-old woman reported that her 2015 Honda CRV with a NC tag was stolen. It was last seen in front of a tavern at the Prado. 1155 Mt. Vernon Hwy — On Feb. 15, a 63-year-old man reported he accidentally left his cellphone in a store. He left, and then later realized he left it there, then returned to discover that the phone was gone. The phone is a Samsung Edge 7 valued at $700. On Feb. 16, a 16-year-old student reported that while at a baseball game, his wallet and its contents were stolen from his unlocked locker. 500 block of Enclave Circle — On Feb. 16, a 2007 Honda Ridgeline was stolen from the residence. 8100 block of Colquitt Road — On Feb. 16, a maroon 2006 Chevy Malibu was stolen from the apartment parking lot. 8371 Roswell Road — On Feb. 17 ,a 26-year-old employee said that during a slow night at the restaurant where he worked, he sat at the bar doing his taxes and at one point placed his wallet on the bar, then left for a few moments. Someone stole the wallet. 400 block of Pearl Cove Court — On Feb. 17, the victim said his mail was stolen from his mailbox between Feb. 12 and Feb. 17. 7000 block of Princeton Trace — On Feb. 20, someone cut and then stole the copper wiring from 13 light poles at the tennis courts. 5501 Glenridge Drive — On Feb. 23, a 23-year-old man reported that his white 1982 Chevy S-10 was stolen during the night. Thefts from Vehicles Between Feb. 11 and Feb. 14, there were nine thefts from vehicles. Between Feb. 16, and Feb. 23, there were 14 thefts from vehicles. Fraud 5920 Roswell Road — On Feb. 10, security employees at a home improvement  store told officers that two men entered the store and went to the flooring department, where they picked out a carpet. They walked out with the carpet, passed the registers, and then returned to customer service, where they attempted to return the carpet for a refund of $178. They used an ID of a man that matched the ID of another fraudulent return. A 29-year old woman called police and reported that her bank contacted her to notify her that her credit card was being used at a department store. She informed them she was not there and so the purchase was declined. She said that she was at a fast-food restaurant at 6360 Powers Ferry Road, earlier, and believes that her card was traced or copied. She recalled the employee was wiping her card with receipt paper, telling her the card was dirty. She is not sure that the card was copied but thought it was odd. It is more convenient to pay with the debit/credit card, but you inherit the risk. Carry a few bucks in cash.  7000 block of Glisten Ave — On Feb. 10, a 58-year-old woman said she was looking for part-time work and answered an e-mail ad on the internet for a mystery shopper. She was contacted by a woman calling herself Brenda Adkins who sent the victim a check for $3,150, which she deposited in her account that the bank later closed due to the fraudulent activity. Adkins gave a phone number listed in Jacksonville, Fla., and sent the check from Remsen, N.Y. You should already have recognized this as a scam setup. It sounds like she deposited the check before sending funds along to a second address. Although her account was shut down from fraudulent investigation, she didn’t lose money, according to the report. A 25-year-old man said someone opened several accounts in his name, nine total. Two were with the Department of Education. A 77-year-old man reported that someone opened a credit account at a department store in his name. He believes that someone took mail from his box in mid-January. An employee at a business at the Concourse said he received a fraudulent email, disguised as an email from the owner, requesting W-2 forms for his 13 employees. The email was sent to the email address. Later, the same email requested a payment to a separate account number, which made the complainant suspicious. He then found out the email had been sent from someone other than the owner and was not displayed, but rather only listed the owner’s name in the “from” slot. On Feb. 19, just before 6 p.m., a 35-year-old woman said she received a phone call from an out-of-state number and spoke to a man with a heavy accent, described as Spanish, who said her husband had been in an accident and they were holding him until she paid them money. She went to a grocery store at 5630 Roswell Road and wired $1,000 to a woman in Puerto Rico. Once she sent the money, she called her husband and found that he was not being held or had been in an accident. OK, I know what you women are saying right now. “I would have said, ‘Keep him. He’s not worth $1,000. Yuk-yuk.’” Well, at least my wife said that. Sadly, so many people are easily duped. Too bad. Here is a good philosophy when dealing with unsolicited conversation asking for your money: Be politely skeptical and ask questions. Usually, scammers are not so good at answering multiple questions. On the Feb. 17, a 54-year old woman received a call from someone she described as having an Indian accent, who said she was with IRS. She was told she needed to pay $2600 or warrants would be served. Unfortunately, she complied and went to Wal-Mart and purchased iTunes Cards for that amount. 5900 block of Roswell Road — On Feb. 21, a 17-year-old said he placed an ad on an internet sales site to sell a set of stereo speakers. A man named “Shawn” contacted him and made arrangements to meet. He gave the victim a $240 check and showed him an Alabama driver’s license. The check came back as fraudulent a couple of days later and the driver’s license was a fake, too. The victim did say the man was in an 18-wheeler and apparently making a delivery. A 57-year-old woman said she answered an internet ad for work and was contacted by an HR person looking to expand into the Atlanta area. The victim received a check for $2,450with instructions to send $2,400 of it to another account.  She later received a check for $3,650 with similar instructions, but now she was suspicious. She received numerous text messages threatening legal action if she did not forward money. She was informed by her bank that $2,400 was being deducted from her account and it was now closed due to fraudulent activity. I’m hoping that most of you realized this scam early on, since they are frequently listed in my reports. That little light bulb up there represents when you should have recognized the scam, being an unsolicited check sent to you with instructions to keep some, but send the rest to a separate address. A 40-year old limo driver reported that he was hired by a man to make a couple of round trips to Milledgeville, Ga., with several stops in between. He later found the credit card used was stolen. The value of the trips totaled $1,240. Arrests 5610 Roswell Road — On Feb. 10, security officers at a discount department store observed a man who picked up a iRobot Vacuum Cleaner and left the store without paying for it. Officers were notified and were at the store when the man walked out. He was detained and then arrested on felony shoplifting charges. It appears this is connected to previous vacuum cleaner thefts at this and other locations by more than one person. The person arrested was wanted in DeKalb County for shoplifting as well. On Feb. 12, following a traffic stop on Roswell Road, the driver was found to have two outstanding warrants from Atlanta Police on traffic charges. He was turned over to APD. On Feb. 16, an officer responding to a suspicious car on Hammond Drive detected an odor of marijuana from the car after the driver rolled the window down. The passenger was cited for possession (8 oz.) but the driver was jailed after a warrant was found on his record, from Franklin County. 6120 Peachtree-Dunwoody Road — On Feb. 18, about 6 p.m., officers were called to a hotel to meet the staff to investigate drug use inside two rooms. The staff initially tried to investigate but the guests refused to let them in. The officers went to the rooms and entered, smelling marijuana and located the guests, who, surprisingly, were packing up to leave. One of the guests was on parole and probation on a felony burglary charge, and was not supposed to be involved with alcohol or drugs, which he was. He was also in possession of a 9mm gun, stolen from South Carolina. He was jailed on several felony charges. 5610 Roswell Road — On Feb. 20, loss prevention staff at a discount department store watched a male take two box sets of cards and conceal them, then try and leave the store. He was arrested for the $89 theft. Other Things Gettysburg Place and Roberts Drive — On Feb. 11, just after midnight, a traffic sergeant observed a car on Ga. 400 in the northbound emergency lane moving at about 95 mph. The car exited onto Northridge where the police unit lit up the blue lights. The car then fled. The sergeant, having only traffic charges, terminated the stop when he realized the car was accelerating to elude him. Minutes later, the sergeant drove up on the car at Dunwoody Lakes/Dunwoody Hills Condos, where it had wrecked into the brick sign; he found that the driver fled. A passing motorist said she saw a male running into the woods. A search was initiated but the driver was not located. Inside the car were a couple of grams of cocaine, pills, syringes, a cellphone and $4. A .22-caliber Rohm pistol also was recovered. An 18-year-old woman reported that someone, whom she did not know, knocked on her door. She believes the man is involved in drugs. Furthermore, she said her cousin owes this person around $800, although she’s not sure it’s for drugs. The man has consistently hounded her for this debt to be paid and offered to erase the debt in exchange for sex, something she will not do. A 27-year-old man said he was driving on Abernathy beneath Ga. 400 on Feb. 12. He has a rear window with the following writing: “No Ban, No War, No Trump.” A truck pulled up next to him and a man yelled obscenities at him, including the dreaded f-word. The driver of the truck then accelerated, causing exhaust smoke to obscure the man’s view. Both vehicles pulled onto Williamson Road. The truck then made a U-turn and drove away, again dispensing exhaust smoke. The man in the car took, or said he took, a photo. The tag on the truck came out to a nearby address. The officer spoke with the person at the house the truck was registered to. The man acknowledged seeing the car and writing on the window, but he and his passenger denied making those statements. 8200 block of Roswell Road — On Feb. 12, around 7 p.m., a patrol officer spotted a man in the center of Northridge Road, picking up items from the road. The officer stopped and spoke to the man, and noticed he was bleeding about the side of his head. A car stopped at a nearby gas station and that driver exited and appeared to be upset with the man who was in the center of the road. Turns out the man had taken a taxi from Stone Mountain to Sandy Springs and refused to pay the $120 fare, then jumped from the moving car. He claimed the driver pushed him out of the moving car, from the back seat. Neither man was arrested. The injured man declined medical attention. A woman reported that she received a Valentine’s card at her office. The card had a rather lame poem but an excerpt read: “I would like to be our Valentine. I want to be our moon cause cool, calm, and always there.” She said the note was delivered with chocolate and flowers. 6650 Roswell Road — On Feb. 17, cops responded to a restaurant and met with the manager, who said a couple purchased shots of liquor but now refused to pay. The man said the shots were too expensive. He said the bartender offered the shots for free and he therefore, would not pay. The officer said if he did not, he would be arrested for stealing the liquor. The man said he would rather go to jail than pay. About Reporter Newspapers Mail | More Posts (3402) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Recent Posts Voters Guide: Kurt Wilson Voters Guide: Ron Slotin Voters Guide: Andre Pollard Voters Guide: Jon Ossoff Voters Guide: William Llop Community Links City of Atlanta City of Brookhaven City of Brookhaven – Calendar of Events City of Dunwoody City of Dunwoody – Calendar of Events City of Sandy Springs City of Sandy Springs – Community Calendar City of Sandy Springs – Public Meeting Calendar CVB of Dunwoody – Things to do in Dunwoody Sandy Springs Hospitality & Tourism My Tweets Quick Links Facebook Search Our Archives Twitter Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices © 2017, ↑ Reporter Newspapers Log in- Posts - Add New - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes Sign up for our NewsMails Enter your email and stay on top of local news!
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Here's how much you have to earn to be in the 1% in the wealthiest US cities CNBC Kathleen Elkins 5 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 9 things that crush the value of your home The Russian oligarchs buying up the world © Provided by CNBC Just how much do the wealthiest of the wealthy earn? In the Jackson, Wyoming metro area, you have to make a minimum of $1.65 million a year to be in the one percent, whereas in the New York, New York metro area you need to pull in $672,795. The Jackson metro area includes Teton County, Wyoming, which has been called a playground for the rich. Among its wealthy residents are Dick Cheney and Wal-Mart heiress Christy Walton. The numbers come from the Economic Policy Institute (EPI), which examines income inequality across U.S. states and cities and published its findings in a 2016 report. It presents the highest income thresholds required to be part of the top one percent by metropolitan area. Click through the slideshow to see how you stack up in these 15 cities. © Provided by CNBC 15. New York, New York Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $672,795 14. Dickinson, North Dakota Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $674,032 13. Edwards, Colorado Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $680,688 © Provided by CNBC 12. Boulder, Colorado Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $683,648 11. Hailey, Idaho Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $690,535 10. Boston, Massachusetts Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $701,776 © Provided by CNBC 9. Key West, Florida Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $773,711 8. San Francisco, California Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $785,946 7. Midland, Texas Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $885,806 © Provided by CNBC 6. Naples, Florida Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $959,229 5. San Jose, California Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $964,238 4. Williston, North Dakota Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $1,066,541 © Provided by CNBC 3. Summit Park, Utah Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $1,206,863 2. Bridgeport, Connecticut Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $1,390,965 1. Jackson, Wyoming Annual income required to be in the top 1%: $1,650,902  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money AdChoices Tax Tips from TurboTax Where's My Refund:Top 5 Reasons It's Been Delayed Self-Employed Less Than a Year: How to Do Your Taxes Taxes for Grads: Do Scholarship Count as Taxable Income Year-Round Financial Tips To Make Taxes a Breeze Don't Fear the Tax Man: Handling IRS Letters Notices AdChoices More from CNBC The cost of mental clutter CNBC At 12, ‘Sitcom Kid’ Albert Tsai Dreams of Stanford and ‘Shark Tank’ CNBC How one five-minute phone call made me $11,000 richer CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The truth about American wages The Hill Nina Turner, opinion contributor 5 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 9 things that crush the value of your home The Russian oligarchs buying up the world © Provided by The Hill The truth about American wages Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not necessarily represent the views of MSN or Microsoft. Quotes in the article Nissan Motor Co Ltd NSANY ▼ 19.93 -0.21 -1.02% Kelly Services Inc KELYB = 21.50 0.00 0.00% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 64.64 -0.11 -0.17% McDonald's Corp MCD ▲ 127.98 +0.10 +0.08% AdChoices My grandmother used to say, "You can put truth in the river five days after a lie; truth is gone catch up." Well, here's the truth: The working men and women of this country are working more jobs and more hours, and they're still barely hanging on. Beneath those fingertips, they can feel that middle-class dream - the American dream - slipping right away from them. It's time for President Trump to do something about it. I come from Ohio. It's where I was born, and it's where my roots run deep. We are humble, proud and hard-working people who've been battered by the twin storms of globalization and greed. This past weekend, I was in another state full of humble, proud, and hard-working people; I marched with workers from the Nissan plant in Canton, Miss. For decades, manufacturing provided millions of Ohioans and Mississippians a solid roadway to the middle class. A family breadwinner could work full time and earn enough money to buy a home, put the kids through college, and enjoy a secure retirement. But today, 600,000 American manufacturing workers make less than $9.60 per hour - barely more than they could earn at a fast food joint. And their real wages dropped nearly 4.5 percent from 2003 to 2013. They are barely hanging on. We marched in Canton because Nissan isn't giving its workers the dignity and respect they earn every single day along that assembly line. They are furloughed for the equivalent of months throughout the year, killing plans for homeownership. They don't have a predictable schedule, putting college tuition for their kids out of reach. They've even had their pensions frozen, making dreams of retirement seem more like a cruel joke than an attainable goal. And that's just the full-time workers. Nissan uses a temp company, Kelly Services, to fill almost half the jobs at the plant. Temp workers there receive $12 an hour plus the promise that after a certain time, they'll become full Nissan employees. But many of them languish for years. To make matters worse, this poverty-wage business model is paid for by our tax dollars. In fact, Nissan and Kelly Services have scooped up more than $3 billion in federal contracts and loans. That means our government is helping keep American factory workers in poverty jobs while corporate executives get to pocket billions in profits. This isn't just happening in Canton. Right now, the U.S. government is America's No. 1 low-wage job creator, funding more than 2 million poverty jobs across the country through contracts, loans and grants with private corporations. That's more than McDonald's and Wal-Mart combined. And when federal contractors like Nissan and Kelly Services illegally violate the rights of their workers to organize, they're passing poverty from generation to generation. So you can understand why Ohioans and Mississippians sat up and listened when Donald Trump promised that he would bring manufacturing back; that he would create more jobs and better wages. Everyday Americans took him at his word. And now it's time to hold him accountable. It's time for President Trump to guarantee that the only companies doing business with the federal government are the ones that pay living wages, provide safe work environments and benefits, and don't fight their workers when they want to form a union. We know that he can do this, because he's done it before. Workers at the Trump International Hotel - a federally owned property - were allowed to form a union shortly after President Trump was elected. It's time to demand that other federal contractors do the same thing. Grandma was right. The truth always does catch up. And the truth of the matter is this: President Trump made us a promise. It's a promise that we all need to ensure that he keeps - for our workers, for our families and for the future we all share. Nina Turner is a former Ohio state senator and board member of Good Jobs Defenders. The views of contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Hill Sen. Susan Collins comes out against House GOP healthcare bill The Hill State Dept: Israel will not see foreign aid cuts under Trump budget plan The Hill Dem senator: Trump has lost credibility over wiretap claims The Hill The Hill View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out British Columbia LIVE Vancouver CBC News Vancouver at 6 Watch Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada BC B.C. researchers race to find the source of microplastics choking the world's oceans Groundbreaking research into one of the world's most complex pollution problems is underway at B.C. labs By Greg Rasmussen, CBC News Posted: Mar 11, 2017 2:00 AM PT Last Updated: Mar 11, 2017 4:17 PM PT Researchers who have been testing oysters from different parts of the B.C. coast are finding microplastic fibres in almost every one of shellfish samples. (Mike McArthur/CBC) Greg Rasmussen National Reporter Greg Rasmussen is a National Reporter for CBC news based in Vancouver. He's covered news stories across Canada and around the world for more than two decades. Related Stories Microplastics entering the food chain Microplastics found in supermarket fish, shellfish Researchers sound alarm over millions of tonnes of plastic dumped into oceans 'An issue around the world': Arctic microplastics study hopes to 'not see much at all' Canadian Wildlife Federation demands more be done about plastic in our water Uncharted waters: researchers tag 3,000 shellfish to study microplastics in B.C. External Links Vancouver Aquarium Ocean Pollution Research Program Vancouver Island University Centre for Shellfish Research (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) Scientists are growing increasingly concerned about microplastics in water and in the food chain, but they face some daunting challenges in the race to uncover the sources of the problem. "We're encountering a pollutant unlike any pollutant we've ever seen before," says Dr. Peter Ross, director of ocean pollution research at the Vancouver Aquarium. "This is not a chemical pollutant, it's a structural pollutant." Recent samples his team have taken off the B.C. coast contained up to 25,000 plastic particles and fibres in just one cubic metre of water. Yes, some of it comes from plastic bags, foam packaging, cigarette butts and other remnants of the millions of tonnes of plastic debris slowly breaking down in the world's oceans.  But there are some surprising sources, too, like laundry. This water sample taken by researchers in B.C.'s Strait of Georgia contained an average of 3,200 plastic particles per cubic metre of ocean. Other samples off Vancouver contained up to 25,000 particles. (Vancouver Aquarium) "A single sweater could release as much as 10,000 particles of microplastic fibres," said Ross. "That's getting into the wastewater stream, and you have a million or two million people doing such laundry — it adds up." Sewage treatment plants may hold answers But no one knows yet how washing your favourite fleece jacket fits into the bigger picture. To find out, Ross is working with sewage treatment plants to measure the number and types of fibres in the water coming in, and later sampling the treated water as it flows out into the Fraser River to compare. What they find could lead to changes in filtering techniques at treatment plants. Water sampling is also being done out in the open ocean, revealing a mix of fibres and other microplastics, defined as anything smaller than five millimetres in size. It's a global issue, so everyone has an interest in reducing the amount of plastic being added to the world's waterways. One estimate puts it at the equivalent of a garbage truckload every minute. At this rate, by 2050 there will be more plastic in the ocean than fish. Microplastics at 'alarming levels' in Canadian lakes and rivers Plastics dumped in world's oceans estimated at 8M tonnes annually To home in on the problem, technicians at the Vancouver Aquarium lab recently began using a $325,000 infrared spectrometer like the kind usually found in crime labs. It can identify the type of plastic from tiny samples. 'It's not going to give us the exact fingerprint," says Ross. "It won't say 'Walmart fleece made in China,' but it will confirm it is plastic, give us the category, tell us about additives and sometimes actually a manufacturer." MEC funding research Vancouver-based Mountain Equipment Co-op has a long track record of trying to reduce the ecological footprint of its products. Many in Canada's clothing industry worry that fleece, like this raw material at MEC's Vancouver test facility, could be a major source of microplastics. (Tristan Le Rudulier/CBC) Jeff Crook, MEC's chief product officer says microplastics are on the radar of a number of outdoor speciality retailers including MEC and Patagonia. The co-operative says it's leading Canadian efforts on the retail side to look for solutions. "We can work upstream with manufacturers, as we've done in different periods of our history, to change the way things are made, either the materials going into them or construction, manufacturing methods." Interviewed at the company's product testing lab, Crook said the world's multibillion-dollar textile industry likely can reduce its microplastic impact, but the lack of research to date means there's not yet a clear sense of how to go about it. Vancouver Aquarium ocean pollution researcher Peter Ross is working with sewage treatment plants to measure the number and types of fibres in the water coming in. (Glen Kugelstadt/CBC) To help find out, MEC is donating $50,000 to Ross's work on plastics. It's the first time the co-op has directly funded scientific research. The federal Department of Fisheries and Oceans and various universities are also studying the issue. 'We don't know what the risk is' It does seems as though textiles are a significant contributor to microplastics in the oceans. At Vancouver Island University's Nanaimo campus, Dr. Sarah Dudas leads a team dissolving oyster guts in the name of science. Her team harvested thousands of shellfish from multiple locations along the B.C. coast. They use chemicals to break down the organic materials, leaving behind microplastics, which are painstakingly filtered and counted. 'We're finding fibres in almost every shellfish.' - Sarah Dudas, Centre for Shellfish Research "We're finding fibres in almost every shellfish," she says, holding up a piece of the filter paper she uses in her study. When plankton and filter-feeding organisms ingest these plastics, it's a gateway into the food supply. "We don't know what the risk is of microplastics from an ecosystem level or a human consumption level. We don't know a lot about how microplastics might affect food safety or food security," she says. "We have our work cut out for us." This microscopic image shows a tiny zooplankton tangled in a microplastic fibre. Plankton are part of the diet for some bigger fish, give the microplastics a gateway into the food supply. (Vancouver Aquarium) Vancouver Island oyster farmer Keith Reid puts about 12 million oysters onto dinner plates every year. The owner of Odyssey Shellfish says he's supportive of the research. "It's something as an industry we need to know," he says. "Are there microplastics in our oysters? And if there are, what levels are safe?" WATCH | Scientists study impact of microplastics on food chain With files from Glen Kugelstadt Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Vancouver Mostly Cloudy 9°C Kelowna Sunny 10°C Abbotsford Light Rainshower 10°C Prince George Cloudy 4°C Victoria Partly Cloudy 10°C More Weather Latest British Columbia News Rescue underway for four teenagers lost near Grouse Mountain Vancouver Island teenager dies during overnight school trip Critics question effectiveness of probe into banks' sales practices High number of 'close calls' at Highland Valley Copper cause for concern, union says Vancouver woman holds her birthday party at Canadian Blood Services clinic Top News Headlines Europe's mainstream sighs in relief over Dutch election: Margaret Evans Alberta's debt soars to $45B, but budget has no big cuts, no new taxes Critics question effectiveness of probe into banks' sales practices Senator Lynn Beyak stands by residential school remarks, cites 'fake news' Tow-truck driver warned 2 men to seek refuge hours before they died in blizzard Most Viewed Rescue underway for four teenagers lost near Grouse Mountain Man accused of extortion of Amanda Todd sentenced to jail in Netherlands Consumer advocates have low expectations for probe into Canada's 5 big banks Wait ... Vancouver's newest tower goes for how much? Liam Neeson film deemed too outrageous for Alberta park gets to shoot in B.C. Aydin Coban sentenced in Dutch court to 10 years for online fraud, blackmail Emergency C-section saves premature baby after highway crash injures mother, kills father 'We are all doing it': Employees at Canada's 5 big banks speak out about pressure to dupe customers A third of B.C.ers won't tip after poor service, especially if server didn't seem busy: poll Don't Miss Rescue underway for four teenagers lost near Grouse Mountain New Vancouver Island teenager dies during overnight school trip GO PUBLIC Consumer advocates have low expectations for probe into Canada's 5 big banks New High number of 'close calls' at Highland Valley Copper cause for concern, union says Vancouver woman holds her birthday party at Canadian Blood Services clinic Bank watchdog saw surge in complaints about dubious credit card applications months ago UBC hockey team angry TV coverage dropped by Sportsnet Vancouver overdose numbers still high: City of Vancouver West Kelowna blames homeless and seasonal shelter for vandalism spike Deadly history of vaccines highlights how important they are, says author What can Star Trek teach us about sociology? Meet the B.C. boys playing in NCAA basketball's March Madness A third of B.C.ers won't tip after poor service, especially if server didn't seem busy: poll Aydin Coban sentenced in Dutch court to 10 years for online fraud, blackmail Four sheriffs sent to hospital after hazmat incident at Kamloops courthouse Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 14 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest ‘Fat bikes’ allow cyclists to conquer winter snow The bikes, with comically large tires, have come into the mainstream in the past couple of years. Post to Facebook ‘Fat bikes’ allow cyclists to conquer winter snow The bikes, with comically large tires, have come into the mainstream in the past couple of years.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2mcjPUB {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs ‘Fat bikes’ allow cyclists to conquer winter snow David Sharp, Associated Press 10:51 p.m. ET March 10, 2017 A fat tire bicyclist rides on a cross country ski trail during a race in Maine. (Photo: Robert F. Bukaty / AP) 14 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Portland, Maine — Gone are the days when cyclists had to put away their bikes for the winter. These days, hard-core riders are staying outdoors year round thanks to “fat bikes” that allow them to conquer winter’s worst instead of staying indoors on a stationary bike. The bikes, with comically large tires, have come into the mainstream in the past couple of years, after being introduced about a decade ago. John Grondin, 48, of Scarborough, got his fat bike to kick the winter blues. “I wanted to get outside and ride in the winter,” he said. “I like to ride, period. I’ll ride a road bike. I’ll ride a mountain bike. I just want to ride.” The ginormous tires are wide enough to float over snow and bounce over obstacles. Groomed snowmobile trails provide miles and miles of winter riding. Fat bikes represent the first major bicycle trend in several decades, after BMX bikes in the 1970s and conventional mountain bikes in the 1980s, said Jay Townley, partner in Pennsylvania-based Gluskin-Townley Group, a consultant and market research company focusing on the bicycle business. Growth in the segment has provided something to cheer about for bike retailers and has prevented a slide in bike sales, which number about 18 million units a year, he said. “The industry, quite frankly, needed something. If anything, the fat tire bike helped to keep a stable bike industry instead of losing volume,” he said. The NPD Group, which tracks retail sales of bikes in the U.S., reports that fat tire bike sales have grown eightfold in the past three years, to $74.7 million in 2016. The growing popularity can be seen at fat bike races. Every weekend there are races and festivals across the nation’s snowbelt. Dozens of riders braved single-digit temperatures in February for the “Sugarloaf Fat Tire Festival” at Maine’s tallest ski mountain. The bikes aren’t cheap. Purchased at an independent bike shop, they can easily top $1,000, and the price goes up from there. But less-costly versions are being sold these days at big-box retailers like Wal-Mart. Bike shops appreciate the extra business during what’s typically a slow time of the year. The Bar Harbor Bicycle Shop used to close for the winter but is now offering fat bike rentals for riding inside Maine’s Acadia National Park. Cyclists can ride their fat bikes even if there’s a lack of snow that sidelines snowmobiles and cross-country skiers and others winter sports, said shop manager Adam Gariepy. Range Morton, sales manager at Gorham Bike and Ski in Portland, said fat bike sales creep upward when there’s a lack of snow that leads to a corresponding decrease in ski sales. “The fat bikes really help us to get through the winter,” Morton said. “They were a big help last year and this year.” David Crowell, of Laconia, New Hampshire, said riding takes him back to his childhood, except that he couldn’t afford a $5,000 carbon-fiber bike when he was 12. Getting outdoors, there’s a sense of freedom, and perhaps a bit of danger. After all, there’s no way to avoid the occasional spill while bombing around in the snow. Thankfully, riders note, snow hurts less than pavement in a crash. “There’s something about those big fat tires — they tend to put a grin on people’s faces,” Crowell, 47, said. “It’s like being a kid. You’re out there doing something. Maybe you shouldn’t be doing it, but you’re doing it anyway.” 14 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2mcjPUB TOP VIDEOS Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 6 P/SUNNY TOKYO (10 a.m.) Markets 113.44 ¥/$ (10 a.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Trendy 'fat bikes' with extra-wide tires let cyclists plow through snow and mud. | AP Business ‘Fat bikes’ let cyclists conquer snow AP Mar 11, 2017 Article history Online: Mar 11, 2017 Last Modified: Mar 11, 2017 PRINT SHARE PORTLAND, MAINE – Gone are the days when cyclists had to put away their bikes for the winter. These days, hard-core riders are staying outdoors year-round thanks to “fat bikes” that allow them to conquer winter’s worst instead of staying indoors on a stationary bike. The bikes, with comically large tires, have come into the mainstream in the past couple of years, after being introduced about a decade ago. John Grondin, 48, of Scarborough, Maine, got his fat bike to kick the winter blues. “I wanted to get outside and ride in the winter,” he said. “I like to ride, period. I’ll ride a road bike. I’ll ride a mountain bike. I just want to ride.” The ginormous tires are wide enough to float over snow and bounce over obstacles. Groomed snowmobile trails provide endless winter riding. Fat bikes represent the first major bicycle trend in several decades, after BMX bikes in the 1970s and conventional mountain bikes in the 1980s, said Jay Townley, a partner in the Gluskin-Townley Group, a consulting and market research company focusing on the bicycle business. Growth in the segment has provided something to cheer about for bike retailers and has prevented a slide in bike sales, which number about 18 million units a year in America, he said. “The industry, quite frankly, needed something. If anything, the fat tire bike helped to keep a stable bike industry instead of losing volume,” he said. The NPD Group, which tracks retail sales of bikes in the U.S., reports that fat tire bike sales have grown eightfold in the past three years, to $74.7 million in 2016. The growing popularity can be seen at fat bike races. Every weekend there are races and festivals across the nation’s snowbelt. Dozens of riders braved subfreezing temperatures in February for the Sugarloaf Fat Tire Festival at Maine’s tallest ski mountain. The bikes aren’t cheap. Purchased at an independent bike shop, they can easily top $1,000. But less-costly versions are being sold these days at big-box retailers like Wal-Mart. Bike shops appreciate the extra business during a slow time of the year. The Bar Harbor Bicycle Shop used to close for the winter but is now renting fat bikes for riding inside Maine’s Acadia National Park. Cyclists can ride even when a lack of snow prevents snowmobiling, cross-country skiing and other winter sports. Range Morton, sales manager at Gorham Bike and Ski in Portland, Maine, said sales of fat bikes creep upward when a lack of snow leads to a decrease in ski sales. “The fat bikes really help us to get through the winter,” Morton said. “They were a big help last year and this year.” David Crowell of Laconia, New Hampshire, said riding takes him back to his childhood, though now he can afford a $5,000 carbon-fiber bike. Getting outdoors, there is a sense of freedom and perhaps a bit of danger. After all, there is no way to avoid the occasional spill while bombing around in the snow. Thankfully, snow hurts less than pavement. “There’s something about those big fat tires — they tend to put a grin on people’s faces,” said Crowell, 47. “It’s like being a kid. You’re out there doing something. Maybe you shouldn’t be doing it, but you’re doing it anyway.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords cycling, fat bikes Business Stability of ailing Westinghouse parent Toshiba is vital, U.S. tells Japan Yamato Transport eases hours of service for drivers Tokyo court clears ex-Novartis employee of Diovan drug ad exaggeration charge Japanese-U.S. consortium eyed to buy Toshiba chip biz so Asia rivals can’t Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now For many young Japanese, marriage — and sex — are low priorities Millennial movers revive Japanese mountain towns amid depopulation ‘Strange’ hotel, run by robots, opens near Tokyo; more to come Seeing Ainu as they want to be seen Finding a family in Japan’s foreign drag scene Time to treat English teachers as professionals War of words erupts between Inada and head of Osaka school operator Headphone batteries explode on flight to Australia Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Log In 0 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in 911 calls (March 11, 2017) Friday Mar 10, 2017 at 7:07 PM Mar 10, 2017 at 7:07 PM The Record Sheriff’s Office There were 71 bookings at the San Joaquin County Jail in the 24 hours ending at 8 a.m. Friday. At that time, there were 1,323 people held at the jail, which has an official capacity of 1,665. When the jail is full, some inmates may be released early. Stockton Police Carjacking: Two men with knives approached another man about 6 a.m. Friday in a parking lot in the 400 block of South Wilson Way. The knife-wielding men took property from the victim and fled in his gray 2002 Honda Civic. Weapons arrest: Officers checked out a vehicle that was parked in the 500 block of East Oak Street shortly after 12:30 p.m. Friday. They conducted a search after determining the driver was on probation. Inside the vehicle, they found a loaded handgun and a box of ammunition. Laron Wilkins, 24, was arrested on suspicion of gun possession crimes and for two felony warrants. Lodi Police Robbery: Ruby Cortez, 32, and Steve Ortega, 33, were arrested on suspicion of robbery Friday in the 200 block of West Elm Street. Cortez and Ortega were wanted in connection with a robbery that occurred at a Walmart store in January. Auto theft: An officer driving a patrol car equipped with automated license plate reader about 9 p.m. Thursday was alerted to a stolen vehicle. The officer followed it. The driver jumped out of the moving vehicle as it rolled into a front yard in the 200 block of First Street. The suspect escaped but has been identified. Stockton Fire The Stockton Fire Department responded to 112 calls for service in the 24 hours ending at 8 a.m. Friday, including eight vehicle accidents, 84 medical calls and one structure fire.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 23° Partly cloudy High: 30° | Low: 13° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Outdoors Posted March 10 Updated March 10 increase font size Fat bikes allow northern cyclists to conquer winter snow The bikes, with their comically large tires, have come into the mainstream during the past couple of years. By DAVID SHARPAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article Gone are the days when cyclists had to put away their bikes for the winter. These days, hard-core riders are staying outdoors year-round thanks to “fat bikes” that allow them to conquer winter’s worst instead of staying indoors on a stationary bike. The bikes, with comically large tires, have come into the mainstream in the past couple of years, after being introduced about a decade ago. A fat tire bicyclist rides on a cross country ski trail. Associated Press/Robert F. Bukaty A fat tire bicyclist rides on a cross country ski trail during a race at the Sugarloaf ski resort in Carrabassett Valley. The mountain bikes with comically large tires have been around for a decade, but they've come into the mainstream in the past five years. Research firm The NPD Group says sales have grown eightfold over the past three years. Associated Press/Robert F. Bukaty Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → John Grondin, 48, of Scarborough got his fat bike to kick the winter blues. “I wanted to get outside and ride in the winter,” he said. “I like to ride, period. I’ll ride a road bike. I’ll ride a mountain bike. I just want to ride.” The ginormous tires are wide enough to float over snow and bounce over obstacles. Groomed snowmobile trails provide miles and miles of winter riding. Fat bikes represent the first major bicycle trend in several decades, after BMX bikes in the 1970s and conventional mountain bikes in the 1980s, said Jay Townley, partner in Pennsylvania-based Gluskin-Townley Group, a consultant and market research company focusing on the bicycle business. Growth in the segment has provided something to cheer about for bike retailers and has prevented a slide in bike sales, which number about 18 million units a year, he said. “The industry, quite frankly, needed something. If anything, the fat tire bike helped to keep a stable bike industry instead of losing volume,” he said. The NPD Group, which tracks retail sales of bikes in the U.S., reports that fat tire bike sales have grown eightfold in the past three years, to $74.7 million in 2016. The growing popularity can be seen at fat bike races. Every weekend there are races and festivals across the nation’s snowbelt. Dozens of riders braved single-digit temperatures in February for the “Sugarloaf Fat Tire Festival” at Maine’s tallest ski mountain. The bikes aren’t cheap. Purchased at an independent bike shop, they can easily top $1,000, and the price goes up from there. But less-costly versions are being sold these days at big-box retailers such as Wal-Mart. Bike shops appreciate the extra business during what’s typically a slow time of the year. The Bar Harbor Bicycle Shop used to close for the winter but is now offering fat bike rentals for riding inside Acadia National Park. Cyclists can ride their fat bikes even if there’s a lack of snow that sidelines snowmobiles and cross-country skiers and other winter sports, said shop manager Adam Gariepy. Range Morton, sales manager at Gorham Bike and Ski in Portland, said fat bike sales creep upward when there’s a lack of snow that leads to a corresponding decrease in ski sales. “The fat bikes really help us to get through the winter,” Morton said. “They were a big help last year and this year.” David Crowell of Laconia, New Hampshire, said riding takes him back to his childhood, except that he couldn’t afford a $5,000 carbon-fiber bike when he was 12. Getting outdoors, there’s a sense of freedom, and perhaps a bit of danger. After all, there’s no way to avoid the occasional spill while bombing around in the snow. Thankfully, riders note, snow hurts less than pavement in a crash. “There’s something about those big fat tires – they tend to put a grin on people’s faces,” said Crowell, 47. “It’s like being a kid. You’re out there doing something. Maybe you shouldn’t be doing it, but you’re doing it, anyway.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Wells boys' hockey players left out in the cold Flame-throwers are tending to flame out Former officer, Hallowell reach settlement in case Chimpanzees given their day in court NFL notebook: Butler meets Saints but no deal reached Blind Maine woman, guide dog booted from flight over seating Nor'easter blasts Maine with blizzard conditions, leaves thousands without power Daniel Lilley, respected and tenacious Maine defense attorney, dies at 79 Portland meatball restaurant closes Two drivers critically injured in wrong-way crash on I-95 Now there's proof daylight saving time is dumb, dangerous and costly Daniel Lilley, respected and tenacious Maine defense attorney, dies at 79 Blind Maine woman, guide dog booted from flight over seating South Portland struggles with identity as city's population evolves Classified documents show troubling efforts by Russia to influence election, Sen. King says BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
The Spoof News Spoof news homepage ☰ Spoof NewsNews US HeadlinesUS UK HeadlinesUK World NewsWorld EntertainmentGossip Science & TechSci Tech SportSport BusinessBusiness Magazine ☰ Spoof XtraMore Spoof news archive On this day Snippets Jokes Fake Celebrity Diaries Discussion forum ☰ WritersWriters Top writers chart Writer search A-Z of writers Become a writer Search🔍   Kellyanne Conway: "I'm a transgender woman, I have an alternate vagina." Written by Catchthisdrift Topics: Donald Trump, Transgender, sexuality, Kellyanne Conway Thursday, 9 March 2017 Conway before she became transgender. Kellyanne Conway, a Counselor to President Trump, yesterday during an interview with the Wichita Weekly Shopper admitted she is a transgender woman and has an "alternate vagina." Ms. Conway says she has been transgender since she was an infant, saying "my parents used to say "coochie coochie coochie" to me, which I think awoke my feelings that I was in fact a female trapped in a male body." Conway went on to explain that "coochie" is a term for a vagina, so she was essentially hearing "vagina vagina vagina" for the first year of her life. Ms. Conway said she had not been planning on announcing her being transgender, but during a stop at Walmart, which insists that people use the restroom aligned with their biological sex, she was forced to use the men's room. "People saw me go in the men's room, which I guess seemed out of place to them given my long flowing locks of golden curls." Although Ms. Conway says she is not ashamed of being transgender, she is going to try to keep that fact from her boss so she can continue to use the ladies room at work. Make Catchthisdrift's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register, the thumbs are just down there!) The story above is a satire or parody. It is entirely fictitious. Do you dream of being a comedy news writer? Click here to be a writer! Follow @thespoof RSS Follow us on Twitter More by this writer Related Stories... Trump Offers Evidence That Obama Spied On Him--Even Though Trump Doesn't Know What "Evidence" Really Is 08 March 17 Trump Fires Science 07 March 17 Trump forms plan to combat antisemitism based on Breitbart claim about love for pork being root of issue 07 March 17 Trump midnight tweet rants exposed:  Post poopie depression! 07 March 17 Australian traffic-light gender bender lights cause confusion! 07 March 17 Trump Demands Mayans Tear Down Temples To Build Wall 06 March 17 Clinton still "dazed and confused" after loss to Trump, friend says 05 March 17 Bill Cosby-Watchers Concerned About Bill's Tweeting 05 March 17 Mailing List Get Spoof News in your email inbox! Email: What's 4 plus 3? 9 21 7 15 Shared Pick Read Rated Can't decide? Get a random spoof news story! You are here: Spoof News / US Headlines / Kellyanne Conway: "I'm a transgender woman, I have an alternate vagina." Discussion Forum Become a writer! 63 readers are online right now! email password Go to top Spoof news US Headlines World News Entertainment Science & Tech Sport Business Magazine   UK News Visit TheSpoof UK Spoof Xtra Snippets Jokes Fake celebrity diaries Caption competition More funny sites Get spoof news emails RSS Feeds Discussion forum Our writers Top writers chart Featured writer: Catchthisdrift Become a spoof writer Writer search A-Z of writers Writers login   Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Archive Search The Spoof Spoof news archive On this day Hot spoof news Random story About About The Spoof Site map Copyright © 2017 Spoof Media Ltd. All items on this website are fictitious. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental or is intended purely as a satire, parody or spoof. Please see our terms and conditions and disclaimer. We use cookies to give you the best experience, this includes cookies from third party websites and advertisers. ✔ Continue ? Find out more
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Festival Season Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Greatest of All Time News Music Festivals Dance Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Inside Scott Bradlee's Postmodern Jukebox World 3/11/2017 by Michele Amabile Angermiller FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Adam Berry/Redferns Cristina Gatti, Von Smith, and Sara Niemietz of Scott Bradlee's Postmodern Jukebox perform during a concert at Huxleys Neue Welt on May 25, 2016 in Berlin.  "Think about Motown and Berry Gordy: he brought in the singers that he wanted, matched them with a song and with great musicians, got them all in a room together to make a great record. That’s kind of the tradition that we try to keep alive." It’s a brisk February night in New Brunswick, N.J., and Scott Bradlee, band leader of Postmodern Jukebox, is in front of a packed house at the State Theatre. A native of nearby Hunterdon County, he cracks that he may get a spray tan locally before heading back to California. Earlier in the day, the 35-year-old addressed a room of Rutgers University underclassman and proudly boasted his east coast credentials. Now, Bradlee sits at the piano and bangs out a medley of area-appropriate songs — Bruce Springsteen mixed with Billy Joel, as well as Lady Gaga and Johnny Cash — requested by the audience, before being joined by his stable of PMJ stars, including American Idol alums Casey Abrams (season 10), Brielle Von Hugel (season 14), Robyn Adele Anderson, Jack Dani Armstrong and tap dancer Sarah Reich. Also present in the audience is Idol season four standout Constantine Maroulis, who has recorded a song with the group that has yet to be released. “What I try to do when I’m meeting talent for the first time is get a sense of who they are as an artist,” Bradlee tells Billboard before the nearly sold-out show. “The temptation in the industry is to force people into boxes — because there’s a certain sound that works in pop music. But I feel like I’m doing more old-fashioned A&R. Think about Motown and Berry Gordy: he brought in the singers that he wanted, matched them with a song and with great musicians, got them all in a room together to make a great record. And that’s kind of the tradition that we try to keep alive.” The seeds of Postmodern Jukebox, a retro musical group that uploads throwback versions of current pop hits on YouTube and then releases them as albums on iTunes, were sown in the mid-‘90s when Bradlee, still a student at North Hunterdon High School, decided to try and transform modern songs his friends were listening to into ragtime jams. “My friends were all listening to hip-hop or pop or rock, so I would take a songs by somebody like Sublime, and put it in the styles that I loved and just play it on the piano for them. It was like a fun party trick.” Years later, that schtick morphed into Postmodern Jukebox, Bradlee’s collective of musicians, entertainers, assorted American Idols and one sad clown named Puddles. The group has recorded 13 albums, performing songs like Fountains of Wayne's modern rock hit “Stacy’s Mom,” Meghan Trainor’s “All About That Bass,” The Chainsmokers and Halsey’s No. 1 hit, “Closer,” and Radiohead’s “Creep,” which features Idol season 10 star Haley Reinhart and went viral. Other Idol alums appearing in videos include season six alums, runner-up Blake Lewis and Melinda Doolittle; Von Smith (season eight); Deandre Brackensick (season 11); and Jax, Rayvon Owen and Joey Cook from season 14. Bradlee has extended the PMJ family to other reality show contestants, including The Voice’s Mia Sykes and Belle Jewel. “Scott’s vision of Postmodern Jukebox is not just about vocals, it's about talent and fun and having stage presence,” says Lewis, who is currently on tour with with the group in Europe. “Every single video is live, and it takes some gusto to make music in an overproduced pop world. This is a fun break for me, and a fun hang from my studio and my gig. This puts me in this zone where I can get to be swinging jazz guy and I love it.” “I don’t really speak to my opinions of reality TV but as a casting agency, I found a lot of talent through those means,” Bradlee says. “What I find [is] in some ways it’s like PMJ boot camp for tour because they're used to just going on stage; they have like one shot to just nail a song, and ours is a variety show format [where] ... everybody, everybody has to be on it from like the minute they open their mouth.” The blueprint for PMJ began for Bradlee after he graduated Hartford College and moved to New York City to try his hand as a working musician. “I was trying to make it as a jazz pianist and I couldn’t find any work — nobody was booking me for gigs,” he says. “I saw a lot of people were putting things on YouTube. So I thought, why don’t I do this to one of the things that was near and dear to me, which was playing pop songs as jazz or ragtime.” People watched, and before long, Bradlee sensed he was onto something. “I was blown away by how fast it spread and by the fact that people were engaged and were commenting,” he says. How did PMJ go from video phenomenon to a business, currently touring Europe on its way to Australia and New Zealand? “I run it like a record label and a touring production,” says Bradlee. “It’s also a media company in that we put out all kinds of content that’s targeted at musicians and people that are fans of older styles of music." The demand for PMJ has inspired Bradlee to expand the group’s touring throughout the summer with a co-headlining tour featuring the Atlantic Records a capella group Straight No Chaser. Also on tap: a mammoth October show at Red Rocks, as well as one at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles. PMJ has already performed at such storied venues as Radio City Music Hall, and with an average price point of $55, the group has been averaging sales of a 2,000-capacity, performing at theaters ranging in capacities from 1,500 to 6,000. Adds Bradlee: “We’ve been on four continents so far and my goal is to get it everywhere. I want everybody in every city to experience this kind of show.” Fans are already flocking to the group’s YouTube videos. Reinhart is the reigning queen of video views, with more than 29 million hits on her version of Radiohead’s “Creep."  Her duet with Abrams, an updated jazzy version of Meghan Trainor’s “All About that Bass" (PMJ originally covered the song in 2014 with Kate Davis on the double bass) is just as successful with about 23.5 million views. On the charts, seven of the group's albums landed on the Heatseekers chart, including two top 10s (Twist Is the New Twerk, No. 7 in 2014, and The Essentials, No. 5 in 2016). Postmodern Jukebox also wracked up 13 top 10s on Jazz Albums and 25 top 10s on the Jazz Digital Song Sales chart, including two No. 1s, both featuring Reinhart: “All About That Bass” (four weeks in 2014) and “Creep” (two weeks in 2015). In all, the act has sold 97,000 albums and 283,000 digital downloads in the U.S. through March 2, according to Nielsen Music. They have also earned 66 million on-demand streams, according to Billboard stats. Bradlee is also ready to conquer the publishing world and is in the midst of writing a book about PMJ, he reveals. “I have so many great stories from my own life,” he says .”I got fired from my first job at Walmart because I brought a band to play at the paint counter I was working at. And today, a lot of people in the project are my friends from college. It’s funny to see them on stage at Radio City Music Hall and remember when we were playing a gig at Whole Foods. It just shows how everything can change in five years.” Indeed, Bradlee says that the possibilities — and genres — are endless. “We have a video coming out soon that’s going to be our first metal song,” he says, adding, “It’s a great feeling to kind of wake up each day and be, like, I’m completely in control of this project and can do whatever makes me happy. I don’t have to worry about pleasing the record label. And to know that there’s this fan and artistic community that’s rallied around this cause. It’s a pretty fun adventure.” FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
Healthyish Restaurants + Travel The Hot 10: America’s Best New Restaurants The Foodist City Guides Entertaining + Style Pop Culture Trends + News Menus Holidays Gift Guides Drinks Cocktails Beer Wine Nonalcoholic Tools People Chefs Celebrities Meet Our Team Events Vegas Uncork’d Grub Crawl Feast Or Fashion Chicago Gourmet Feast Portland Promotions Test Kitchen Test Drive How-to Cooking Tips Common Mistakes Cook Like a Pro Ingredients Inside Our Kitchen Video Recipes Quick Recipes Family Meals Healthy Desserts Chicken Recipes Vegetarian Holidays restaurants + travel This Restaurant Is Making Fancy Versions of Your Favorite After-School Snacks Facebook Pinterest Courtesy of Turkey and the Wolf Facebook Twitter Pinterest Email March 11, 2017 By Nikita Richardson Sometimes you need a break from the craziness of this modern age, which is why we're celebrating nostalgic foods this week at BonAppetit.com. When he was growing up in Charlottesville, Virginia, Mason Hereford had something the other kids didn’t. No, not a precocious knack for cooking four-course dinners like a MasterChef Junior contestant. He had a charge account at Maupin Bros., a local convenience store. “My mom would let us get out of the car, go into the gas station, and get whatever the fuck we wanted for breakfast,” says Hereford. “I would eat Doritos and Snickers bars and I loved it. It was the coolest thing a mom could ever do.” Courtesy of Turkey and the Wolf As it turns out, all that salty, MSG-ridden food proved to be an inspiration for Hereford, who grew up, grew a mustache, and eventually landed in New Orleans. There, he found that the service industry satisfied his constant urge to let loose. After making his name as chef de cuisine at the local bistro Coquette, he struck out on his own and, alongside his former girlfriend and business partner Lauren Holton, opened a sandwich shop called Turkey and the Wolf. Together, the pair serve stoner-like takes on nostalgic junk food, much of which shows up on their profane and hilarious Instagram account. An example: Loading View on Instagram This is a restaurant that serves a 40-oz. beer and ice cream drink special (just $6!) and gives snap bracelets to kids who visit. Turkey and the Wolf’s aesthetic comes directly from the mind of Hereford’s mom, who picked up the restaurant’s array of McDonald’s collectible cups, mismatched china plates, and tables at thrift stores in Virginia. Fried Bologna sandwich Courtesy of Turkey and the Wolf And to think, it all began with the 30-year-old chef’s decision to make a more high-brow version of an after-school staple: the fried bologna sandwich. Instead of slapping some Oscar Mayer between two slices of Wonder Bread, Hereford and his chef de cuisine Colleen Quarls opt for smoked bologna from Piece of Meat Butcher’s Leighann Smith, housemade sweet-hot mustard, “shrettuce” (shredded iceberg lettuce), Duke’s mayo, American cheese, and potato chips that are soaked overnight in white vinegar before being deep-fried a second time. Then they squeeze the whole thing between their own white bread, which is made daily at a local bakery. “Once we started messing with the flavors, we decided to make [our food] taste like all our favorite things you get at a gas station,” says Hereford. “Which is literally how I grew up eating.” Fried Pot Pie. Courtesy of Turkey and the Wolf And it only took off from there. In the seven months since Turkey and the Wolf opened, Hereford and his team have found increasingly ridiculous and delicious ways to honor their quirky tastes. There are tostadas (pictured at the top) with corn tortillas made by their dishwasher Migdalia Pavon, served with a French onion dip (caramelized onions, onion powder, dried minced onion, granulated onion, scallion, sour cream, cream cheese, mayonnaise, and granulated chicken-flavored soup mix), and topped with “Doritos dust” broken down in the restaurant’s fancy Robot Coupe food processor—because that’s exactly what Migdalia dunks into her French onion dip at home. (The dust is two parts Nacho Cheese to one part Cool Ranch, in case you were wondering.) “It’s so funny because it’s so redneck American,” Hereford says, adding that anyone can make the Doritos dust “by just stepping on a bag.” Patrons are as jazzed about the restaurant’s mom-style deep-fried pot pies, which are stuffed with slow-cooked chicken and tarragon buttermilk as they are about the Tacos Inauthenticos: headcheese, more “shrettuce,” and American cheese on Migdalia’s corn tortillas. “They taste exactly like fucking Taco Bell,” Hereford says. Alongside the Doritos and American cheese, “we still [source from] farmers and ranchers,” says Hereford. “But we realized that our pantry’s quadrupled in size because we can also buy a weird ingredient from the grocery store and not try to hide it. We’re going to tell people where we got it and we’re going to be pumped to utilize it.” Courtesy of Turkey and the Wolf This drink is called When I Was 10 I Went to School as a Dead Cheerleader for Halloween. Meanwhile, Holton, an award-winning bartender in her own right, is always down to play with whatever Hereford picks up at Walmart or the local gas station. In addition to crafting cocktails with names like When I Was 10 I Went to School as a Dead Cheerleader for Halloween and Ma’am, Don’t Be Hysterical, she’s been known to make spur-of-the-moment cocktails like a SunnyD margarita, which contains the namesake beverage, plus triple sec, lime juice, simple syrup, and tequila. (“Was it good? Sort of. Did it make people happy? Yes,” says Hereford.) Basically, Hereford treats the restaurant as he does its Instagram, the latter of which he calls “a big joke that gotten taken too far.” “That’s a part of me, unfortunately,” says Hereford. “But fortunately at the same time.” See MoreNostalgiaRestaurantsNew Orleans Share this: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Email SEE MORE Subscription Services Contact Bon Appétit Reprints/Permissions Newsletter Signup RSS Feeds Site Map Magazine Archive Condé NastVisit our sister sites- - - - - - - - - - - - - -Condé Nast DigitalAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBridesCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired Condé Nast Store Careers Bon Appétit Media Kit Food Innovation Group: Bon Appétit and Epicurious © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/2014). Bon Appétit may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our affiliate partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Sections News Black History Month Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Stocks Election Coughlin School Work: Wilkes-Barre Area projects Veterans Graduation Amazing Kids Sports Olympics Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Triathlon Hooper Award Classic Wildlife Penn State National Sports Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Opinion Editorials Letters Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Police blotter 3/11/17 Got a news tip? We welcome readers’ input. Send your story ideas or news tips here. (read more) Facebook Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more) Tweets by @CitizensVoice Most Read Recent Comments Residents told 'be patient' as clean up continues Snow total set W-B record Dealerships digging out ahead of expected surge in sales School closures for Friday Dallas School Board candidate objects to public contract negotiations Obituaries Baran Jr., John J. Boberick, Viola Katherine Brodowicz, Bertha E. Brodowicz, Joseph E. Cross, Ronald K. Giambra, Patrick Samuel Gillis, Jerome (Jerry) Heck, Gertrude L. Hendershot Jr., Russell Herron, Christine G. Staff report / Published: March 11, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     W-B police activity Wilkes-Barre police reported the following incidents: • Justin Valenteen, 26, of Swoyersville, was charged with simple assault on Thursday. Police allege that he punched a woman in the face. • Russell Meyer, 25, of Mountain Top, was charged with criminal trespass on Wednesday. Police allegedly found him at an Academy Street residence where he did not have permission to be on the property. Wallet stolen at Wal-Mart A Wilkes-Barre woman told police that someone stole her wallet from a shopping cart as she shopped at Wal-Mart on Thursday in Wilkes-Barre Township. Her driver’s license, cash and a debit card were taken. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
