Saturday, June 10th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Cavs avoid elimination 12:12 a.m. Sat Salinas knocks out Vargas 11:57 p.m. Fri Encarnacion homers as Tribe wins 11:16 p.m. Fri Marlins pound Pirates 10:55 p.m. Fri Selective admission driving YSU's upward enr... 10:55 p.m. Fri 3 break-ins leaves Bessie Jackson, 81, stea... 10:55 p.m. Fri all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home METRO DIGEST || Free parenting series | Print Tweet Published: Sat, June 10, 2017 @ 12:03 a.m. Counterfeit bills AUSTINTOWN Police are looking for suspects accused of spending counterfeit bills at two Walmarts in the area Wednesday. A man and two women purchased items from the Liberty Walmart at 200 Goldie Road using counterfeit bills, police said. They returned those items to the Austintown Walmart at 6001 Mahoning Ave., where they spent six more counterfeit $100 bills along with real currency. The suspects then took those items to the Boardman Walmart at 1300 Doral Drive. Police did not know whether they used counterfeit bills there. The suspects were seen driving a small green SUV. Boardman man arrested in shootout YOUNGSTOWN One of two men wanted after a shootout between neighbors Tuesday prompted a SWAT team assembly on the South Side was arrested Thursday. Teon Stennis, 24, of Boardman, was taken into custody at about 1:30 p.m. on charges of felonious assault, being a felon in possession of a firearm, discharging a firearm at or into a habitation and two traffic warrants from 2016. Police responded at about 4 p.m. Tuesday to East Auburndale after vice squad officers on patrol heard several gunshots and thought two gunmen may be in a home there. A SWAT team was called to search the home but could not find the two men they were looking for. Reports said neighbors across the street were arguing and were shooting at each other. About 15 shell casings were recovered in the street. The incident is still under investigation, police said. Human trafficking SHARON, PA. A man is facing several charges after police said he’s been selling the woman he’s been dating for drug money. Officers arrested Billy Jones, 47, after searching his home at 432 Malleable St. on Friday according to 21 WFMJ-TV, The Vindicator’s broadcast partner. According to a criminal complaint, the 29-year-old woman who lives with Jones told an investigator she started using crack cocaine shortly after she began dating Jones two years ago. Police charged him with strangulation, trafficking in individuals and involuntary servitude. Jones is in the Mercer County Jail on a $100,000 bond. Unattended child WARREN Michael P. Roueche, 24, of Ellsworth Bailey Road in Lords-town pleaded not guilty Friday in Warren Municipal Court to child endangering after a small child was found walking in the 600 block of Trumbull Avenue Southeast unattended. Police received a phone call from a neighbor about the child at 9:04 a.m. Thursday. Roueche is free on bond. Crory Road closing CANFIELD Crory Road at U.S. Route 224 will be closed Monday through Friday for a culvert replacement, the Ohio Department of Transportation has announced. The detour will be Leffingwell Road to Palmyra Road to U.S. Route 224. Free parenting series YOUNGSTOWN Parents of children age 3–8 are invited to join Alta Behavioral Healthcare professionals for a group series on positive ways to parent their children. Free weekly classes are offered as part of Alta’s Incredible Years Early Childhood Parent Group, which is supported by the Mahoning County Mental Health and Recovery Board and Whole Child Matters Grant. Classes run from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Tuesdays, June 13 through Aug. 1, at Alta Behavioral Healthcare, 711 Belmont Ave. In the course, participants will learn why play is more than just having fun, how praise and rewards improve behavior, tips on teaching children to listen, ways to decrease annoying behaviors, discipline ideas and promoting school readiness. Child-sitting is available, and a light supper will be provided for families and children. To register, contact the Alta Care Group, 330-793-2487. Other stories of interest East Sider, 81, refuses to let multiple break-ins break her DNC head accuses president of obstruction of justice YSU selectivity results in university success Opiate crisis increasing trauma for kids Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Walmart exposure suspect surrenders to police after seeing photo on social media Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=2078338" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A man accused of flashing a female shopper at a Porter Walmart has turned himself in. (KTRK) KTRK Friday, June 09, 2017 08:57PM PORTER, Texas (KTRK) -- A 24-year-old Porter man accused of exposing himself to a female shopper at a local Walmart turned himself in to police after seeing his photograph on social media. The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office posted surveillance photos of the flashing suspect earlier this week that were also distributed to local media. After seeing the images, Najee Harris surrendered to deputies on Friday, according to deputies. In a Facebook post, Montgomery County Sheriff Rand Henderson thanked the department's social media followers for "putting the pressure on Mr. Harris to turn himself in." "This is how we work together to solve problems in our community," Henderson said. ORIGINAL REPORT: Man wanted for flashing his genitals at woman inside a Porter Walmart EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=2069521" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> In Montgomery County, deputies are looking for an alleged flasher. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newscrimeindecent exposurewalmartsocial mediafacebookPorter Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Top Republican trio urges Trump to act on Russia Goldman Sachs CEO appears to troll Trump Alleged Target peeping Tom suspect arrested Navy overwhelmed by interest in USS Gabrielle Giffords Trump planning to reverse Cuba policy, sources say More News Top Stories Denny's fight suspect's ex: 'He had a temper' Woman loses house in fire after daughter's murder Denny's fight victim's wife says she was treated like a criminal Alleged Target peeping Tom suspect arrested Road woes: Freeway hole exposes more problems Navy overwhelmed by interest in USS Gabrielle Giffords Attorney: Video caused 'lightning speed' Denny's indictment Show More Viewer recognizes man wanted over changing room photos Deputy and husband out on bond after murder indictment Man's smart car bursts into flames on Freeway Teen gets potentially deadly condition after overexercising Heat and humidity return to Houston this weekend More News Top Video 3rd generation barber serves Houston's hottest athletes Alleged Target peeping Tom suspect arrested Astrodome project moves forward with 2020 target Attorney: Video caused 'lightning speed' Denny's indictment More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Sections Home The Corner Bench Memos Morning Jolt The G-File Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts All Articles Search Donate E-mails & Alerts Subscribe Print Subscribe Digital Store Advertising About Contact Privacy NR Institute The Corner National Review Login How to Think about Low-Income Housing (Photo: Piyapong Singbua/Dreamstime) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Kevin D. Williamson June 9, 2017 4:59 PM @kevinNR The problem is on the supply side. Well, raise my rent! Here’s a great big Muppet News Flash from the Washington Post: Average-priced goods are relatively expensive for low-wage consumers. Seriously. Today’s entry in the great national stupidity sweepstakes comes from Tracy Jan, who is relaying the findings of the latest report from the National Low-Income Housing Association. The report’s basic claim takes a familiar form that falls somewhere between intellectual sloppiness and intellectual dishonesty: People earning the minimum wage cannot afford the average one-bedroom apartment without spending more than 30 percent of their incomes . . . pretty much anywhere in the country. There are some variations on the theme: Sometimes, the rent considered is for a two-bedroom apartment, and sometimes the income considered is the federal poverty line or some figure related to it. All of these so-called studies — they are not really “studies” in the true sense of the word — suffer from the same error: comparing a low wage to an average rent. The NLIHA paper Jan relies on is methodologically slightly better than most entries in this genre, but only slightly. The usual technique is to consider minimum wage vs. median rent, as in this much-cited report from Zillow: “Zillow analyzed median rents and the income necessary to afford them in 15,099 cities and towns nationwide. In the least expensive city — Beecher, Michigan — a single renter would need to earn $10.64 per hour to afford the city’s median rent of $532 per month without exceeding the 30 percent limit, significantly above both the federal minimum wage and the Michigan state minimum wage of $8.15 per hour.” The median rent is the rent at the 50th percentile, i.e. the price point at which half of all rents are lower and half are higher. If you consider the median rent, then you just saw off the cheaper half of the market in its entirety. You know where low-wage people go looking for rental properties? In the half of the market that is below the median, most often. Why ignore the actual rents on the actual apartments that actual minimum-wage workers actually rent? For one thing, acquiring that data is hard work. For another, it does not produce nearly enough angst and hysteria. The NLIHA paper makes almost the same error, but instead of the median rent in various communities it uses a “fair market rent” calculated by the Department of Housing and Urban Development. That number, according to the report, “is typically the 40th percentile of rents that a family can be expected to pay” when that family is moving today, “not what all current renters are paying on average.” That is significant because, according to HUD’s own reporting, families moving to a new rental property with a relatively short timeline for securing new housing typically pay slightly higher rents than do families that haven’t moved in a while, typically about 6 percent more. So the 40th percentile of rents for families paying a 6 percent premium — that won’t be the dead median, but it will be in the neighborhood. It’s the same basic problem: Comparing the incomes of minimum-wage workers against an average rent that includes all families moving into new rental properties, i.e. putting exclusively low wages on one side of the scale and weighing them against the expenses of households with incomes across the spectrum. Needless to say — but the report does say it — these comparisons do not “reflect the rent variation within a metropolitan area or nonmetropolitan county.” Which is to say: They’re basically useless. Which you might begin to suspect when you consider the fact that low-income people who can’t afford to live anywhere mostly manage to live somewhere. How does that happen? Hippie magic? Low-income people who can’t afford to live anywhere mostly manage to live somewhere. One of the remarkable things about people who don’t have very much money is that they have so much money — which is to say, individuals and families with relatively low wages may not have tons of economic power as individuals, but as a market they are enormously powerful. America’s largest private employer, Walmart, represents a truly enormous accumulation of capital organized to address the problem of providing low-cost goods to people who want or need them. Walmart doesn’t keep its prices low because it loves low-income people, but because low-income people spend a great deal of money, and if Walmart doesn’t give them what they want at the price they want, somebody else will. How this works in the real world is obvious to everybody who doesn’t write for the Washington Post: The median cost of a new car in the United States is about $34,000, which is well out of reach for most minimum-wage earners. You know how minimum-wage earners get around that problem? They buy cars that cost a heck of a lot less than the median — or they buy used cars, share cars, take the bus, etc. Minimum-wage workers solve the problem of relatively high rents by choosing accommodations that are well under the 50th or 40th percentile — or by having roommates, living with their families, etc. The relationship between the minimum wage and the median or near-median rent is an entirely artificial problem cooked up by organizations that want more federal spending on low-income housing (NLIHA) or by politicians arguing for a higher minimum wage. The latter is especially popular during campaign season. But there is much more to this than a pliant Washington Post reporter getting taken by an intellectually sloppy propaganda “study.” That happens all the time. There’s a much more interesting aspect to all this that’s worth considering. If you drive around most American cities and their suburbs, you might conclude that there seems to be a fair amount of apartment construction going on. You’d be wrong: Multi-family construction hit a six-year low in May. And the construction that is going on is not, for the most part, meant for the lower-wage end of the rental market. From NLIHA: “Household income has not kept up with the rising cost of rental housing. From the housing crisis of 2007 to 2015, the median gross rent for a rental home in the U.S. increased by 6 percent, after adjusting for overall inflation, while the median income for renter households rose by just 1 percent.” Why aren’t we building more housing for low-income people? It’s not because there’s no money to be made selling goods and services to low-income consumers: I doubt the French Laundry does as much business in a year as McDonald’s does in an hour, and Honda makes a lot more money selling economy cars to regular folks than Lamborghini does selling exotic cars to guys with yachts. Walmart makes a heck of a lot more money than Hermes or Louis Vuitton. Somebody out there would love to be the Walmart of low-income housing. What’s stopping them? It isn’t, strictly speaking, an economic of technological problem: Mobile homes (which start around $30,000 new), trendy “tiny houses,” and low-income housing developments abroad all show that we can build decent housing at prices within the reach of those with more modest incomes. But construction is moving toward the higher end of the market. The basic problem is that politicians won’t let developers build housing for poor people. They don’t put it that way, but that’s what they do. Restrictive zoning and development rules in places such as New York City and San Francisco artificially restrict the supply of housing, often for purely aesthetic reasons. The old housing “covenants” were racial; the new ones are economic, with nice rich liberals in Pacific Heights basically saying: “We like things just how they are, thanks, so why don’t you poors beat feet on down to Stockton or wherever it is we warehouse you, right after you’re done cutting my grass?” The only way to make housing more plentiful is to make housing more plentiful. What that implies, especially in the case of our big cities, is denser development. But our big-city governments — which are almost exclusively under Democratic control — will not allow that. New York City’s population density is less than half that of comparable European cities (and much less than many comparable Asian cities) and, in spite of its reputation as a city of skyscrapers, fewer than 2 percent of its residences are in buildings 20 stories or taller, much lower than the figure for comparable cities globally. In New York, the progressives aren’t working to allow denser development and, hence, cheaper housing: They’re doing the opposite, proposing to cap the number of tall buildings in the city. Forget New Jersey — there are a fair number of New Yorkers who commute from Pennsylvania. San Francisco, Austin, Los Angeles, the parts of Chicago or Philadelphia you might actually want to live in . . . similar story. They’ll call it historic preservation or “defending the character of the neighborhood” or whatever, but it’s basically economic segregation, which, it’s probably worth noting, is still a pretty good proxy for racial discrimination: San Francisco’s black population has decreased by one-third in recent years, and diversity-loving Portland saw its black population shrink by 11.5 percent in just four years. The only way to make housing more plentiful is to make housing more plentiful. By way of contrast, our friends at the Los Angeles Times were surprised to learn that Houston, way down in right-wing Texas, is the most diverse city in the United States. Everybody knows what Houston has what people want — jobs — but part of the attraction is something that Houston doesn’t have: zoning laws — not very much, anyway. That makes housing in Houston relatively cheap, which makes the area attractive to all sorts of people, including young people, immigrants, and others earning relatively low wages. At this point, our progressive friends will ask an inevitable question: “Instead of making the whole country look like Houston, which is a horrifying prospect, why not make it more like lovely San Francisco, and then just raise the minimum wage so that people can afford to live there?” That really isn’t a caricature. Here are the nice Bernie Sanders enthusiasts at feelthebern.org making basically that argument. There’s some high-test, weapons-grade economic illiteracy built into that question, the short answer to which is: “Raising the minimum wage will not magic more housing into existence, it just sends a larger pool of money chasing the same quantity of goods, which is the classical formula for inflation.” But the fundamental error at work here informs so much misguided progressive economic thinking that it is worth considering at some length, starting with the basic economics. There is in economics something called Say’s Law, which could be summarized as: “People produce in order to consume.” What does that really mean? Consider the most basic and primitive economy, a small band of hunter-gatherers at the dawn of mankind. (The date of which we have just moved back by about half again, apparently.) Why did those hunter-gatherers hunt and gather? It was not for the love of hunting and the thrill of gathering, but for a much more obvious reason: to eat. The basic facts of economics are far removed from abstraction: The point of fishing is fish, and the point of picking coconuts is eating them. That holds true until the level of production and social organization is high enough to allow for the emergence of our old friends specialization, the division of labor, and comparative advantage, all of which is another way of saying that once Throg has more fish than he wants to eat and Grug has more coconuts than he wants to eat, they start swapping fish and coconuts between them. And then Warg figures out how to make useful tools out of flint, which is good for a lot of fish and coconuts, and Yawr learns that she’s better at making thorns into fishing hooks than anybody else in the caveman clan, which is of great interest to Fisherman Throg, and eventually you get Corvettes and Google. It’s the money that confuses people. Money is basically information technology. It is a record-keeping system. One of the interesting implications of Say’s Law — that we produce in order to consume — is that there are not really any objective economic values: Everything that is produced and consumed is valued relative to everything else that is produced and consumed. If one mackerel is worth six coconuts or four fishing hooks or one-tenth of a flint chopper, then that can get to be a lot for your average caveman to keep up with. But it’s even more complicated than that: Not only is everything that is produced and consumed valued relative to everything else that is produced and consumed, everybody has different preferences, meaning that there are as many economic-value hierarchies as there are people — and those preference hierarchies can change from day to day or second to second. Again, this is easier to understand if you stick to the physical world rather than get mired in abstraction: You know whose kids get sick of apple pie? Those of the guy who owns the apple orchard. There’s no metaphysically “correct” exchange rate between apples and oysters and shoes and arrowheads — everybody likes what he likes and wants what he wants and — here’s the part that gets overlooked — has what he has.  Because we produce in order to consume, we value what we have in terms of the things we want. The emergence of money as a record-keeping technology makes that a lot easier to think about, but money is not the point: The things that money gets are the point. This is important to understand because those valuations exist independent of money. That’s how inflation happens: We value what we value just the way we value it, and introducing more money into the system does not change those value judgments; it just makes money worth less in terms of fish or coconuts. Conversely, taking money out of the system (less of a problem, usually) doesn’t change those value judgments, either: It just makes money worth more in terms of fish or coconuts. You do not change the underlying value relationships by changing the record-keeping system. That is where so much progressive economic policy goes wrong. Ignoring the physical facts of supply and demand in the real world, progressives attempt to game the record-keeping system in order to produce advantages for politically favored clients or disadvantages for politically disfavored rivals. That’s what raising the minimum wage is all about: The guy who owns your local Burger King franchise values one hour of 17-year-old fry-guy labor just the way he values it. That calculation is inescapably complex — so complex that it never ends up being an actual calculation — taking into account what the product of that hour’s labor can be traded for and the value of that trade relative to the price of the labor. What an hour’s fry-guy labor is worth is bound up in a vastly complex web of value judgments, and the boss’s value judgment isn’t necessarily the most important one: Customers have a say, too. So does the guy who wants your job and is willing to do it for a little less money or who is able to do it a little bit better for the same money. So does the guy who figures out how much interest to charge the boss on the loan with which he buys his new BMW. All of those things are, for lack of a better word, real. Money is just how we keep track of them. Even in times of war and the heavy-handed economic interventions associated with them, reality finds a way of sneaking around the record-keeping system. Passing a law that says you have to pay the fry-guy x + y instead of x does not change the value of the fry-guy’s labor relative to everything else that is produced and consumed. Not really. Ultimately, it is just a change to the record-keeping system. You could pass a law that says we have to pay 15-year-old baby-sitters eight times what we pay hedge-fund managers or brain surgeons, but that is not going to change how we actually value their respective labor. Government can get pretty aggressive about this stuff, which results in fairly predictable market distortions: When the federal government instituted wartime wage controls, employers looking to get the labor they actually valued on terms consistent with their actual valuation of that labor started paying employees in health insurance and company cars instead of paying them in money. The modern practice of offering “fringe benefits” in the form of paid sick leave, vacation time, and other employee perks is a direct response to the policies of the War Labor Board in the 1940s. (It is a big part of why our health-care system stinks.) The lesson: Even in times of war and the heavy-handed economic interventions associated with them, reality finds a way of sneaking around the record-keeping system. People who earn low wages don’t just have labor that is lightly valued in terms of money: They have labor that is lightly valued in terms of everything for which money can be traded. That includes, among other things, housing. But it also includes education, health care, cars, shoes, food — and fish and coconuts and flint caveman axes, too. You can mess with the money, but those underlying value hierarchies will reassert themselves, sometimes in obvious ways, sometimes in unexpected ones. With that in mind, let’s reconsider the question: If we are unhappy about the relationship between the price of certain kinds of labor and the price of renting an apartment, what should we actually do about that? We could try changing the price of labor through legislation, or we could try changing the price of renting an apartment through regulation and subsidies — meaning that we could try messing around with the record-keeping system. Or we could build more apartments. — Kevin D. Williamson is National Review’s roving correspondent. More Stories Load More Photo Essay C-5 Galaxy   Trending on National Review     About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Amazon center in Mobile could have regional impact; hiring may start in late summer Updated on June 9, 2017 at 3:15 PM Posted on June 9, 2017 at 2:57 PM The new sorting center that Amazon is building in Mobile is its first in a four-state region. Established locations include Houston, Dallas, Kansas City, Nashville, Chattanooga, Atlanta, Jacksonville and Tampa. (Lawrence Specker/LSpecker@AL.com) The new sorting center that Amazon is building in Mobile is its first in a four-state region. Established locations include Houston, Dallas, Kansas City, Nashville, Chattanooga, Atlanta, Jacksonville and Tampa. (Lawrence Specker/LSpecker@AL.com) By Lawrence Specker lspecker@al.com For some perspective on how big an impact Amazon's newly announced sorting center in Mobile might have, just look at the map. The massive and innovative company has a reputation for keeping information close, such as full details of its network of huge fulfillment centers and smaller "sortation" centers. But company spokeswoman Ashley Robinson confirmed Friday that Amazon currently operates none of them in Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi or Alabama. The sortation center being built in Mobile won't just be the first in Alabama: It can also be seen as the first in a four-state region. Established Amazon locations include major fulfillment and sortation hubs in Houston, Dallas, Kansas City, Nashville, Chattanooga, Atlanta, Jacksonville and Tampa. Robinson said the company also recently announced a sortation center for Oklahoma City. Taken together, those cities form a ring around a very large empty zone. And if Mobile isn't in the heart of it, it's still easy to see that the Mobile sorting center has the potential to serve a large area. Robinson said she couldn't say with certainty how far northward into Alabama the center's impact might reach, but that it was a safe assumption its coastal footprint would span "from north Florida all the way into Louisiana." Many sortation centers have been built in areas that already have fulfillment centers, but that's not always the case. Aside from Mobile, other exceptions include the new sorting center in Oklahoma City, Robinson said. Robinson rejected the assumption, already tossed out by some in Mobile, that Amazon more or less followed Walmart into the area after that company announced plans to build a major distribution center west of Mobile. That notion just doesn't make sense, she said, because sortation centers aren't gargantuan warehouses like Walmart's distribution centers and Amazon's own fulfillment centers. The Amazon location in Mobile will occupy about 362,000 square feet and cost $30 million to build, compared to 2.6 million square feet of warehouse space and a $127 million budget for the Walmart center. Amazon has more than 75 fulfillment center across North America, and since 2014 has built more than 25 sortation centers across the U.S, Robinson said. The sortation center allow the company to consolidate shipments coming in from various distribution centers and sort them for delivery to a specific region, ZIP code by ZIP code, allowing Amazon to control more of the shipping and delivery process and to depend less on third parties. An area served by a sortation center also can see faster deliveries and expanded service, potentially including Sunday delivery. Why would Amazon build its first Alabama location in the state's fourth largest city? Robinson said she can't say for sure how strongly the company considered other locations, but such decisions are based on three major factors. The first consideration is to identify an area where a new center can improve service. "For our purposes, we look to see where we can better serve Amazon customers," she said, particularly when it comes to providing perks to Amazon Prime members. The second is "strong community partnerships;" Robinson said Amazon found it easy to work with Mobile city and county leaders. The third factor, she said, is the availability of a work force that can fill the hundreds of jobs such a center can create. Speaking of those jobs, Robinson declined to confirm any of the specific figures that have been thrown around in the wake of last week's announcement. Sortation centers usually employ 200 to 500 people, "a mix of full-time and part time employees," with additional hiring during the Christmas season. Plans call for the Mobile center to be operational by this holiday season. Robinson said the company will begin to announce opening for hourly positions about a month before the center opens, meaning job-seekers should see those listings begin to appear in late summer or early fall. "There's not a need for prior warehouse or retail experience," she said. The company wants worker to have a high-school diploma or GED, to be at least 18 years old, and to be able to show a "customer-obsessed" mindset on the job. Robinson said the company offers "competitive wages and comprehensive benefits" for its full-time employees, including tuition reimbursements. Some benefits are available for part-timers as well, she said. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Login Registration Newsletter Home White Paper Control & Automation Engineering Ex Protection & Safety Pumps & Compressors Specials Pharma & Food Powder Bulk Handling Operation & Maintenance Heat Transfer Business & Economics Water Treatment Oil & Gas PCIC Europe News Videos Galleries Companies Events Digital Issue Plant Engineering Project Database Imprint Media Privacy Notice Menu Search Subscription Newsletter My Site search.. search Control & Automation Engineering Ex Protection & Safety Pumps & Compressors Specials Digital Issue Pharma & Food Powder Bulk Handling Operation & Maintenance Heat Transfer Business & Economics Water Treatment Oil & Gas PCIC Europe You are not logged in  Login  |  Registration  |  Newsletter HOT TOPICS: #Business & Economics #Powder Bulk Handling #Pharma & Food #Oil & Gas #Engineering Projects Receive 15 new engineering projects per week – get them easily delivered into your mailbox. try now for free! #Engineering-Database   USA: Personal Care Products Chemical Hazard Assessments of Preservatives in Personal Care Products 06/09/2017 | Editor: Alexander Stark 87% of consumers globally seek out beauty and personal care products made without harsh or toxic chemicals. (Source: Pixabay) Related Companies Maag Pump Systems AG News on the topic Die Drool Contamination Minimized Maag Pump Systems AG 8154 Oberglatt ZH | Schweiz http://www.maag.com/ Firmenprofil | Kontakt PDF Recommend Print A new report from Environmental Defense Fund reveals key barriers to innovation in preservatives. Data gaps were identified among all 16 preservatives evaluated — including around endocrine activity and neurotoxicity. Washington/USA — Common hazards among the preservatives included skin allergies and aquatic toxicity. The report finds that to meet increasing consumer and retailer demand for safer chemicals, health and safety information must be more widely shared along the supply chain. Market demand for safer chemicals is growing — 87 % of consumers globally seek out beauty and personal care products made without harsh or toxic chemicals. Major retailers including Walmart, Target, and CVS have released chemicals policies that aim to drive chemicals of concern off their shelves and ensure consumer access to safer chemicals and products. Notably, all three retailers have targeted certain preservatives for removal from products including baby and beauty and personal care products. Smart innovation is necessary to ensure that products are adequately preserved against problematic microbial contamination while also satisfying demands for safer chemicals. Zach Freeze, Senior Director of Sustainability at Walmart notes, “Walmart works with suppliers and organizations like EDF to advance sustainable chemistry –encouraging reducing, restricting and eliminating priority chemicals in products. EDF’s baseline information on preservatives can help companies make more informed choices and deliver more sustainable innovations.” Companies face challenges in designing and delivering products to meet demand, in part because of lack of access to comprehensive health and safety information on chemicals. Dr. Nicole Acevedo, Principal Scientist at Beautycounter notes, “There is no doubt that consumers are actively seeking products that contain the safest possible ingredients, and that the need for more comprehensive information on chemical hazards is critical to putting safer products on the market. As a company dedicated to driving this cause, Beautycounter has seen phenomenal business growth since our launch four years ago, which is further evidence of consumers’ appetite for increased education, advocacy, and safer products.” EDF launched the Preservatives Innovation Project (PIP) to better understand the barriers and enablers to safer chemicals innovation in the marketplace, with particular interest in exploring how a consistent toxicological evaluation of a chemical class can guide innovation and data development via the identification of hazard hotspots and data gaps. The report finds that without transparent, structured sets of baseline health and safety information, safer chemical innovation will remain difficult. Shared hazard assessment information through a new “Chemicals Assessment Clearinghouse” would accelerate innovation. EDF Senior Scientist Dr. Jennifer McPartland notes, “A Chemicals Assessment Clearinghouse is a strategic intervention that would power smart, safer chemical innovation by academics, entrepreneurs and others and ultimately lead to a more healthful, product positive marketplace.” Full Report Comments are being loaded .... Leave a comment The comment is checked by an editor and will be released soon. Register now for participating in the discussion Sign up for free Log In Edited by at Edited by at Edited by at Edited by at More... Comments are being loaded .... Report comment Kommentar Freigeben unregistrierter Nutzer Der untenstehende Text wird an den Kommentator gesendet, falls dieser eine Email-hinterlegt hat. Betreff Text Freigabe entfernen unregistrierter Nutzer Der untenstehende Text wird an den Kommentator gesendet, falls dieser eine Email-hinterlegt hat. Betreff Text More articles Disaster Management Strategies A Look at Disaster Management Strategies for Chemical Process Industries more... Green Chemistry The Chemical Industry in India is Poised to Chart Strong Growth in the Times to Come more... ACHEMA Trendreport Particle Charcterisation A Question of (Particle) Character... more... Bio vs. Shale gas The Two Faces: Bio vs. Shale in a Head–to–Head–Race more... Gallery These are the 10 Most Toxic Places in the World Engineering Projects Around the World (Image Gallery) Valve World Expo 2016 Back for the Future: SPS IPC Drives 2016 Between Bionic and Process Automation (Day 1) All Galleries Related Companies BARTEC GmbH 97980 Bad Mergentheim | Deutschland Company Profile | Contact MG2 s.r.l. 40065 Pian di Macina di Pianoro (BO) | Italy Company Profile | Contact EPC Group 07407 Rudolstadt | Deutschland Company Profile | Contact GIG Karasek GmbH 2640 Gloggnitz | Österreich Company Profile | Contact Pörner Ingenieurgesellschaft mbH 1050 Wien/Vienna | Austria Company Profile | Contact AZO GmbH + Co. KG 74706 Osterburken | Deutschland Company Profile | Contact Kelvion Holding GmbH 44809 Bochum | Germany Company Profile | Contact EPC Group 07407 Rudolstadt | Deutschland Company Profile | Contact DÜPERTHAL Sicherheitstechnik GmbH & Co. KG 63791 Karlstein a. Main | Deutschland Company Profile | Contact Donadon SDD Srl 20011 Corbetta (MI) | Italy Company Profile | Contact  more All Companies This article is protected by copyright. You want to use it for your own purpose? Infos can be found under www.mycontentfactory.de (ID: 44723336 / Business & Economics) MOST POPULAR ARTICLES Germany/USA: Industrial Gases Praxair and Linde Sign Business Combination 06.06.17 - Linde and Praxair announced that the companies have entered into a definitive business combination agreement (BCA) to come together under a new holding company through an all-stock merger of equals transaction. read... Russia: Plastics Feedstock Major Contract for Olefin Plant in Russia Goes to Linde 07.06.17 - The Linde Group has been awarded a major contract by PJSC Nizhnekamskneftekhim (NKNK) to supply an olefin plant in the city of Nizhnekamsk, located in the Republic of Tatarstan in the Russian Federation. read... China: Food Preservatives BASF and Sinopec Expand Probionic Acid Production in China 07.06.17 - BASF and Sinopec will expand the capacity of existing propionic acid production with an additional 30,000 metric tons annually at their state-of-the-art Verbund site in Nanjing. read... Germany: Hydrogenation Technology Haltermann Carless Awards EPCM Contract to Neste Jacobs 06.06.17 - Neste Jacobs will perform the EPCM services for an upgrade and expansion of the Haltermann Carless’ production site in Speyer, Germany. read... Newsletter News from process industries from all over the world. * I agree to the processing and usage of my data as described in the declaration of consent and the Terms & Conditions. Spam protection: Please enter the result of the computation (addition). Follow us on Imprint Media process-worldwide.com is a brand by Vogel Business Media. Our portfolio can be seen here Terms & Conditions | Declaration of Consent | Help | Customer Center | Media | Privacy Notice | Imprint Copyright © 2017 Vogel Business Media Pixabay; Picture: Shutterstock; Picture: Dechema; Pictures: © JRB, © sezer66, © photocrew, © Africa Studio, © PhotoGraphyca, © Calin Tatu - Fotolia; Subscribe to Topics Newsletter Update Business & Economics E-Mail: * I agree to the processing and usage of my data as described in the declaration of consent and the Terms & Conditions. Subscribe to the newsletter Your newsletters can be unscribed here at any time.
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Apple, other big tech stocks collapse into Friday's close >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Uncategorized > Should You Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock? WMT looks beyond bricks and mortar for success Jun 9, 2017, 10:32 am EDT  |  By , Zacks Investment Research Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   It’s been a rough stretch for the retail industry lately. All around the country, brick-and-mortar stores are cutting their workforces, closing their doors, and succumbing to the pressure of e-commerce. Nevertheless, a few retail giants — like iconic American brand Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) — are hanging in there. Walmart remains the country’s largest brick-and-mortar retailer, but it owes much of its recent success to the adaption of non-traditional techniques, including a large-scale investment in its online business. Investors are rewarding Walmart for its success in the face of a brutal retail landscape, and shares of the company have gained more than 15% year-to-date. Of course, that’s quite the climb for any retail stock. And as this stock continues to trade near its 52-week high, it makes sense that some investors might worry whether WMT has entered into “overbought” territory. So should you still be buying WMT on the back of its strong momentum, or is now the time to consider selling? Let’s start by digging into some of the fundamentals. First, let’s hone in on Walmart’s recent e-commerce growth. As mentioned, the company has really doubled down on its online efforts, pumping serious cash into developing this unit. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) will always remain the e-commerce king, but a healthier online presence actually gives Walmart one specific advantage in its war against online retail’s royalty. 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally As we are beginning to see, Walmart can leverage its worldwide brick-and-mortar locations to provide delivery services that Amazon simply can’t. Take China, for example. Through its partnership with JD.Com Inc (ADR) (NYSE:JD), Walmart offers one-hour delivery in the Asian country (also read: Walmart is Crushing Amazon in China). Walmart is also testing out a new delivery service that utilizes its in-store workers to boost its e-commerce business. In certain markets, the company is exploring the idea of letting employees make same-day deliveries on their way home from work (also read: Wal-Mart New Delivery Program to Retain Store Workers). Nevertheless, we can see that these e-commerce investments, along with other costly initiatives like price promotions, are cutting into Walmart’s bottom line. Our current consensus estimates are calling for a nice 2% bump in total sales this year, but we’re only expecting to see EPS growth of 0.78%. Furthermore, Walmart is only a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) right now. This is primarily because of its mixed earnings estimate revision activity: Based on the above snapshot of the recent estimate revisions we’ve seen, it’s clear to see that there has been little agreement on the company’s current-quarter and next-quarter earnings. This has resulted in stagnant Zacks Consensus Estimates over the last 60 days. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/should-you-buy-walmart-wmt-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Techs That Just Got Shredded 7 Stocks to Buy in the Hottest Industry 7 Best Buffett Dividend Stocks for Retirement 7 Energy Stocks to Survive an Oil Beating 3 Chinese Solar Stocks With Stellar Long-Term Potential Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks That Just Got Shredded by Goldman’s Bubble Call 7 Stocks to Buy in Wall Street’s Hottest Industry 7 Energy Stocks to Buy to Survive an Oil Beating Warren Buffett’s 7 Best Dividend Stocks for Retirement Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? Most Popular 7 Stocks With More Upside Than Alphabet 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Vanguard Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Test Drive Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock for the Long-Term! Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Will Reward Your Patience Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home Contact Us News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers 3,125 53 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA Opinion The Weekly Daley – Road Trip: Taking a bite out of Texas By Chris Daley From page A4 | June 09, 2017 FacebookTwitter FacebookTwitter NOTE: If you missed last week’s Road Trip column, you don’t yet know that I broke my upper denture while biting into a Triscuit in the hotel room in Las Cruces, New Mexico. In that same Las Cruces, New Mexico hotel, Georgette realized she had left some of her medicine at home. We were only a week into what was to be a three-week road trip. She had filled up one of those clear plastic pill cases with the first week’s worth of pills and forgot to grab the pill bottle on the way out the door when we left home. I didn’t do that although I acknowledge how easy it would have been. If you’re too young and/or too healthy to even know about those little one-week or two-week pill containers, you are indeed fortunate. Some of us more seasoned folk know they actually need to be filled every 24 to 36 hours. Let me explain: “Geez, is it time to fill that %$#& pill box again? Don’t tell me it’s already been a week since I did that. Didn’t I just fill it up yesterday or the day before? I’m sure a whole week hasn’t gone by since I last filled the &*%$ thing. Has it?” In any case, we discussed doing without that particular medication for two more weeks, Googled it and determined it could be done but wouldn’t be the best practice. We learned that I could give her a similar pill which Google said wouldn’t hurt and would be an acceptable substitute. I suggested she call the clinic here in Placerville and see if they could fax the prescription to a CVS pharmacy near the hotel we’d be staying at in San Antonio two days later. Meanwhile, we sped east on Interstate Highway 10 toward the Texas border and El Paso, a couple of hours out of Las Cruces. She called the clinic and left an urgent voicemail. Time passed and she’d had no word from the clinic. She called again and repeated the urgent message. Some while later, she checked her cell phone and found there was a message from the clinic. Why the phone had not rung was a mystery, which never could be accounted for. The voice mail from the clinic assured her that they would indeed order the prescription but because “that CVS doesn’t have a pharmacy,” she would have to redirect it to some other place that has a pharmacy. “That CVS doesn’t have a pharmacy?” What is a CVS if not a pharmacy? Well, what do we know about CVS stores in San Antonio, Texas? Nothing, but apparently they don’t have pharmacies. My suggestion for a Plan B was nothing short of brilliant. We’d be staying in Fort Stockton, Texas that night. It’s a pretty small town (around 9,000 inhabitants), but they may have a Wal-Mart or Walgreen or Wal-pharmacy of some kind there. Maybe the clinic could fax the prescription to that place instead of to San Antonio. We Googled Wal-Mart in Fort Stockton and sure enough, there is one there and it has a pharmacy. She called the clinic back and actually got through to a person who agreed to send the Fax to the Wal-Mart pharmacy in Fort Stockton. A few hours later we got to our hotel and then went looking for the Wal-Mart. Georgette waited in line at the pharmacy and I prowled around the store looking for a pearl-snap cowboy shirt. I mean Fort Stockton, Texas. Could there be a better place to buy a pearl-snap cowboy shirt? I doubted it, but I don’t doubt it any longer. I couldn’t find one and the two associates I asked couldn’t find one either, so I have to assume you can’t buy a pearl-snap cowboy shirt at the Wal-Mart in Fort Stockton. (Couldn’t find one at Macy’s in San Antonio either.) (Eventually found one at our own Wal-Mart on Missouri Flat Road.) Fort Stockton was established as an army post in 1859 near the Pecos River at Comanche Springs. It was briefly occupied by the Confederate army between 1861 and ’62. The 9th Cavalry famously known as the Buffalo Soldiers took it over in 1867. The army abandoned the fort in 1886, but the area grew and became noted for raising livestock especially sheep and cattle. It also has a boom and bust history of oil production. From the hotel in Fort Stockton, I began the search for an emergency dental clinic in San Antonio 320 miles away and where we would be by the next afternoon and would stay for three days. (See NOTE above.) The online search offered several urgent care type dental offices in and around San Antonio. I called one, explained my dental dilemma and asked if I could get an appointment either late in the day tomorrow or preferably the next day. The woman on the line said they could see me at 4:30 that afternoon. I said, “I’m 320 miles away and it’s now 3:48, and I’m pretty sure I can’t make it in 42 minutes.” She said she could squeeze me in at 9:00 the next morning. “I would have to leave my hotel at ‘very dark-30’ in order to drive 320 miles and get to your office by 9:00 tomorrow morning,” I said, beginning to feel a trifle exasperated. I asked, how about the day after tomorrow? She said sure that would be fine except their lab would be closed for two days after that and I wouldn’t get my repaired denture back for about three days. Which would be one day after we had already left San Antonio. I thanked her and assured her that next time I was in San Antonio and needed some dental work, I’d be sure to check back with her. Next I tried the Heritage Dental office which turned out to be in Universal City, Texas but not too far from San Antonio. I talked to Geri, explained that my upper denture had broken in half, that I would be in San Antonio late the next afternoon and could I possibly get an appointment either tomorrow or the next day. She checked and said sure they could get me in at 1:00 day after tomorrow – Wednesday afternoon. It was a Monday late afternoon when I was calling. We pulled into San Antonio by about 4 p.m. Tuesday, and I right away called Heritage and asked if they could possibly see me earlier than 1:00 p.m.. She said sure, how about 10:00 tomorrow. Great. I could almost taste the ribs and brisket. Next day we had to race to the office not realizing that it’s several miles away from where we were in downtown San Antonio and got there a minute or two after 10:00 a.m. Not a problem. The waiting room had coffee and doughnuts and other treats and I said I was looking for a dentist office not a cafe. Ha, ha. I’m sure they hear that one all the time. Fast forward to 45 minutes or an hour later. Trisha Day, the best dental assistant in Texas if not the entire world (she confessed) sat with me in the exam room while Dr. Brad Dutton worked on my denture. I remarked on her English accent suggesting she wasn’t from around there. “Wisconsin,” she said. Ha, ha. She said that’s her favorite way to respond to the “where are you from” question she hears pretty regularly. We chatted and gabbed and I said I couldn’t wait to get some BBQ in my mouth. Someone unseen from another exam room piped up, “I could go for some barbecue myself.” Dr. Brad came in with my newly reunited denture, finished polishing it up and I put it in. Nice, really good. Thank you so much. At the front desk on the way out after paying for my treatment, I got a fun notion. Everyone had been so nice and thoughtful and helpful and all. So I took out a $20 bill and gave it to the desk crew and said “Maybe get some BBQ or doughnuts for everybody.” They liked that. After getting the car serviced nearby we went back to our hotel and walked to Schilo’s, a 100 year old local German deli for lunch. I ordered the wienerschnitzel with cole slaw. I took my first bite of cole slaw. Snap, crackle, pop went the upper denture. Dr. Brad kind of recommended I get a more permanent fix after I got home or a new one altogether. I offered to send a photo of me and the offending piece of cabbage and the once again two-piece denture. Heritage refunded my payment and really didn’t need to see the pix. I ate a fair amount of soup and yogurt and easy to chew Mexican food for the next two weeks. It sounds really bad, and it was in some ways, but hey, what’s a road trip without a good story! I did get a permanent fix from my longtime dentist, Dr. Russell Jones, after we got home. BTW – We went by the CVS store around the corner from our hotel in San Antonio. We went in for a minute just to be sure. It is definitely a pharmacy. FacebookTwitter FacebookTwitter Chris Daley Story Archive Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Discussion | No comments Search Recent Posts EDAC Poetry Will Boring Robert Reeder Boom! ‘Racist’ Paris decision may end life on earth Repairs coming to Starkes Grade Building permits, May 29-June 2 Lake levels Rose hopeful loves singing, sewing and going Discover the leading forces behind the Gold Rush Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Home Source, June 9, 2017 El Dorado Farm Trails and Visitors Guide 2017-2018 Village Life, June 7, 2017 Gold Mine Coupons, June 2017 Cameron Park Life, June 2017 Stars and Stripes, June 5, 2017 Home Source, June 2, 2017 Georgetown Divide Graduates 2017 Village Homes, May 31, 2017 Village Life, May 31, 2017 Happy Healthy Pets 2017 Spring Home Improvement 2017 Mountain Democrat Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 Adventures, Spring/Summer 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 Adventures Spring/Summer 2016 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life, Winters Express and other community-driven publications.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse How An Employee Of Wal-Mart Could Soon Be Your Delivery Driver Bo Belmer - Drivewealth   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 09, 2017 10:33am   Comments Share: This article was originaly featured on DriveWealth Soon your online purchases may not be delivered by a man or woman wearing the brown and gold uniform you’ve likely become accustomed to. Instead, they might be wearing…a…blue vest? That’s right, in an effort to combat the success of online retailers such as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) is now testing a program which will consist of store employees delivering some orders that have been placed on Walmart.com or Jet.com during their commute to (and from) work. Currently, Wal-Mart has 4,700 stores in the United States and it looks like they intend to use them as a competitive advantage over companies (Amazon) who generally only do business through online sales. Perhaps this strategy will be a significant step towards slowing down Amazon’s recent dominance, it certainly is creative. For now, the program is in a testing phase and will only run for a few weeks in three stores, one in an Arkansas store that is near Wal-Mart’s corporate headquarters and two in stores that are near the Jet.com offices in New Jersey. Further, it seems that Wal-Mart is hoping to use its $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com, from last September, to explore this program as an option. According to a Wal-Mart spokesman, however, only a few hundred packages have been delivered using this program so far since it is still in a developmental stage. Although, Wal-Mart U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore was appeared optimistic when he recently said, “Imagine all the routes our associates drive (while going) to and from work and the houses they pass along the way.” He may be onto something. In order to make this process work, there are obviously a lot of moving parts. Currently, the plan is to give Wal-Mart employees who have a car and can pass a background check the opportunity to deliver up to 10 packages per day. To track their deliveries, there will be a phone application that suggests orders for them to deliver that would be the most convenient for them during their trip home. As for compensation, employees will be paid for the time they spend making deliveries but Wal-Mart has not yet revealed how much drivers will earn or if time spent driving will be considered time “on the clock.” Some information has been released, though. For example, a Wal-Mart spokesperson has made it known that shoppers will not be aware of who is delivering their purchase at the time of them ordering it. This differs from other services such as Uber, which gives you a preview as to who your driver will be. Yet, under the assumption that your package is delivered safely, does it really matter who is delivering it or how it gets there? Of course, as is the case with nearly all new ideas, Wal-Mart’s plan does face some challenges. For instance, if driving time is considered time on the clock, some part-time employees may become full-time meaning that they will qualify for health care benefits. As result, labor expenses could drastically increase (depending on the quantity of driver). Additionally, there are many employees who do not commute by car, which will potentially lead to displeasure amongst workers who cannot make deliveries for a supplementary form of income. From an investors perspective, this move by Wal-Mart might be one to keep an eye on. This is especially true during a year where Wal-Mart’s United States e-commerce sales grew 63% (including sales from Jet.com and other recent acquisitions) in the most recent quarter. If the plan to implement an employee operated delivery program a successful one, Wal-Mart would likely continue to show signs of growth during a time when many other retail companies are struggling to even stay in business. Posted-In: DriveWealthRetail Sales Topics Markets © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + WMT) Why Alexa May Have Played Matchmaker In Potential Amazon-DISH Network Marriage The Market In 5 Minutes Verizon Gearing up to Launch Online TV Streaming Service Alibaba's Shares Surge 13.3% on Strong Revenue Outlook Former Apple Employees: Siri Stinks Wall Street's M&A Chatter From June 8: Cabelas, SciClone Pharma, Microsoft-Hexadite, Athenahealth-Praxify View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 AMD, AAPL: AMD's Ryzen Chips Facing Some Problems 2 WINS: Wins Finance Up 100%: Is This A Normal Move? 3 STRP, T: Exclusive: DISH Network And Amazon Could Expand Partnership,... 4 JD, ZTO: 22 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 5 INTC, AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Dispels Speculation,... 6 NVDA: The Bull Case For Nvidia: $300 Per Share? 7 AMD, AAPL: Advanced Micro Devices Continue... 1 SNAP: 3 Things Led Citi To Downgrade Snap 2 DFT, DLR: Street Approves Of DuPont Fabros Merger With Digital Realty 3 NVDA: Why Nvidia's Strategy Hints At A 'Fast-Rising' St... 4 CLDR, TOO: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Higher; VeriFon... 5 HA: Stock Price Looks Full, But Overall Outlook For Hawai... 6 SCHD: Keeping It Simple With This Dividend ETF 7 DISH, AMZN: Why Alexa May Have Played Matchmaker In... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Pandora Higher Amid Flurry Of News Analyst: Our Argument For A Sell Rating On Citigroup No Longer Applies
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot June 10, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Mobile  >   How to reduce the impact of images on your mobile site speed How to reduce the impact of images on your mobile site speed Mobile 09 Jun 17 | Andy Favell Facebook0 Linkedin15 Google+9 Twitter 24 Images are the main culprit for causing oversized web pages (average size 2.2MB) that can perform slowly on mobile devices. Last week, we looked at how to optimize your mobile site speed and test for issues that might be slowing your site down. With Google placing more and more emphasis on mobile site speed and user experience in order to achieve a good ranking, discovering issues with your mobile site speed is critical. But how can you fix those issues once you’re there? This column, the second of three, will discuss the different ways to reduce the impact of images on the performance of your mobile site.   You need to fix your mobile image problem. You are not alone. As detailed in my previous column, the average mobile webpage is now a ludicrous 2.2MB and this can severely impede how quickly the page loads on a mobile device. At 68% of total page weight, images are the main culprit. This column will look at the different ways to reduce the impact of image on the performance of your website. For those you like a step-by-step approach, here are ten steps to speedy mobile web pages. Speed test: how fast site loads on mobile device; causes of delay. Test image impact: do images improve or kill user experience. Image policy: review company policy on images; educate everyone. Image audit: evaluate number, format, size, situation, impact. Cut the fat: remove images that do not add value. Image impact: make images work harder. Balancing images with accessibility. Optimize images: right format, right size. Alternative techniques: for icons and buttons. Even more speed: web design techniques. Steps 1-4 were mostly covered in Part 1. This column will concentrate on steps 5-7. Part 3 will concentrate on steps 8-10. Cut the fat The first and easiest step to improving page speed is to remove unnecessary images. If images do not add value and are taking up valuable real estate get rid of them. Crappy stock image just there to fill space? Be gone. When you are auditing your existing pages or creating a new one, ask: does this image justify: The space it takes up on the mobile screen? Adding 30KB, 50KB, 100KB etc. to the page size? Robert Gaines, a Kansas, US-based, web and app developer, advises: “Before you add an image to a webpage, decide if you really need it; if it really adds value. Every image that you add slows the webpage down, impacting both user experience and search rankings. If you don’t need an image, cut the fat! Slider images are a great example of images that can be cut from a webpage. Studies have shown that sliders do not have a significantly positive impact on either conversions or user experience – they are unnecessary bloat.” Use heatmaps, user testing and A/B testing (covered in Part 1 of this series) to assess the impact your images are having on the users. Is it positive, negligible or negative? Images that count Once you have illuminated the images that don’t add value, concentrate on making the remaining images work harder for their pixels/KBs. Raluca Budiu, Director of Research at Nielsen Norman Group, says: “As web images can take longer to load on mobile devices, it is usually a good idea if they contain information, and are not purely decorative. Users rarely appreciate a pretty picture that is unrelated to an article. Ecommerce sites, in particular need good images — people can rarely make a buying decision if they cannot see the product well.” Case study: Unilever mobile-ready hero images One company that has really flung its weight behind making images more useful is Unilever. Working with Cambridge University Inclusive Design team, the company has redesigned all product shots for all its brands to make them easier for web customers to instantly recognize and pick the right product, just using visual recognition, as they speed through any retailer’s catalogue of products “Vegas style” (i.e. spinning through results like the reels on a slot machine). The idea is that by highlighting the essential details – brand, product type, size and quantity – on the image, shoppers don’t have to read the copy for every product. In case you were wondering, a hero image is the term given to the fat clickable/tappable banner image, often on a carousel, at the top of homepages (particularly), featuring a new product, promotion etc. and a call to action. Mobile-Ready Hero Images are the smaller thumbnail images found on a page of product listings either in a category or following a search for e.g. men’s deodorant. Oliver Bradley, Global eCommerce Experience Design Director at Unilever, explains: “Mobile-Ready Hero Images were created specifically for online retail to act as the primary image in search / favorites thumbnail results. They are designed to work well on all screen sizes that are typical for online retail (16mm on mobile, 23mm on tablet and 48mm on laptop / desktop). They allow the online shopper to better recognize brand, format, variant and size as they are perform that fast vertical scroll which is typical behavior when scanning through long lists of products on a mobile or tablet. The images can be zoomed and/or cropped to deliver better legibility & recognition of brand and variant esp. on portrait packs. If required brands can add the size of the product or number of contents in the bottom right-hand corner. If necessary, the type of product may be added as a stripe on the right-hand side (portrait packs), or as a stripe along the bottom (landscape packs). Makes better use of space than with a conventional packet shot.” First introduced in 2014, Unilever has moved rapidly to convince retailers in 20 countries – including many of the retail giants e.g. Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, Tesco and Carrefour – to introduce the enhanced imagery to their e/m-commerce sites. With some retailers, such as Asda.com (Walmart’s UK subsidiary), every Unilever product is now marketed with a Mobile-Ready Hero Image. What’s more, Unilever, with the Cambridge team, have turned Mobile-Ready Hero Images into a standard: available open source and free for any competitor to pick up. And many of Unilever’s biggest competitors have done just that, says Bradley: “We realized that we needed to create a versatile category solution with the same visual architecture and consistency across the board. Since doing this we’ve been pleased to see L’Oréal, GSK, P&G, Kellogg’s, Kimberly Clark and J&J follow our approach.” The image below displays two screenshots. The first captures a deodorant search from Walmart.com, showing two Unilever brands with hero images with the product type and size alongside the product shot. With the two rival products, it is more difficult to establish the type of product or the size, without zooming in on the product. As Walmart does not include these details in the blurb, this makes the hero images doubly useful. The second image captures a shampoo search from Asda.com, showing a Unilever product (TreSemme), a P&G product (Herbal Essences), both using the hero image. The third product, also a P&G brand (Pantene) does not use a hero image. While the hero images are considerably more high-impact, Asda does include the product type and size in the blurb… assuming that the consumer reads it. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin15 Google+9 Twitter 24 Related articles Accelerated Mobile Pages vs Facebook Instant Articles: Is Google winning the mobile war? How to optimize your mobile site speed: Testing for issues Voice search: A digital space race Optimizing for voice assistants: Why actions speak louder than words So what’s the impact on UX? At the start of the project, Unilever and the Cambridge team conducted quantitative research (i.e. interviews and surveys) with 3000 shoppers in and then verified their findings/work by conducted eye tracking tests with more than 100 shoppers, to watch how they interacted with the site and images using mobile devices on mobile to verify. This user testing put Unilever in a good position to rebut any doubters from the retail business. “Some retailers argue pack shots are necessary for e-commerce, because the text description next to the pack shot provides all the information that cannot be obtained from the photograph. But we know from eye tracking that 90% of the e-commerce page is ignored. We know that the majority of shoppers don’t bother to check the product name, size or format on retailers’ websites or apps. That’s why nearly every shopper we interviewed had a story of accidentally buying a product online that turned out to be not as expected (especially on size). If a pack looks similar to the one their used to, they don’t bother to check the text to verify. The point of online grocery is convenience and saving time. It’s about selecting a large number of products as quickly as they can. Because you don’t have to check the text with hero images, it makes shopping even faster. We know this is true from the conversions the hero image have delivered. The A/B test results have been amazing: a 24% lift on Magnum, a 19% lift on Simple, and a 4% lift on Ben & Jerry’s.” Accessibility The biggest issue for any sort of image, but particularly an image that contains important textual data, is that that they are invisible to people with visual impairments. People who don’t see well or at all, use screen-readers to read the text on the site aloud. There’s nothing wrong with using images, or hero images for that point, but it is essential that the content in the image should be either written in the web copy and/or in alt tags (these tags describe the image to a screen reader, but are invisible to the able-bodied reader). Generally, accessibility experts frown on the use of text being placed within an images, because screen readers are blind to the data it contains. This is why, for example, it is preferable from an accessibility point of view to prepare tables of data as an html table, rather than simply uploading an image of the table – but this will always take additional time and usually won’t look as good. Marco Zehe is an accessibility evangelist and QA engineer at Mozilla: “Mobile images need alt text, just like for the desktop, of course. But it helps if the images are responsive, because people with low vision or elderly people will benefit from them zooming better. “However screen readers do not do image recognition on the web, yet, so if there is text on the image, this is will be inaccessible. In principle, text on images should be avoided. But if the text helps clarify a photo, especially for people with low vision, and as long as it is only duplicating what is said in the copy and in the alt text, this is acceptable.” So, if text genuinely adds value to an image, as is the case with Mobile-Ready Hero Images, then it is safe to assume this is acceptable, as long as it is duplicated in the copy and the alt tag. So looking back to our Walmart and Asda examples pictured above: The source code for the Dove deodorant on Walmart contains the alt text: “Dove Men+Care Extra Fresh Deodorant, 3 oz, Twin Pack”, which describes the product, size and quantity. The page copy describes the product, but does not include size or quantity. The source code for the TRESemme Shampoo on Asda contains alt text: “TRESemme Moisture Rich Shampoo Rollback”, which describes the product, and offer, but not the size. The shopper needs to click through to discover this information.   This article is Part 2 of a three-part series on how to optimize your mobile site speed. Check back next week for Part 3, which looks at how to refine and reformat your mobile site images. Or read the previous instalment: How to optimize your mobile site speed: Testing for issues. This column was originally published on our sister site, ClickZ, and has been reproduced here for the enjoyment of our audience on SEW.   Andy Favell is Search Engine Watch’s columnist on mobile. He is a London-based freelance mobile/digital consultant, journalist and web editor. Contact him via LinkedIn or Twitter at Andy_Favell.   Andy Favell is a writer for Search Engine Watch, web editor and mobile/digital consultant. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 3: detecting and remedying issues This column will explore how to detect, avoid and remedy issues with mobile video, to give your viewers the best possible experience with your video content and keep them engaged and watching your videos. Mobile Video 26 May 17 | Andy Favell Google I/O: What’s going on with Progressive Web Apps? At Google's developer jamboree, Google I/O, last week the search giant paraded a host of big name case studies and compelling stats to herald its success with two initiatives to make the mobile web better and faster: Progressive Web Apps (PWA) and Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP). Events Mobile 23 May 17 | Andy Favell How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 2: autoplay and audio Mobile video is a major up-and-coming trend in content, with brands everywhere converging on the new and lucrative mobile video market. In Part 2 of our three-part series, we'll look at the contentious subject of autoplaying videos and their impact on mobile webpage performance, as well as how audio can delay page speed. Mobile Video 19 May 17 | Andy Favell How marketers can position their company to grow with Generation Z Compared to millennials, who were mobile pioneers, Gen Z teens - current 13-17 year olds - are mobile natives. A report by Think With Google has shed some light onto their habits, preferences, and what type of marketing they respond to best. Industry Mobile 15 May 17 | Amanda DiSilvestro Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/06/09/how-to-reduce-the-impact-of-images-on-your-mobile-site-speed/ Send × Want to stay on top of mobile marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our mobile marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Fortune Insiders Search Search NSANSA Backtracks on Sharing Number of Americans Caught In Warrantless Spying Fortune 500Silicon Valley Isn’t The Only Out-Of-Touch Tech Bubble TelevisionNearly 20 Million Viewers Watched James Comey’s Senate Testimony TwitterTwitter Account of Journalist, Activist Hacked to Spread Fake News Photographed by Getty Images Commentary Finance It’s Time to Finally Let Walmart Open its Own Bank Lawrence J. White Jun 09, 2017 On a day in which many eyes were on Former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee, the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday quietly passed the Financial CHOICE Act, which is the Republicans’ proposed revision of the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 and reform of financial regulation. It will next go to the Senate, which will surely get more attention as Senators on both sides consider major alterations to the CHOICE Act. Although the CHOICE Act’s tagline reads, “Opportunity for All, Bailouts for None,” there is a large elephant that isn’t in the room when financial regulation is being discussed—but really should be: Walmart. Starting in the mid 1990s, Walmart made two separate efforts to enter banking in the U.S., but legislators and regulators kept the door closed. After its second effort was rebuffed in 2007, Walmart gave up in the U.S., but has subsequently provided consumer-banking services in Canada and Mexico. As the Senate begins its consideration of the CHOICE Act, there is a prime opportunity for lawmakers to revisit the question of allowing commercial firms—such as Walmart—to enter banking. Why? U.S. economic policy has long held dear the notion of encouraging new business and innovations so that the benefits of entry into the marketplace can be enjoyed by consumers. Of course, American policy treats banking as special. And reconciling the specialness of banking and the presence of Walmart in banking is necessary. We expect banks to be operated in a safe-and-sound manner, such that the likelihood that they would fail—and cause losses to their creditor-depositors (or to the deposit insurer that backs them)—should be quite small. And the system of prudential regulation for banks is a reflection of that expectation. So, how would a Walmart Bank fit into prudential regulation? Career Advice3 Biggest Frustrations in a Job Search FinanceHow the Financial Choice Act Hurts Americans raceAheadTalking Black At Work Charlie MungerCharlie Munger Says He’s a Big Admirer of President Trump’s Position on China ScamsFake IRS Employees Scammed Victims Out of Nearly $9 Million, Officials Say Leadership4 Reasons Trump’s Tax Plan Is a Tougher Sell Than Trumpcare FinanceThe French Election Made These U.S. Stocks Winners Tax Day 2017Tax Day: Tech (and Other) Toys to Buy With Your Refund The crucial concept is that the Walmart Bank must be organized as a separate subsidiary of the parent Walmart; the latter would become a “bank holding company” (BHC). The Walmart Bank subsidiary would be expected to abide by all prudential regulations that apply to banks. It makes good policy sense for the Walmart Bank to be a subsidiary. Bank regulators’ prudential tasks would be much harder if they had to assess the overall financial health of the Walmart company and its extensive retail operations alongside its banking activities, rather than focusing specifically on the financial services operations of the bank subsidiary. Current U.S. banking policy has much of this story right. But where policy has gone wrong is the insistence that a bank holding company cannot be engaged in “commerce”—i.e., in non-financial services activities. This restriction was first embodied in 1956 legislation and remains established policy for banking in 2017. Its persistence is more a testament to the lobbying strength of incumbent bankers than to any concern about the economic welfare of consumers. However, it’s equally important to consider the potential benefits from Walmart’s entry into banking: The retailer is well known for providing reasonably priced goods to low- and moderate-income households. Related FinanceWhy Greenlight Capital’s David Einhorn Is Going After GM Finance Why Greenlight Capital’s David Einhorn Is Going After GM These households would also be ready recipients of reasonably priced financial services. The percentage of U.S. households that are unbanked (do not have a bank account) or underbanked (have an account but rely on non-bank providers for some financial services/products) has been a longstanding policy concern. Seven percent of all households were unbanked and an additional 20% of all households were underbanked, according to the most recent FDIC data for 2015. The percentages are substantially larger for low- and moderate-income households. Further, since 2009, the percentage of unbanked households has declined only modestly, while the percentage of underbanked households has actually increased. Given Walmart’s general business strategy, the establishment of a “Walmart Bank” would likely lead it to extend more financial services to Walmart’s primary clientele—and thus make an appreciable dent in those percentages. Financial reform advocates should see the benefits of a wider provision of banking services to businesses and to consumers from the elimination of this commerce-finance restriction. This would be a direct way to bring real financial benefits to low- and moderate-income households without any taxpayer subsidies. A revisiting of the commerce-finance restriction should be on the agenda when the Senate begins its consideration of the Financial CHOICE Act if they truly want to make good on the Act’s promise of growth and opportunity for all. Lawrence J. White is a professor of economics at the NYU Stern School of Business and an editor of Regulating Wall Street: CHOICE Act vs. Dodd-Frank, a recently published collection of essays. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Sponsor Gold Hits $700 by 2018? Here’s Where to Stash Your Cash Instead Home | Dr. Edward Yardeni Tags: Clash | Retail | Titans | Amazon | Walmart Clash of the Retail Titans: Amazon Battles Walmart in Grudge Match (Dollar Photo Club/DreamsTime) By Edward Yardeni Friday, 09 Jun 2017 08:45 AM Current | Bio | Archive Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Consumer Staples: Getting Trampled. Proverbs are great at conveying big ideas simply but colorfully. Consider this African proverb: “When elephants fight, it is the grass that suffers.” Simple, yet colorful. Fighting elephants came to mind when Amazon announced this week its plans to offer folks on government assistance a reduced rate to become Prime members. It’s the latest salvo in the battle between Amazon and Walmart to dominate Internet shopping. While the two have been tusking for years, the fight has intensified in recent months, and their suppliers and competitors alike are likely to get trampled in the grass beneath them. You’d never know the elephants are fighting by looking at the industries in the S&P 500 Consumer Staples sector, where many of the suppliers and competitors are housed. Many of them have outperformed in recent weeks and trade at lofty multiples relative to low-single-digit earnings growth expectations. Investors may be turning to the sector because it has historically been a safe haven during times of turbulence, and offers dividends that look attractive in today’s low-interest-rate environment. Could this be the quiet before many of the Consumer Staples industries get trampled? Let’s look: (1) The grocery showdown. There’s no mistaking it: Amazon and Walmart are making a big push to dominate Internet grocery shopping. They’ve both introduced a laundry list of new programs in an effort to woo customers. Personal outlays on food consumed at home totaled $939 billion (saar) during April (Fig. 1). Retail sales of food and beverage stores totaled $713 billion (saar) the same month. The difference between the two series is likely to be mostly the grocery sales of the warehouse clubs and super stores (Fig. 2). In other words, it’s a huge and natural arena for fighting elephants. Amazon earlier this week offered a reduced rate for Prime membership—$5.99 a month instead of $10.99 a month—to customers on government assistance. The move comes as Amazon, Walmart, and seven additional retailers are participating in a pilot program that will allow food stamps to be used to purchase groceries online beginning next year, according to the US Department of Agriculture. In addition, Amazon opened two grocery pickup locations in Seattle recently, and it lowered its free shipping threshold to $25—after Walmart lowered its threshold to $35, Recode reported on 6/6. Meanwhile, Walmart bought Internet retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion last year, and it added discounts for anyone picking up packages in the store. Walmart is also testing a program where its workers are paid if they drop off packages ordered online on their way home from work. The rapid succession of new initiatives gives the impression that both companies are throwing food at the wall to see what sticks. In the meantime, other retailers—whether they be grocery stores like Kroger, larger-format stores like Target and Costco, or dollar stores—have to be wondering what the grass will look like after the elephants finish fighting. (2) Price slashing. Margins are already notoriously thin in the grocery business. But as Walmart and Amazon get even more competitive, they reportedly are asking suppliers to cut prices. According to a 3/30 Recode article, Walmart told some of its largest suppliers that it wants to have the lowest price on 80% of its sales. “To accomplish that, the brands that sell their goods through Walmart would have to cut their wholesale prices or make other cost adjustments to shave at least 15 percent off. In some cases, vendors say they would lose money on each sale if they met Walmart’s demands,” the Recode article stated. “Brands that agree to play ball with Walmart could expect better distribution and more strategic help from the giant retailer. And to those that didn’t? Walmart said it would limit their distribution and create its own branded products to directly challenge its own suppliers.” Amazon is also twisting arms. The Recode 3/30 article reports that Amazon has software that finds the lowest price online for an item and then matches it on Amazon, even if it means the sale is unprofitable. “Unprofitable items are known inside Amazon as [CR*P] products—the acronym stands for ‘Can’t Realize a Profit.’ … When Amazon warns suppliers that a product is pre-[CR*P], meaning it’s in jeopardy of being kicked off the site for profitability issues, it makes demands. Oftentimes, to lower wholesale prices. But that doesn’t always work, especially if a brand has the leverage of also selling into Walmart, which is still the biggest retail customer for many manufacturers.” So Amazon may move the product to a different part of its site that charges an additional shipping fee or prevent advertisement of the product on its website. (3) Safety sells. Despite the upheaval in the retail space, the S&P 500 Consumer Staples index has turned in a strong performance over the past four weeks along with Utilities as defensive sectors have outperformed and Treasury yields have dropped. Here’s the performance derby of the S&P 500 sectors for the four weeks through Tuesday’s close: Utilities (4.7%), Consumer Staples (3.9), Tech (3.4), Materials (1.8), Health Care (1.7), Real Estate (1.6), S&P 500 (1.4), Telecom Services (0.9), Industrials (0.5), Consumer Discretionary (0.2), Financials (-1.6), and Energy (-2.3) (Table). During the past four weeks, numerous industries in the Staples sector have outperformed the broader market, including: Tobacco (7.6%), Soft Drinks (5.0), Distillers & Vintners (4.8), Personal Products (4.5), Packaged Foods & Meets (4.1), Hypermarkets & Super Centers (3.8), Household Products (3.7), and Brewers (3.5). Meanwhile, the S&P 500 has returned 1.4% over the same four-week period from May 9 through Tuesday. Before jumping into Consumer Staples, remember that the elephants are fighting and the sector’s forward P/E, at 20.5, is almost three times the 7.2% earnings growth analysts are expecting over the next 12 months (Fig. 3 and Fig. 4). That’s pricier than the multiple of earnings that investors are paying for stocks broadly: The S&P 500 sports a lower forward P/E of 17.6 yet higher forward earnings growth of 11.3%. (4) Food retailers. Given the battle between Walmart and Amazon, it’s ironic that one of the Consumer Staples’ industries with the most stretched valuation is S&P 500 Food Retail (KR, WFM). It has forward earnings growth of only 3.4%, yet the shares trade with a forward multiple of 15.4 (Fig. 5 and Fig. 6). Its earnings growth rate has come down from north of 10%, where it routinely stood from 2012 to 2014. The last time earnings growth was this low was in 2009, when the P/E was much lower at 8.7. In addition to the Amazon/Walmart battle, there’s a new company entering the fray. German grocer Lidl is opening its first 10 stores in the US this month. Over the next year, the company plans to open a total of 100 stores, and its ultimate goal is to have 600 stores in the US to complement the 10,000 stores it has in 27 European countries, according to a 5/17 Business Insider article. Food retailers have been slashing prices in response to increased competition. Declining prices led Kroger to report its first earnings decline in 13 years for Q4-2016, the 3/2 WSJ reported. Hypermarkets & Super Centers (COST, WMT), which is expected to grow earnings by 5.0% over the next 12 months, sports a forward P/E of 20.8 (Fig. 7 and Fig. 8). Dollar stores and Target are in the Consumer Discretionary sector, but we thought we’d mention them anyway. They’re in the S&P 500 General Merchandise Stores industry (DG, DLTR, and TGT), which has already fallen 12.4% ytd. Analysts are calling for forward earnings in the industry to fall 1.4%, and the industry’s P/E has dropped to 14.6 from a recent high of 19.6 in 2015 (Fig. 9 and Fig. 10). (5) Pricing pressures? As Walmart and Amazon race to offer Internet shoppers products with the lowest prices, their suppliers’ profits are at risk of being squeezed. Yet investors in the S&P 500 Consumer Staples Household Products index (CHD, CL, CLX, KMB, PG) don’t appear concerned. The industry has a forward P/E of 22.1, even though it’s expected to grow earnings by only 6.6% over the next year (Fig. 11 and Fig. 12). Along the same lines, the S&P 500 Soft Drinks industry (DPS, KO, MNST, PEP) is projected to boost earnings by 4.8% over the next year, but it has a forward P/E of 22.8 (Fig. 13 and Fig. 14). (6) Better prospects. There are some Consumer Staples industries that offer faster growth and lower multiples than the ones mentioned above. Not surprisingly, many of them don’t sell their products through Walmart or Amazon. Agricultural Products (ADM), for example, has a forward P/E below its earnings growth rate. The industry is expected to grow earnings by 16.6% over the next year and has a forward P/E of 14.6 (Fig. 15 and Fig. 16). Similarly, the S&P 500 Brewers (TAP) is expected to grow earnings by 23.8% over the next 12 months because Molson Coors Brewing acquired SABMiller’s 58% stake in MillerCoors. The industry has a forward P/E of 14.2 (Fig. 17 and Fig. 18). As the deal is anniversaried, the industry’s earnings growth rate is expected to decelerate to 6.5% in 2018. Shares of Molson Coors fell 6.5% yesterday after the company said costs would rise this year and its EBITDA margin estimate disappointed investors, the FT reported. Two other industries with lower valuations are Drug Retail and Tobacco. The S&P 500 Drug Retail index (CVX, WBA) peaked in 2015 and has fallen 25.0% since then (Fig. 19). When the shares were at their peak, the industry’s forward P/E was roughly 21. Today, its forward P/E has fallen to 13.6, and earnings growth has tumbled to 6.8%, down from double digits in years past (Fig. 20 and Fig. 21). The best-performing Consumer Staples industry is Tobacco, up 22.5% ytd, followed by Distillers & Vintners (20.1%) and Personal Products (18.5) (Fig. 22). Tobacco companies have had strong results in the US because they’ve increased prices to more than offset declining volumes of cigarettes sold. “The number of cigarettes sold in the U.S. fell by 37% from 2001 to 2016, according to Euromonitor. Over the same period, though, companies raised prices, boosting cigarette revenue by 32%, to an estimated $93.4 billion last year. An average pack in the U.S. cost an estimated $6.42 in 2016, up from $3.73 in 2001, according to TMA, an industry trade group,” the 4/23 WSJ reported. In addition, Tobacco stocks have been helped by M&A activity. There is speculation that Philip Morris International will buy Altria, and Reynolds American is in the midst of being acquired by British American Tobacco. Companies are also developing products that heat tobacco and release nicotine in a vapor. “Philip Morris says its internal studies have shown that by avoiding combustion, the product prevents or reduces the release of many harmful compounds. The company has asked the FDA for authorization to market IQOS as less harmful than cigarettes through a partnership here with Altria,” the WSJ article stated. Even though vaping products are not marketed to kids, kids are vaping, presumably drawn to the practice by fruity flavors and the desire to be like their friends. Hopefully, history isn’t about to repeat. The S&P 500 Tobacco industry (MO, PM, RAI) is expected to boost earnings 9.4% over the next year, and its forward P/E has climbed to 23.0, the highest it has been over the past 22 years (Fig. 23 and Fig. 24). Dr. Ed Yardeni is the President of Yardeni Research, Inc., a provider of independent global investment strategy research. Posts by Edward Yardeni Hard Economic Data Remain Soft Equity ETFs See Record Cash Inflow, While Equity Mutual Funds Hemorrhage View More Posts by Edward Yardeni Newsmax Blogs: Lance Roberts: Bonds Reflect Weak Economics and Fears of Legislative Progress Larry Kudlow: A Simple Get-It-Done-Now Economic Plan for Trump in 3 Easy Pieces View More Newsmax Blogs © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share EdwardYardeni Fighting elephants came to mind when Amazon announced this week its plans to offer folks on government assistance a reduced rate to become Prime members. It’s the latest salvo in the battle between Amazon and Walmart to dominate Internet shopping. Clash, Retail, Titans, Amazon, Walmart 1966 Friday, 09 Jun 2017 08:45 AM 2017-45-09 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented CNBC's Ron Insana: Jobs Report Could Be Start of 'Worrying Trend' Friday, 02 Jun 2017 | 31 comments Believe nothing - absolutely nothing that originates from Ron Insana. He... Jim Rogers: Investors Should Avoid US, Pour Cash Into Russia, Japan Wednesday, 07 Jun 2017 | 23 comments Hey Jim, the people in America are trying to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN... The World's $100 Trillion Question: Why Is Inflation So Low? Tuesday, 06 Jun 2017 | 19 comments Where's the inflation? Anyone who goes food shopping or shopping for basic... Retail Broker: Up to 10,000 US Brick and Mortar Stores to Shut This Year Friday, 09 Jun 2017 | 19 comments Retailers are already abandoning their bricks & mortars. "Stores" are... Report: Fossil-Fuel Divestment to Cost Pensions $5 Trillion Over 50 Years Thursday, 08 Jun 2017 | 18 comments Then let the billionaires and millionaires invest their money in cleaner... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Latest News Dow 21,272 +89.44 +0.42% Nasdaq 6,208 -113.84 -1.80% S&P 500 2,432 -2.02 -0.08% 6/09 Updated Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot 6/09 Updated These women born before suffrage share their thoughts on the Trump era 6/09 Updated Soon you’ll be able to check into flights with a fingerprint — but should you? 6/09 Updated Is social media the new court of law for fashion copycats? 6/09 Updated Mortgages are unaffordable in half of America’s largest housing markets 6/09 Updated Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree all entrepreneurs need this quality 6/09 Updated Jerry Seinfeld reveals why he declined (three times) to hug Kesha 6/09 Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Updated The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel 6/09 BREAKING: James Comey’s congressional testimony drew 19.5 million viewers 6/09 Updated Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close 6/09 Opinion Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks 6/09 Is the largest inflow into bonds in over 2 years an ominous sign for bears or bulls? 6/09 Updated 2-year Treasury yield notches largest weekly gain since April 6/09 Airline passengers reach a new low and Jerry Seinfeld explains why he declined a hug 6/09 This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Trump: Qatar Funds Terrorism at 'Very High Level' 6/09 Updated Wall Street’s fear index bounces off 23-year low as tech stocks sink 6/09 Updated Trump Today: President says he didn’t ask Comey to ‘pledge allegiance’ to him 6/09 Exxon says it didn’t mislead investors on climate, calls claims ‘reckless’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Discount, Variety Stores Stock Performance Review -- Wal-Mart Stores, Target, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, and Tuesday Morning By Published: June 9, 2017 6:20 a.m. ET Share NEW YORK, June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- NEW YORK, June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Discount Variety Stores industry retails general merchandise such as apparel, automotive parts, dry goods, hardware, groceries, and home furnishings. Typically, industry operators retail these goods at discounted prices. For today, DailyStockTracker.com observes the most recent performances of the following four equities: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +0.62% Target Corp. TGT, +4.16% Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc. OLLI, +0.35% and Tuesday Morning Corp. TUES, +2.56% These free stocks reports are currently available on DailyStockTracker.com. Simply sign up for your complimentary member access at:http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ Wal-Mart Stores  Bentonville, Arkansas headquartered Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s stock finished Thursday's session 0.28% lower at $78.93. A total volume of 10.91 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 7.80 million shares. Over the last month and the previous three months, the Company's shares have advanced 2.88% and 12.98%, respectively. Additionally, the stock has gained 14.19% since the start of this year. Shares of the Company are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 4.56% and 10.65%, respectively. Moreover, shares of Wal-Mart Stores, which operates retail stores in various formats worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 60.84. On May 19 [th] , 2017, research firm Telsey Advisory Group reiterated its 'Outperform' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $82 a share to $84 a share. On June 08 [th] , 2017, Wal-Mart Stores announced that during Walmart Wellness Day on June 17 [th] , 2017, it will offer free health screenings in its more than 4,600 locations across the country, from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. local time. This year, the Company is helping to extend the event beyond a single day by teaming up with the American Diabetes Association to offer support to people who are at risk of developing type-2 diabetes. Your complete research report on WMT can be retrieved for free at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=WMT Target  Shares in Minneapolis, Minnesota headquartered Target Corp. rose 0.29%, ending yesterday's session at $54.63 with a total trading volume of 5.76 million shares. The stock is trading 0.81% below its 50-day moving average. Shares of the Company, which operates as a general merchandise retailer, have an RSI of 45.59. On May 17 [th] , 2017, Target reported a Q1 2017 comparable sales decline of 1.3%. GAAP earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations for Q1 2017 were $1.22, compared with $1.02 in Q1 2016, which included $261 million of pre-tax early debt retirement losses. The Company also reported adjusted EPS of $1.21 during the quarter, down 6.1% from $1.29 in 2016. On May 18 [th] , 2017, research firm Telsey Advisory Group reiterated its 'Market Perform' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $58 a share to $60 a share. A free report on TGT is just a click away at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=TGT Ollie ' s Bargain Outlet Holdings  On Thursday, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania headquartered Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc.'s stock climbed 0.58%, to close the day at $43.10. A total volume of 713,131 shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 635,200 shares. The Company's shares have advanced 9.25% in the last one month, 35.53% in the previous three months, and 51.49% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 13.38% and 36.97% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Ollie's Bargain Outlet, which operates as a retailer of brand name merchandise, have an RSI of 67.93. On May 30 [th] , 2017, research firm MKM Partners downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Buy' to 'Neutral'. On May 31 [st] , 2017, the Company announced financial results for Q1 ended April 29 [th] , 2017. Total net sales for the quarter were $227.6 million; comparable store sales increased 1.7%; operating income was $27.3 million; net income was $19.0 million; and net income per diluted share was $0.29. Adjusted net income for Q1 2017 was $16.0 million; adjusted net income per diluted share was $0.25; and adjusted EBITDA was $32.1 million. Sign up for your complimentary research report on OLLI at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=OLLI Tuesday Morning  Shares in Dallas, Texas headquartered Tuesday Morning Corp. ended the day 5.41% higher at $1.95. A total volume of 928,888 shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 890,860 shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 28.56%. Furthermore, shares of Tuesday Morning, which operates as a retailer of upscale decorative home accessories, housewares, seasonal goods, and gifts in the US, have an RSI of 39.22. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and download the latest research report on TUES at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=TUES Daily Stock Tracker:  Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com Phone number: (207)331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage 5 insights from a retail trader who claims he parlayed $600 into $100,000 Former FBI Director James Comey Testimony Jerry Seinfeld reveals why he declined (three times) to hug Kesha Quote References WMT +0.49 +0.62% TGT +2.27 +4.16% OLLI +0.15 +0.35% TUES +0.05 +2.56% Most Popular Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close Film Clip: 'The Mummy' MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.42 +0.49 (+0.62%) Volume 9.2M Open $79.03 High $79.56 Low $78.72 P/E Ratio 18.01 Div Yield 2.57 Market Cap 237.9B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $56.90 +2.27 (+4.16%) Volume 7.6M Open $54.96 High $57.07 Low $54.73 P/E Ratio 11.61 Div Yield 4.22 Market Cap 30.1B Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: OLLI $43.25 +0.15 (+0.35%) Volume 690.5K Open $43.20 High $43.50 Low $42.88 P/E Ratio 40.8 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.6B Tuesday Morning Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: TUES $2.00 +0.05 (+2.56%) Volume 719.0K Open $1.95 High $2.05 Low $1.95 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 87.9M
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Q&A: What leaving the Paris climate deal means for business By Associated Press Published: 07:50 EDT, 9 June 2017 | Updated: 07:50 EDT, 9 June 2017 e-mail The impact of President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement will differ for companies depending on what they produce and whether they have sales overseas. Formally, it may take more than three years for the U.S. to exit, but Trump said last week that his administration will stop all work on the accord immediately. A look at some key questions about the accord and Trump's decision. FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. President Donald Trump's decision to abandon the Paris climate agreement will have different impacts on different US companies, depending on what they make and whether they do business overseas. Walmart, which launched program in April 2017 to remove one gigaton of emissions from its supply chain by 2030, said after Trump's announcement that its own commitment to renewable energy and lower emissions was good for business and the environment. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) DID THE ACCORD SET RULES FOR BUSINESSES? No, the agreement let governments decide how to meet their national emissions-reduction promises. BUT DID WE KNOW WHICH INDUSTRIES WOULD HAVE BEEN AFFECTED MOST? Actions of the Obama administration drew a map. Obama-era regulations such as the Clean Power Plan targeted reductions from coal and methane leakage from natural gas drilling. It reiterated tough fuel-efficiency standards for automakers. A study cited by Trump during his Rose Garden announcement predicted that the biggest decline in production would have been in the cement, coal and steel industries, with oil and gas also losing out. Critics dismissed many numbers in the study, which was commissioned by longtime opponents of environmental regulation, but the list of target industries was probably accurate. WILL WITHDRAWING PROVE A BOON FOR ENERGY COMPANIES? Leaving Paris, along with Trump's other moves to roll back regulations on oil and gas producers, could spur drilling. But if that leads to lower prices by extending the glut of crude, any gain might be temporary. Jason Bordoff, an energy expert at Columbia University, said production "will be determined far more by market conditions, like the price of oil and gas, than by scrapping the Obama-era environmental regulations." WHY DID BIG OIL COMPANIES WANT THE U.S. TO STAY IN THE ACCORD? Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell said they favored a predictable structure like the Paris agreement for regulating emissions. David Cherney, an energy expert at PA Consulting Group, said they also feared a backlash - carbon tariffs or consumer boycotts - in countries that are sticking with the accord. The big oil companies sell natural gas - Exxon is the biggest gas producer in the U.S. - which could benefit if the Paris accord further curtails production of coal, a rival fuel for generating electricity. WILL RENEWABLE ENERGY BE HURT BY TRUMP'S DECISION? Renewables are small but growing percentage of the U.S. energy mix. The energy department predicts that nearly two-thirds of new power-generation capacity added this year will come from solar and wind. Renewables are now often competitive on price with fossil fuels. Critics say Trump's move will cost the U.S. a chance to lead the world in developing clean technology. "The U.S. is not going to benefit from this as much as it could," said Christine Lins of REN21, a nonprofit that promotes renewable energy. But others believe that states will pick up the slack, and renewables will be fine. Last week, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced a plan to spend $1.5 billion to make renewables half the state's electricity supply by 2030. And in California, the state Senate voted to require all the state's electricity come from renewable energy by 2045 and to move up a 50 percent goal by four years, to 2026. WILL TRUMP FULFILL HIS CAMPAIGN PLEDGE TO BRING BACK COAL JOBS? Robert Murray, the CEO of coal producer Murray Energy, said that by withdrawing, Trump was "saving coal jobs, and promoting low-cost, reliable electricity for Americans and the rest of the world." By reducing regulations on coal, Trump will help the industry, but the effect will be muted because his deregulation agenda is also likely to boost production of natural gas. "To the extent that more natural gas comes out of the ground because of Trump policies, it's not good news for coal," said Kevin Book, an analyst at ClearView Energy Partners. Coal's biggest problem, however, is the fracking revolution that has made natural gas abundant and cheap. Leaving the Paris accord and killing the Clean Power Plan won't change that, said James Van Nostrand, who directs an energy center at West Virginia University. "Maybe some coal plants won't be retired as quickly as they otherwise would have, but it's not going to bring coal jobs back," Van Nostrand said. Just 51,000 Americans work as coal miners, down from 151,000 in 1987 and 85,000 in 2009. Coal mines are increasingly automated and don't need many workers. Trump last week trumpeted the opening of a new mine in Pennsylvania. That mine, however, will only employ 70 to 100 miners, according to the company. Amy Myers Jaffe of the University of California, Davis, said if the U.S. funds research into so-called clean-coal technology like carbon capture it could create an export market for U.S. coal and the technology itself even as U.S. coal demand falls. LOTS OF CORPORATE CEOs ENDORSED THE ACCORD; WERE ANY BUSINESS SECTORS SCARED? Although some of America's best-known big companies supported the Paris deal, many small-business owners worried about the potential for higher energy bills and costly new environmental regulations. They cheered Trump's decision. Small businesses in the clean energy sector say they expect demand for their services to keep growing. WILL COMPANIES KEEP THEIR OLD PROMISES TO LIMIT CARBON EMISSIONS? Most say they will. Walmart, which launched a program in April to remove one gigaton of emissions from its supply chain by 2030, said after Trump's announcement that its own commitment to renewable energy and lower emissions was good for business and the environment. Citibank, which had urged Trump to keep the U.S. in the accord, said Friday that it would "remain very focused on our own efforts to protect the environment," including its commitment to finance $100 billion in clean energy, infrastructure and technology projects. COULDN'T THE NEXT PRESIDENT JUST RECOMMIT THE U.S. TO THE AGREEMENT? Yes, and that possibility is a strong reason for companies not to react hastily to Trump's decision. Companies weighing investments that will last two or three decades will have to consider whether Trump - and presidential opposition to the Paris agreement- will be gone in January 2021. FILE - In this Thursday, March 16, 2017, file photo, a customer enters a Citibank branch, in New York. President Donald Trump's decision to abandon the Paris climate agreement will have different impacts on different US companies, depending on what they make and whether they do business overseas. Citibank, which had urged Trump to keep the U.S. in the accord, said Friday, June 9, that it would "remain very focused on our own efforts to protect the environment," including its commitment to finance $100 billion in clean energy, infrastructure and technology projects. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - In this Wednesday, Aug. 22, 2007, file photo, Robert Murray, chief executive of Murray Energy Corp., speaks during an interview with an Associated Press reporter in his office at the Crandall Canyon Mine, in Huntington, Utah. President Donald Trump's decision to abandon the Paris climate agreement will have different impacts on different US companies, depending on what they make and whether they do business overseas. Murray, said that by withdrawing, Trump was "saving coal jobs, and promoting low-cost, reliable electricity for Americans and the rest of the world." (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS How Diana secretly recorded hours of tapes pouring out her despair over her imploding marriage to Charles: Soul-baring audio about bulimia Are Demelza and Poldark finding solace together? Eleanor Tomlinson splits from her long-term boyfriend and is 'growing close' to Aidan Turner TOWIE fans BLAST Megan Mckenna for posting 'inappropriate' provocative birthday tribute to 18-year-old sister Milly Racy snap 'He looks over it': Kourtney Kardashian shares unseen family photo of Kanye West to wish him happy birthday (but rapper looks miserable)  Bronzed Made In Chelsea beauty Frankie Gaff flaunts her enviably toned figure in a series of sizzling bikinis during Spanish getaway Lucky Jamie 'It's her mother's house... she stays with her regularly': Louise Redknapp denies living in another property after 'false' claims of rift with husband Jamie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New couple Amber Heard and Elon Musk cosy up to one another during romantic lunch date in Los Angeles Smitten 'Gutted' Harley Judge breaks down in tears as he is voted off Love Island after being rejected by TWO girls... and brands his love rival Chris a 'game player' Khloe Kardashian claims she 'never heard' of designer who accused her of copying... but receipts prove star bought clothes from her It's a fashion Lowe-down: Model Daisy puts on a leggy display in daring slit dress as she leads the glamour at One for the Boys charity ball Pixie Lott shows off her slender legs in silver dress with feather detailing as she leaves fashion ball alongside model fiancé Oliver Cheshire 'No more hiding!' Selena Gomez reveals that she no longer wants to keep her love for The Weeknd under wraps... five months after they were first linked Best mom in town! Angelina Jolie turns $25m LA mansion into a summer fun house for her six kids as she adds 100ft slide to her swimming pool 'He has a game plan': Furious Mandy Longworth becomes the first person to be evicted from the Big Brother house... after Tom gives her the boot  Danniella Westbrook steps out in Poland with a VERY puffy face after revealing she is having a full cosmetic makeover Transformed  Love Island's Jessica Shears 'made leaked sex tape with Bianca Gascoigne's ex Rogan O'Connor... who 'has no idea how it ended up online' 'Everyone licks his a**e!': Big Brother house turns on controversial Arthur Fulford after he rudely brands Hannah a 's**t housemate Jenson Button buys £5million sprawling five-bedroom pad in Los Angeles to be with his new Playboy girlfriend (but don't tell his ex) Plush pad Lennon Gallagher is the spitting image of his rockstar father as he attends the Dunhill show at London Fashion Week Men's Seeing double Make some noise for MC Vorderman! Carol, 56, parties up a storm backstage with unlikely new pals, rap supergroup Rum Committee Neon dream! Hailey Baldwin struts her stuff in bright yellow bikini and unbuttoned shorts while relaxing by the pool in Miami Bold and bright 'I was on drugs and trying to be hilarious': Amanda Bynes explains THAT X-rated Drake tweet as she reveals comeback after arrests and psychiatric hold Lindsay Lohan is interviewed by police three times in London after £24,000 of her ex-fiancé's belongings are 'stolen' Police probe 'You're not going in that dress, are you?' What Charles told Diana before their first joint public engagement... and how it was a 'horrendous occasion'  'I still want him': Big Brother's Rebecca Jane, 32, reveals she still fancies her toyboy employee Kieran, 24, while he insists they're just friends Adriana Lima dazzles in a glittering gold gown as she goes hand-in-hand with pregnant Ana Beatriz Barros on the catwalk at Dosso Dossi show in Turkey Surf's up! Hilaria Baldwin shows off her envy-inducing body in bikini as she hits the beach with Alec and the kids Family time Coleen Rooney slips her enviable curves into skimpy pastel bikini as she enjoys SECOND sun-soaked family holiday in a month with Wayne in Mykonos Perky Bella Hadid suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she goes braless in a sheer black top and skimpy white miniskirt for meetings in Paris Pixie Lott wows in a form-fitting peach suit and towering heels as she kicks off London Fashion Week Men's in style at star-studded charity ball Geri Horner pays tribute to late friend George Michael in Choose Life T-shirt as she spends quality time with baby son Monty... and hints at new project Nicole Murphy grocery shops in chambray dress... and reveals what she looks for in a man Eddie's ex wife defied her years Aidan Turner looks dapper in a dark navy suit at Men's Fashion Week in London amid rumours he is 'cosying up' toPoldark co-star Eleanor Tomlinson SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is former Doctor Who star Matt Smith about to get down on one knee for Lily James? Tried on rings Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and Dick Tracy star Glenne Headly dies aged 62 Her rep confirmed the sad news on Friday Kissing on the lips! Kylie Jenner plants smooch on blonde bombshell friend Anastasia as she models risque leather-and-chain bustier 'Time for a zoo visit!' John Legend and Chrissy Teigen take little Luna on her first trip to see the animals as the crooner enjoys a day off from his tour Ariel Winter's sister slams their estranged mom for criticizing the 18-year-old's clothing... before revealing the actress has 'no interest' in her birth mother Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves looks dapper for the London Fashion Week Men's... after undergoing fat-freezing liposuction in his quest to 'get skinny' 'Thank you for your love beautiful boy': Tom Hardy pens emotional tribute as his beloved dog Woody dies aged six after a battling a muscle disorder Leona Lewis looks every inch the disco diva in a dazzling ivory gown and funky corkscrew curls as she storms charity ball in London Love Island's Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top as she frolics topless by the pool in Mallorca for sizzling shots Fun in the sun  Big Bother! Dreamboys stripper Lotan Carter sends Mandy Longworth into a tizz by performing a raunchy STRIPTEASE with Arthur Fulford Tum-thing to say? Defiant Halle Berry, 50, flaunts her flat stomach in a tight sheer top after hitting out at pregnancy speculation Impeccably toned  Jeremy McConnell shrugs off rumours of relationship trouble with on/off love Stephanie Davis... as he heads out for a jog in their hometown of Liverpool 'They're working on things': TOWIE's Megan McKenna jets to Vegas with on-off beau Pete Wicks... as she CONFIRMS they are rebuilding romance Just rolled out of bed? Katie Price turns heads in a silk pyjama suit and fluffy slippers as she enjoys a day out in Manchester Boudoir chic Leggy lady! Olivia Munn showcases her svelte physique in slashed Daisy Dukes as she steps out in New York Stylish Come on Andy! Devoted tennis WAG Kim Murray cheers on her husband from the sidelines as he takes a beating at the French Open semi-finals Michael Jackson's frail mother Katherine, 87, makes rare outing in wheelchair after accusing nephew Trent Jackson of elder abuse Family outing Birthday girl! Natalie Portman hides her post-baby body in a loose dress as she celebrates 36th birthday with low-key lunch Loose attire Ibiza Weekender's Hayley Fanshaw dons VERY plunging swimsuit in Magaluf... amid rumours she will 'confront former BFF Ellie on Big Brother' Shine bright like a diamond! Ruby Rose sparkles in stunning photographs from Swarovski's new advertising campaign Model moment How Diana heard Charles on the phone in his bath to Camilla saying: 'Whatever happens, I will always love you'  Secret recording How I got the tapes that made history: ANDREW MORTON says Diana's audacity was breathtaking as she left a searing testimony on life as a royal  'My knickers will remain firmly on!' Love Island's Jessica dashes Dom's hopes of anything more... while a joke between Amber and Kem goes wrong 'I can't cope!' Frankie Essex proudly shows off her flat stomach in skimpy bikini as she reveals she's lost 3Ibs in five days at bootcamp in the Algarve 'I regret most of them!' David Beckham is ridiculed by James Corden for his infamous fashions fails as he recreates wedding day look with Emily Blunt Rock chick Noomi Rapace debuts peroxide pixie crop... as she goes for punk vibes at Oliver Spencer show during Men's London Fashion Week Bikini pinup! Blac Chyna displays colorful tattoos and bountiful bosom in swimsuit... seven months after welcoming Rob Kardashian's baby Feels like home: Iggy Azalea shares throwback snaps of her humble family abode in her native country Australia Back to her roots 'I needed a second to breathe!': Selena Gomez reveals working in Hollywood since age 11 wore her down but now she's 'healthy, happy' Back to her old self Sweat it out! Nicole Richie hits the gym for an intense fitness session with Gwyneth Paltrow's favorite trainer  Working up a sweat Lottie Moss flaunts her enviably toned legs in a tiny black playsuit as she joins MIC's Emily Blackwell in Ibiza... after spending VERY boozy day by the pool  Bright idea! Gwyneth Paltrow wears orange top to plug LA Goop pop-up shop offering $195 sweatshirts and $110 face oil Bright Busty Daisy Lowe power dresses in a pinstriped suit and low-cut top as she leads the front row glamour at Berthold's LFWM show Leading the way Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly exhibits her show-stopping frame in bridal bikini with veil and train as she brings her hen do to Ibiza  Fashion brand accuses Kylie Jenner of COPYING camo clothes with near-identical designs - and shares emails from star's team who placed an order  Love Island's Kady McDermott boosts her eye-popping assets with racy push-up bikini adorned with blingy touches as she lives it up in Ibiza Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry will have one-time rumored girlfriend in the delivery room when she gives birth instead of baby daddy Awkward She means business! TOWIE's Lauren Pope cuts a smart figure in a fitted red T-shirt and pinstripe trousers as she attends seminar Office appropriate  Natural beauty! Makeup free Margot Robbie flaunts her enviable figure in tight activewear leggings as she steps out for workout in Los Angeles Make-up free Drew Barrymore is casual chic as she pushes cart full of flowers after sweet trip to the Museum of Ice Cream Running errands 'It was a disaster': Russell Brand reveals he once auditioned to be in 90s boyband 5IVE during a 'drug-induced frenzy' Unexpected  Birds of a feather shop together! TOWIE's Gemma Collins carries a stuffed flamingo as she steps out in a monochrome blouse and ripped jeans Superhero smooch! Luke Cage co-stars Mike Colter and Rosario Dawson film passionate kiss scene in New York City Steamy How Wonder Woman socked it to Hollywood's sexists: Cinemas are filled with girl-only audiences amid record takings despite chauvinist warnings 'I want it to be Emily's show!': Julie Andrews, 81, explains why she won't appear in Mary Poppins Returns opposite Blunt as the magical nanny Blonde at the beach! Makeup-free Julia Roberts, 49, appears youthful as she gets hit by a sea breeze while heading to lunch in Malibu Party of one! Flawless Neve Campbell showcases her toned arms in colorblock outfit at Women of Influence event Elegant Effortlessly stylish! Natural beauty Katie Holmes looks relaxed in a white t-shirt and jeans as she steps out for dinner date at Nobu Low key She can't stop laughing! Zoe Kravitz cracks up while talking about new comedy Rough Night as she stuns in black mini dress EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll defends friendship with 'sweet' Marco Pierre White Jr... after having fat-freezing liposuction to 'get skinny' for the summer 'Stunningly beautiful babies': Amal Clooney's mother Baria Alamuddin gushes over becoming a grandmother to newborn twins Ella and Alexander Proud grandmother  A star in stripes! Ashley Greene wears nautical top and tiny denim shorts as she enjoys casual outing in Los Angeles Stepping out TOWIE's Chloe Meadows shows off her toned abs in a cutaway cobalt one-piece as she goes boating on trip to Vietnam Blue-tiful! Urban gypsy! Heidi Klum covers up her supermodel curves by layering a jacket on top of a dress and jeans as she strolls in NYC Laid back look One of the kids! Gwen Stefani, 47, looks youthful in pink tank top and funky hairstyle as she takes her three children shopping in Beverly Hills 'Hips rounder, thighs thicker': Padma Lakshmi poses in a bikini as she comments on weight gain during filming of Top Chef Confident in her curves Heads up, Scott! First trailer for Bella Thorne's movie You Get Me, where she plays a deranged jilted ex-lover, is released after Disick fling goes sour Make-up free Kendall Jenner, 21, cuts a casual figure on a low-key night out... as she puts her first property on the market for a cool $1.6million Scantily-clad Little Mix ooze sass and sex appeal as they enlist the help of Stormzy and a bevy of RuPaul's Drag Race stars for new music video Power 'I'm an old romantic': Melanie Sykes, 46, jokes she'd be 'asking for trouble on Tinder' as she steps out in a flirty floral dress to promote Blind Date Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen flaunts her figure in gold bikini in Ibiza... as viewers jump to her defense following THAT 'disgusting' Marnie Simpson brawl 'How insane are you to call that young woman fat?': TV icon Valerie Bertinelli slams internet trolls for criticizing size two Selena Gomez Healthy figure  'Petty and immature' Taylor Swift SLAMMED for re-releasing music on streaming services same time enemy Katy drops new album... as feud escalates 'I'm dating a new dude': Amy Schumer reveals she has moved on from ex Ben Hanisch as she hits Hilarity For Charity event in NYC Moving on Let's paint the town red! Lisa Rinna's girl Delilah Belle Hamlin celebrates high school graduation on night out with sister Amelia Night out Made In Mykonos: Louise Thompson shows off her pert derrière in a metallic bikini in yet another cheeky snapshot from her sun-drenched trip From Bob Dylan's Victoria's Secret ad and David Beckham's fish fingers to Kathy Griffin's squatty potty: Unusual celebrity endorsements you had forgotten about SPOILER ALERT: Sukhvinder Javeed breaks down in tears amid expletive-filled rant about housemate Arthur... as Imran brands him 'threatening' EXCLUSIVE: Jodie Sweetin's ex reveals argument with Fuller House star over dog-sitting a French bulldog was fueled by his 'roid rage' Love match! Lindsey Vonn almost suffers a wardrobe malfunction in daring split skirt as she packs on the PDA with beau Kenan Smith at the French Open Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in head-to-toe white as she rocks sports-chic ensemble for flight to Paris Oo la la  He's only got eyes for you! Smitten Robin Thicke, 40, gazes adoringly at April Love Geary, 22, as they hold hands in LA terminal Loved-up  Leggy Madison Beer flashes ample assets and hourglass curves in strappy black dress as she heads to birthday bash in Hollywood Justin Bieber's protege  Leggy Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her fabulous figure in a thigh-skimming orange lace dress as she enjoys day out Ageless beauty Katy Perry dances in her kitchen and parties with pals as she takes fans on a house tour for live stream of her life... lasting three days ahead of new album launch 'Shame on you!' Journalist reveals Seal 'stormed off' when asked about his love life ...as Delta Goodrem calls their relationship 'purely platonic' Wild side! Selena Gomez suffers wardrobe malfunction in edgy flank-baring white top while promoting her new song Busting out  Buoy, does she look good! Emily Blunt dons a skimpy hot pink bikini as she leans in for a kiss with husband John Krasinski on a boat in Italy The Black Panther is here! First poster for the Marvel film has Chadwick Boseman on metallic throne as studio reveals plot First look She has a new Friend! Lisa Kudrow laughs it up with Meryl Streep as they honor Diane Keaton at the AFI Awards in Hollywood Two of a kind Love Island's Jessica Shears caught up in a shocking SEX TAPE scandal... just a week after naked photos of the glamour model emerged online 'He's gonna need some sleeping pills!': Tilda Swinton has some words of advice for pal George Clooney now that he has twins with Amal Happily married! Miranda Kerr shows off her stunning wedding ring for the first time as she returns to the runway after marriage to Evan Spiegel Eagle-eyed viewers point out critical flaw in 'awkward' election day scene as Kathy and Jane discuss their election votes on EastEnders 'They torment me': RHOBH's Brandi Glanville insists love rival LeAnn Rimes is 'OBSESSED' with her... amid claims ex Eddie Cibrian is using their kids as 'pawns' Chip off the old block! Cindy Crawford's model children Kaia and Presley Gerber join fashion's elite at Moschino runway show in Los Angeles Taking sexy to the Max(well)! Stella bares ALL on the Moschino runway in sheer gown before hanging out with devoted girlfriend Kristen Stewart Poppy goes dotty! Delevingne looks lovely in a stylish polka print fishtail dress as she attends Jo Malone party in Madrid Sizzling in Spain Baywatch babe Nicola Roberts slips into a plunging scarlet swimsuit as she enjoys the sun at Ibiza fitness retreat Looking good  Olivia Grant shimmers in a mermaid inspired lace and sequin gown as she leads the glamour at Bright Young Things party in London 'I loved him but he had a misplaced sense of priorities': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans blames absent dad for troubled personal life in new tell-all So in love! Ariel Winter dons shimmery thigh-skimming dress as she kisses beau Levi Meaden at LA Dodgers gala Leggy lady  Lily Collins dazzles at star-studded Okja premiere... as she confirms frail father Phil Collins, 66, is 'doing good' in hospital after dramatic fall Suits you! Brad Pitt cuts a dapper figure in gray blazer and trousers for New York City premiere of Netflix film Okja Suited and booted  Sarah Hyland teases eye-popping cleavage in stunning zip front floral dress as she turns heads at Moschino runway show Fabulous in florals  Leggy Fergie flaunts her sensational frame in a thigh-skimming mini dress to attend Moschino's runway show Tanned and toned She's on fire! Hailey Baldwin flashes major cleavage in flame design bodysuit as she and Jasmine Tookes sizzle while walking the Moschino runway show I think aisle wear it again! Katie Piper makes an arrival to remember as she takes to the stage at the Ideal Home Show in wedding dress Hard to stomach! Bella Thorne takes shot at making Scott Disick jealous by flaunting her taut tummy in a sexy black crop top as she heads out in Hollywood Something to tell us?Matt Dillon's girlfriend Roberta Mastromichele sports HUGE sparkler on engagement finger... as they enjoy romantic break in Rome Carefree Joanna Krupa nails casual chic as she goes braless in a tank top and sweatpants to run errands in Studio City Casual yet chic  Jamie Laing can't keep his hands off bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff as they soak up the sun with Made In Chelsea co-stars at boozy pool party in Ibiza Rachel McAdams channels old Hollywood glamour in a plunging floral gown at star studded gala in honour of Diane Keaton Gorgeous in green  'I got really upset': Jerry Seinfeld says he never loses his temper with his kids - apart from the one time he caught his daughter watching KUWTK  'I fake-tried to get pregnant': Khloe Kardashian reveals she pretended to do fertility treatments during troubled marriage with Lamar Odom  Justin Bieber hires Elsa Hosk and a bevy of sizzling Victoria's Secret beauties including Jasmine Tookes, Stella Maxwell and Sara Sampaio for newly released 2U video Holly Willoughby's weight loss regime revealed... after This Morning star showcased her slimline figure at Glamour Awards The secret's out One Direction... up! Harry Styles climbs to the top of London's Westminster City Hall for impromptu gig for James Corden's Late Late Show Rachel Weisz reveals she was EXPELLED from school after doing 'multiple bad things' during glamorous appearance on The Graham Norton Show Defiant Vogue Williams sports floaty florals o on night out...  after being branded 'cruel and stupid' over call for internment of Muslim terror suspects Elegant Lily James dazzles in a metallic fringed dress as she joins casual Liz Hurley for a glamorous dinner date  Gorgeous in grey  Delighted Emily Blunt says daughter Hazel, 3, got her British accent back while living in London for Mary Poppins filming  Super Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples AGAIN in a semi-sheer top and skirt as she arrives in Los Angeles Bold display  Kovered up! Make-up free Kylie Jenner takes a break from her racy costumes as she wears baggy sweats for a smoothie run in LA Au natural  In bed with Sahara! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Ray poses TOPLESS as she reveals her G-string clad posterior in raunchy Instagram snap   Age-defying Andie MacDowell, 59, oozes glamour as she steps out in a plunging floor-length gown for AFI's Lifetime Achievement Gala Leggy Sistine Stallone shows off her slender frame in bardot top and mini-skirt as she poses alongside sister Sophia at book launch Sister act  'I've got no doubt it will happen': Olly Murs says he's STILL desperate to mend eight-year family rift... after his estranged brother said he'd 'moved on' New mom Irina Shayk shows off her flawless complexion as she goes make-up free in skinny jeans for a day out in NYC Model moment  That's a Lottie drink! Bikini-clad mini-Moss sips from a HUGE pitcher of drink and smokes by the pool as she spends a very boozy day with MIC cast Forget Idris Elba! David Beckham stakes claim to be the new 007 opposite Bond girl James Corden on Late Late Show Shaken and stirred  Front-and-center fashionista! Kate Beckinsale beams at Moschino runway show as she sits alongside Sarah Hyland, Vanessa Hudgens, and Fergie Aztec camera! Vanessa Hudgens causes explosion of flashbulbs on the red carpet in native American print dress at Moschino show  Who's bovvered? Ashley Graham pours curves into wet-look black pants and patterned jacket with platform boots at Moschino show in LA Devoted! Kristen Stewart supports Stella Maxwell backstage as she struts her stuff at Moschino Resort Collection show in LA Perfect pair  International love! Britney Spears matches hunky beau Sam Asghari in pink as they enjoy break from world tour in Japan Pink to make him wink  EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa displays her toned arms on a food run... after showing off her fab abs ahead of Dan Osborne wedding Awkward! Nicola Peltz keeps her eyes wide open as boyfriend Anwar Hadid passionately kisses her during shopping trip Got her eye on him  Queen of the crop! Hailey Baldwin flashes steely abs and incredibly trim waist in cropped Supreme hoodie Abs-olutely fabulous  Soccer mom! Charlize Theron dazzles in an elegant black midi dress as she carries a checkered ball while arriving to Jimmy Kimmel Sam Thompson is joined by bikini-clad Emily Blackwell as they party in Ibiza... after announcing plans to split with Tiffany Watson for the summer Golden girl! Mandy Moore sparkles in glittering embroidered frock as she attends Television Academy Honors alongside This Is Us co-stars He's getting big! Heidi Montag shares 3D sonogram of her 'angel' son as she prepares to welcome first child with Spencer Pratt  Baby love  Mamma mia! American Pie star Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shares revealing nude selfie at 22 weeks along Bumping along  EXCLUSIVE: Emma Willis 'had no idea' the new Big Brother line up included Ex On The Beach stars... as she addresses THAT awkward launch night chat with Lotan Carter Sin City P-D-A: Kendra Wilkinson and Hank Baskett make out on the red carpet for her racy live Las Vegas Sex Tips show Pucker up  Just the girls! Demi Moore stands out in bright red frock as she spends quality time with daughter Tallulah Willis at book launch Double trouble  Hollywood: The Next Generation! Emma Stone channels Star Trek android Data in black and gold gown at Diane Keaton gala Golden girl  Thanks Annie Hall! Woody Allen pays homage to muse Diane Keaton as he presents actress with AFI's Lifetime Achievement Award in Hollywood Youthful Meg Ryan, 55, stuns in flirty pastel dress and metallic heels as she storms the red carpet at AFI tribute to Diane Keaton Ageless beauty Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on united front as they seem in good spirits at 8-year-old Seraphina's school graduation Friendly exes  All grown up! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber graduates high school and celebrates with a big hug from sister Kaia Beauty and brains  Reese Witherspoon dazzles in a classic little black dress as she honors Diane Keaton at lifetime achievement ceremony Chic and cheerful  Name that tomb! The Mummy co-stars Tom Cruise and Annabelle Wallis dance up a storm on Spanish TV show... after critics PAN their film Isla Fisher looks sensational as she pampers herself at LA hair salon... ahead of her appearance on ABC's The Gong Show Radiant redhead Showing Carmelo what he's missing! La La Anthony vamps it up as she flaunts her fabulous figure in fishnet frock at Power premiere in DC She's got the power Elsa Pataky gives fans a sneak peek into the home she shares with Chris Hemsworth as she shows how she packs a suitcase... and it's not as organised as you would think! 'I do deserve it': Bethenny Frankel mulls $16.5 million townhouse as she looks set to splash out on Million Dollar Listing New York Big investment  Big Brother's Hannah almost comes to blows with Chanelle when the bubbly brunette throws a SLIPPER at her... as half the house is put up for eviction 'That's put me off my sausage sandwich!': Big Brother's Arthur Fullford shocks his fellow housemates by going full-frontal NAKED in the shower Zahida Allen and beau Sean Pratt have a blazing row on hotel balcony in Ibiza... as he admits he finds it hard to 'cut her off' despite cheating with Scotty T Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Cheesy comedy! Anna Faris delivers pizzas on set of Overboard as her glamorous costar Eva Longoria shields herself from the rain in Vancouver 'He's a stuntman in training': Owen Wilson shares video of Jackie Chan fan son Ford leaping head first into pool   Chip off the old block. Coy Nicole Kidman giggles like a schoolgirl when asked what husband Keith Urban whispered in her ear in THAT Cannes red carpet moment No need for Privacy? Chris Brown makes a bold statement as he covers huge wall on Los Anegele house with colorful graffiti artwork Artistic  Take That the musical takes £10m! Show breaks record three months before nationwide tour starts... after stars scored parts through TV show   EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Caroline Flack looks sensational as she poses in an array of form-fitting ensembles for new fashion magazine shoot Love Island's Chloe shares a steamy late-night kiss with womaniser Chris... after the newcomer tries it on with TWO other girls in one day Ibiza Weekender star Hayley Fanshaw sizzles in TINY scarlet swimsuit in Magaluf... after she was 'left raging when BFF Ellie Young ditched her for Big Brother Vicky Pattison puts on an eye-popping as she slips into tiny coral bikini while holding hands with shirtless beau John Noble on Magaluf beach Pretty in pink  Tom Hughes as Ireland's most gorgeous rat-catcher? The award for 2017's Most Ridiculous Thriller should go to Paula, by JIM SHELLEY 'I don't have a boyfriend... or any kids yet': Katy Perry says her puppy has become her closest 'companion' as she is interviewed by a seven-year-old Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Moundsville Police Identify Shoplifting Suspect - WTRF 7 News Sports Weather - Wheeling Steubenville Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY WTRF Top Stories News Bizarre News Crimes and Courts International National Ohio Headlines Pennsylvania Headlines West Virginia Headlines Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Local Temps U.S. National Temps Regional Satellite/Radar Regional Temps School Closings Ohio Valley Weather Watches & Warnings Nature Pics Backyard Weather Video Sports High School Community Contests Features Class of the Valley Summer Events Pet of the Week Honor The Badge Events Calendar A Taste With Rach Wing It On Card My OV Business Directory Excellence in Education Coupon Bug What's On ABC.com ABC News CBS.com CBS News MyNetwork.com About Us Advertise With Us Internship Opportunities Contact Us Closed Captioning or Signal Problems EEO FILES FCC Public Inspection File Report Signal Problems Meet the Team Work With Us WTRF Supports Contests Moundsville Police Identify Shoplifting Suspect Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 4:41 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 4:19 PM EDT By Brooke Chaplain BioEmail Connect Biography bchaplain@wtrf.com Follow @BrookeChaplain UPDATE:  Moundsville Police confirm 41-year-old Michael J. Hannan is the suspect wanted in connection to the alleged shoplifting ring, stealing thousands from local Walmarts. Hannan, who police originally referred to as "Puffy Coat" is from Tampa, Florida. He has ties to the Ohio Valley including several Ohio addresses, and Sgt. Don DeWitt says he is also wanted out of Belmont County. Police believe Hannan created the ring with thefts from Walmarts in Weirton, Zanesville, and Kittanning, Pennsylvania. They say Hannah usually arrives at 5 a.m., fills up a cart, and then exits through the back door to his red Ford Focus SC. A second suspect, referred to as "Red Beard", has mostly targeted the Walmart in Moundsville. That suspect is believed to drive a silver Nissan Murano. If you know any information about Michael Hannan's location, you are urged to call the Moundsville Police at 304-845-1611 or our Anonymous Lauttamus Security Crimefighters tipline at 1-800-223-0312. ORIGINAL: Police believe they've busted a shoplifting ring that has netted the thieves thousands of dollars from local Walmarts. Tate, these thefts have been happening for the past several weeks. And the suspects have stolen nearly five-thousand dollars worth of technology from the Moundsville Walmart alone. The first of the two suspects, whom Police are calling Puffy Coat, has created a shoplifting ring. By allegedly stealing computer equipment, routers and totes from Walmarts in Weirton, Zanesville, and even Kittanning, PA. Police confirm that the suspect usually arrives around 5 A-M,  fills up a cart and then exits through a back fire door to his red Ford Focus S-C. The second suspect, referred to as red beard, has mostly targeted the Walmart in Moundsville. Police say he has allegedly stolen 6 computers from the store in the past week.  He is driving a silver Nissan Murano. "The community can help us out in several ways. We've got pictures of these individuals from Walmart and we've also got pictures of their vehicles. They can call in, they can get on our Facebook page, contact us anonymously, and if they know these people, we would like to know who they are," said Lieutenant Steve Kosek. Lt. Kosek also says that both suspects have stolen more than two-thousand dollars worth of technology each from the Moundsville Walmart. If you know either of these men, please call Moundsville Police. WTRF 96 16th Street Wheeling, WV 26003 Main (304) 232-7777 Fax (304) 233-5822 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WTRF Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Walmart accused of not accepting doctors’ notes, punishing workers for sick days Thursday, June 08, 2017 by: Bridgette Wilcox Tags: corporations, Walmart (Natural News) Employees at Walmart are claiming that the company has been repeatedly violating worker protection law — reportedly refusing doctors’ notes from employees and sanctioning those who have taken time off for taking care of sick family. A Better Balance, a lawyer-driven organization that advocates for workers’ rights, interviewed Walmart employees and surveyed over 1,000 current and former employees to examine how the company’s “absence control program” violated workers’ rights. The organization released their findings in a report called Pointing Out: How Walmart Unlawfully Punishes Workers for Medical Absences. “Many Walmart workers, who are struggling to get by on Walmart hours and wages, live in fear that they are only one sick child or emergency room trip away from losing their job,” the report said, pointing out that workers with illnesses, disabilities, pregnancy-related conditions, injuries, and family health issues are most at risk. The report revealed that the company apparently has many different policies when it comes to attendance, many of which are unclear to employees. Mainly, the employees’ performance and discipline are regulated by a point system. Points are given for various infractions, ranging from talking back to a supervisor, going on long breaks, working slowly, absences, and tardiness. When it comes to attendance, an unauthorized absence means working less than half of a scheduled shift. This earns an employee one full point. Showing up late earns half a point. If an employee does not call to report an absence at least one hour in advance, they earn four points. Even calling 45 minutes before a shift merits four points — which leads to termination for workers who have been with the company for less than six months. Employees who have worked at the company for longer are terminated at the nine point mark within a six-month period. Worryingly, 84.5 percent of respondents who participated in the report agreed that Walmart has a problem of regularly punishing those who have absences due to a disability or serious illness. They also reported being told multiple times by managers that “there is no such thing as an excused absence.” The report included testimonials from current and former employees, many of which reveal a consistent fear among workers that getting necessary medical attention or taking care of their sick loved ones may lead to them getting fired. “My blood pressure peaked out at 194/99 and I nearly passed out. After close monitoring by pharmacy staff it finally came down enough for me to call someone to come pick me up and take me home. I was given half a point for leaving early. I was told nothing could be done. It was policy,” one employee shared in the report. “My daughter was having seizures, I had to take time off to monitor her. They counted it against me…I passed out at work. They sent me to the hospital. The next day, they fired me for it. Walmart is a joke. People have lives outside of work, we get sick, we have children, things happen and Walmart literally covers NOTHING,” another employee said. The report pointed out that these incidents are in violation of several laws, especially the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), which recognizes that there are instances when someone cannot work due to their own or a family member’s medical issues. The picture painted by Walmart’s disgruntled employees is contrary to what the company itself said on their website, where the list of benefits include free access to nurse care managers and health care advisers, medical and dental plans, as well as health reimbursement plans from $500 to $1,000. According to the report, Walmart counts 2.3 million employees all over the world, and had total revenues of nearly $486 billion in the recent fiscal year alone. In the United States, the company has 1.5 million associates across 5,332 stores, making them the biggest private employer in the country. Out of that 1.5 million, over 300,000 have been with the company for 10 years or more, according to Walmart. They also said that over 75 percent of their store management teams earn between $50,000 to $170,000 annually “similar to what firefighters, accountants, and even doctors make.” The report urged that Walmart create a change in policy and ensure that they follow the laws that protect their workers. “All workers at Walmart should feel that they are able to work in a safe environment where disability-related reasonable accommodations, including those for pregnancy, are made and respected. Implementing these changes would help support employees and their families,”the report said. Get more updates on NewsTarget.com. Sources include: ABetterBalance.org Corporate.Walmart.com Previous :Magic mushrooms are safest recreational drug, according to new study Next : Anesthesia for cancer surgery leaves patient with a TWO-DAY erection, followed by permanent erectile dysfunction Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on corporations Walmart accused of not accepting doctors’ notes, punishing workers for sick days Damning legislation would give corporations the power to forcibly vaccinate you and collect your DNA records Just 10 powerful globalist corporations control almost all the food you buy and consume SHOCK REPORT: McDonald’s worker’s uniforms made in U.S. “slave labor” camps Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-06-08-walmart-accused-of-not-accepting-doctors-notes-punishing-workers-for-sick-days.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-06-08-walmart-accused-of-not-accepting-doctors-notes-punishing-workers-for-sick-days.html">Walmart accused of not accepting doctors’ notes, punishing workers for sick days</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Bombshell: James Comey willfully LIED to America about Hillary Clinton criminal investigation after being pressured by Loretta Lynch - NaturalNews.com 15 innocent victims dead after botched vaccine campaign, children as young as 12 years old caught administering vaccines - NaturalNews.com America’s first all-organic fast food restaurant, The Organic Coup, is expanding rapidly by avoiding GMOs, pesticides and antibiotics - NaturalNews.com The 20 biggest cancer lies you've been brainwashed to believe by the criminal fraudsters who run the for-profit cancer industry Derrick Broze of The Conscious Resistance interviewed by the Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com 11 valuable survival tips you can learn from the homeless - NaturalNews.com The power of trace minerals: How tiny elements can do so much for the human body - NaturalNews.com If you believe in liberty, you should be using the BRAVE browser (not chrome)… here’s why - NaturalNews.com Glyphosate weed killer unleashes grotesque chemical deformations in farm animals... two-headed calves, pigs born with no skin, twisted life forms seem spawned from Hell... PHOTOS Google RIGGED search results and now faces a $7 billion fine from EU authorities - NaturalNews.com Ten things you don’t know about the “Bitcoin casino” that could cause you to lose everything - NaturalNews.com See the list of the top 5 most dangerous vaccines whose victims received high payouts from the U.S. government - NaturalNews.com Herd of cows leaps to its death off a 50-meter cliff… is humanity any different? - NaturalNews.com Olive oil nutrient found to HALT brain cancer cells in their tracks - NaturalNews.com Global warming HOAX unravels... globalist science fraud engineered to control humanity, not save it Switzerland may BAN aluminum salts used in deodorants because they cause cancer - NaturalNews.com Could your pet be your new probiotic? - NaturalNews.com Vaccines, cancer and autism: Could a massive Big Pharma cover-up be behind mysterious deaths of holistic doctors? Bombshell: James Comey willfully LIED to America about Hillary Clinton criminal investigation after being pressured by Loretta Lynch - NaturalNews.com Ten alarming, REAL threats to the environment that are widely ignored by “climate change” advocates - NaturalNews.com FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com Trump just SAVED America from the disastrous Paris Climate Treaty fraud - NaturalNews.com Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label If carbon dioxide is so bad for the planet, why do greenhouse growers buy CO2 generators to double plant growth? What you're not being told about the Paris climate agreement - NaturalNews.com Bitcoin “end game” a mathematical certainty even as Japanese and Korean noobs convince kindergarten teachers they’ve stumbled upon a magical source of endless wealth - NaturalNews.com Canola oil: a chemical carcinogen that doesn't belong anywhere near your food The media can no longer hide the truth about Fukushima; the entire world is in danger - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Global warming “hockey stick” data founded on FRAUD… computer models “hacked” to produce warming trend from any data set - NaturalNews.com Al Gore confuses TIDES with global warming ocean rise apocalypse, claims fish are “swimming in the streets” of Miami due to climate change - NaturalNews.com Survival gardening: Why you should grow these 7 edible perennials - NaturalNews.com 15 innocent victims dead after botched vaccine campaign, children as young as 12 years old caught administering vaccines - NaturalNews.com From Bitcoin to climate change: The top 10 things you probably believe that are complete bulls##t - NaturalNews.com See the list of the top 5 most dangerous vaccines whose victims received high payouts from the U.S. government - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com Zinc lozenges proven to greatly speed recovery from colds and flu by 300% - NaturalNews.com Netflix bans “The Red Pill” movie because it contains too much TRUTH - NaturalNews.com This is what happens when you drink celery juice for one month - NaturalNews.com Question: what is trisodium phosphate and what is it doing in our food? Successful marriage depends on husband's attitude: Research What you're not being told about the Paris climate agreement - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com Bombshell: James Comey willfully LIED to America about Hillary Clinton criminal investigation after being pressured by Loretta Lynch - NaturalNews.com Australian parents who don’t vaccinate their children will be fined $14 per week by the authoritarian regime - NaturalNews.com Kathy Griffin sums up the deranged, violent, lunatic Left with video of the bloody, decapitated head of President Trump - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com 10 health benefits of cucumbers Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Drug overdose is now the LEADING cause of death for Americans under 50... Big Pharma's opioid death machine marches on (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Anesthesia for cancer surgery leaves patient with a TWO-DAY erection, followed by permanent erectile dysfunction (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Diet soda consumption during pregnancy leads to OBESE children (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago 15 innocent victims dead after botched vaccine campaign, children as young as 12 years old caught administering vaccines (Naturalnews.com) Olive oil nutrient found to HALT brain cancer cells in their tracks (Naturalnews.com) Cannabis oil (CBD) CURES 12-year-old girl of life-threatening seizures (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Lloyd Blankfein tweets again, but no emojis. Sad. World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Brexit? Trump vs. Comey? Who cares? Stocks up again Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets Before the Bell Romans’ Numeral Investing Guide Fear & Greed Quest Means Business Tech Uber's CEO is under fire. Can he hold onto his job? Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance 5 steps to retire debt-free Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Home Trends Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz U.K. businesses to politicians: Get it together! Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury I flew the newest personal jet. It costs $2 million, parachute included Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Earnings This big retailer isn't getting Amazon-ed by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz May 16, 2017: 10:55 AM ET Is the mall dead? It looks like most builders aren't buying plywood, concrete, bricks and other construction supplies from Amazon. Or even Walmart. They are doing so at Home Depot -- and that's why it is a bright spot in an otherwise gloomy time for traditional retailers. Home Depot reported earnings and revenues that topped Wall Street's forecasts Tuesday. The company also raised its profit outlook for the year. And it reported a same-store sales increase (stores open at least a year) of 5.5% overall and 6% in the US. Home Depot (HD) stock rose 2% in early trading to a new all-time high. The stock is now up nearly 20% this year, making it one of the top performers in the Dow this year -- along with Apple (AAPL, Tech30), McDonald's (MCD) and Visa (V). Home Depot is benefiting from a strong housing market. So is its rival Lowe's (LOW), which will report its latest results on May 24. Shares of Lowe's are up 20% this year as well. During a conference call with analysts Tuesday, Home Depot chief financial officer Carol Tomé said that the housing market continues to grow despite mixed forecasts for the overall economy. Housing prices have been steadily on the rise, which motivates prospective sellers to do home improvement projects to maximize the sale price for their house. Related: Retail train wreck continues as many big chains post declining sales Home Depot isn't ignoring the digital opportunities that have helped Amazon and Walmart either. Quite the contrary. Home Depot CEO Craig Menear said during the conference call that online sales rose 23% in the most recent quarter. But it clearly helps that both Home Depot and Lowe's are specialty stores that sell things that many people still want to buy at physical locations, especially professional builders and contractors. Menear added during the call that sales to its "Pro" customer segment continue to outpace that of average DIY customers looking to fix a broken closet door or leaky faucet. Still, Home Depot remains one of the exceptions in an otherwise dismal environment for many retailers. Related: Rue21 is the latest retailer to file for Chapter 11 Teen apparel retailer Rue21 announced Tuesday it was filing for bankruptcy protection, joining a long and growing list of retailers that have been forced to go the Chapter 11 route, such as Aeropostale, Wet Seal, Pacific Sunwear and The Sports Authority. Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF), once one of the hottest apparel chains for young adults, is looking to sell itself to a buyer as its sales continue to fall. Department stores Macy's (M), Sears (SHLD), JCPenney (JCP), Kohl's (KSS) and Nordstrom (JWN) have been struggling to compete with Amazon and Walmart as well. And two other retailers reported weak sales and gave sluggish outlooks on Tuesday -- T.J. Maxx and Marshalls owner TJX (TJX) and Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS). Shares of TJX fell 4% on the news while Dick's stock plunged 12%. That makes the gains for Home Depot on Tuesday all the more impressive. The company's signature color is orange. But perhaps Home should change that to green instead. It's one of the few traditional retailers not in the red lately, after all. CNNMoney (New York) First published May 16, 2017: 10:44 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Uber needs a grown-up CEO if it wants to go public Need a distraction? The Powerball jackpot is ginormous Pro-Trump media claims vindication in Comey hearing Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived NerdWallet Paid Partner Looking for a low-interest loan? Check out our review of Prosper. The search is over. We found the best stock brokers for online trading. How much do you need to retire? Use this calculator to find out Current mortgage rates can't be beat. Get the best rate with our tool Contact Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Saturday, June 10th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Cavs avoid elimination 12:12 a.m. Sat Salinas knocks out Vargas 11:57 p.m. Fri Encarnacion homers as Tribe wins 11:16 p.m. Fri Marlins pound Pirates 10:55 p.m. Fri Selective admission driving YSU's upward enr... 10:55 p.m. Fri 3 break-ins leaves Bessie Jackson, 81, stea... 10:55 p.m. Fri all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home POLICE CALLS | Print Tweet Published: Sat, June 10, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. POLICE CALLS A summary of police activity in Canfield and Austintown: CANFIELD May 26 Criminal trespassing: Police issued a criminal-trespass warning to Donald Bucci, 30, of Pine Hill Drive, Poland, who refused to leave Belleria Express, 584 E. Main St. The business owner requested that warning. May 30 Theft: Police took a report from a person who lives at a home on Morningview Circle of a theft from a checking account. Drug paraphernalia: Police arrested Dylan Keyser, 18, of Alliance, on a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia. May 31 Failure to appear: Police arrested Daniel Dixon, 32, of Silliman Street, Youngstown, on a common pleas court warrant for failure to appear on a receiving stolen property charge. AUSTINTOWN May 29 Warrant: Police arrested Stephen Cortez, 36, of Compass West on a warrant for aggravated assault with a handgun out of Campbell Municipal Court. He was driving the car in which he was caught resulting in its owner Mariluz Cortez, 60, of Compass West, Austintown, being charged with wrongful entrustment since Cortez has no operator’s license. Aggravated menacing: Facebook threats were made to a person at a home in the 5000 block of East Rockwell Road. Theft: Approximately 12 propane tanks were stolen from Pilot Oil, 150 N. Canfield-Niles Road. Theft: Two televisions were stolen from Walmart, 60001 Mahoning Ave. Identity theft: A credit card was used fraudulently at a home in the 3000 block of Almerinda Drive. May 30 Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Brittany Williams, 22, Leo Avenue, Youngstown, on a charge of possession of marijuana. Telecommunications harassment: Unwanted calls were reported by a person who lives at a home in the 20 block of Patterson Court. Lost or stolen property: An Ohio license plate was lost or stolen from a vehicle at Auto Giant, 4120 Mahoning Ave. Theft: Police issued a summons to Robinette Brady, 60, of Applecrest Court, Boardman, and Kristen White, 28, of Applecrest Drive, Boardman, on theft charges. Police accuse the women in the theft of $201.34 in merchandise from Walmart. Warrant: Police arrested Nicole Callahan, 24, of Dearborn Street, Girard, and Jennifer Hamilton and Nadine Mellott, ages and addresses not given, on a charge of complicity to theft. Police said the charge stems from a complaint filed at Marc’s, 4475 Mahoning Ave. May 31 Domestic violence: Threats were made to a person at a home in the 4000 block of Westchester Drive. Warrant: Police arrested Kyle Kent, 20, of Starwick Drive, Austintown, on a warrant for violation of a protection order. Warrant: Police arrested Hunter Dodson, 29, of Market Street, Youngstown, on a warrant for fraud in Niles. Misuse of credit card: A male suspect used a stolen credit card at Sheetz gas station, 5499 Mahoning Ave. Warrant: Police arrested Vanessa Penn, 60, of Youngstown on a warrant for grand theft. Police accuse her of taking a man’s wallet, two debit cards, along with $1,300 in cash, an inactivated Sears card and a vehicle title. Sex offense: Police arrested Candace Slusher, 25, of Hunter Avenue, Niles, on charges of soliciting and possession of criminal tools. Violation of protection order: A family member violated a protection order against a protected party at a home in the 100 block of South Main Street. Theft: An iPhone was stolen from Austintown Intermediate School, 225 Idaho Road. Recovered property: Money and valuables were recovered at a home in the 3000 block of South Canfield-Niles Road. June 1 Theft from auto: A purse was stolen from an auto parked at a home in the 1000 block of Laurie Drive. Recovered property: An HP laptop computer was recovered at Mahoning Avenue and North Turner Road. Criminal trespass: Police arrested Brenda Frye, 51, of Washington Street, Lisbon, for criminal trespassing at the Austintown Plaza, 6000 Mahoning Ave. Fraud: Unauthorized charges were reported by a person who lives in an apartment in Fox Run Apartments, 30 Idlewood Road. Breaking and entering: A mower and leaf blower were stolen from the garage of a home in the 90 block of Westminster Avenue by a suspect in a dark SUV. June 2 Auto theft: A black 2006 Saturn with the keys in it was stolen out of the driveway of a home in the 4000 block of Pembrook Road. Warrant: Police arrested Matthew Vargo, 26, Niles-Cortland Road, Cortland, for making a fraudulent return on merchandise worth $59.84 at Family Farm and Home, 4477 Mahoning Ave. Theft: A cellphone was stolen from the Skate Zone, 5420 Mahoning Ave. June 3 Drug offense: Police arrested Andrew Lakatos, 29, of Tenney Avenue, Campbell, on a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia; Angel Savage, 25, of Finch Street, New Castle, Pa., on charges of drug abuse, possession of drug paraphernalia, dangerous drugs, and a prescription medication; and Jamie Gilmore, 40, of Pollock Avenue, New Castle, Pa., on charges of was drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia. Aggravated menacing: A male showed a gun to the clerk when she asked for identification at Country Fair,143 N. Canfield-Niles Road. Disorderly conduct: Police arrested James Kula, 52, of Woodhurst Drive, on a charge of disorderly conduct. June 4 Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Quincy Burgess, 43, of Westchester Drive on a charge of possession of marijuana. Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Raymond Butler, 20, of Dewey Street, Youngstown, on charges of possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Theft: Police arrested Derreka Clinkscale, 32,of Applecrest Avenue, Boardman, on a theft charge. Police said she was caught placing items in bags valued at $213.14 and leaving without paying for them at Walmart. Theft: A set of headphones was taken from a home in the 100 block of North Edgehill Avenue. Warrant: Police arrested Kent Holtzman, 42, of Flo Lor Drive, Youngstown, on a warrant for menacing by stalking. Other stories of interest East Sider, 81, refuses to let multiple break-ins break her DNC head accuses president of obstruction of justice YSU selectivity results in university success Opiate crisis increasing trauma for kids Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
About Contact Advertise 0% APR Up To 21 Months See Wise Bread's Picks for Best Balance Transfer Cards Credit Cards Personal Finance Frugal Living Career Life Hacks Best Deals Top PF Blogs Credit Cards Secured Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Groceries Credit Cards Restaurant Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Small Business Credit Cards Personal Finance Banking Cars and Transportation Credit Cards Debt Management Financial News Insurance Investment Real Estate and Housing Retirement Taxes More in Personal Finance Frugal Living Budgeting DIY Entertainment Food and Drink Green Living Health and Beauty Home Lifestyle Shopping Style Travel More in Frugal Living Career Career Building New College Grads Education & Training Entrepreneurship Extra Income Job Hunting More in Career & Income Life Hacks Consumer Affairs Family General Tips Organization Personal Development Productivity Technology More in Life Hacks Best Deals Daily Deals Giveaways Coupon Codes Printable Coupons Best Credit Cards Top PF Blogs More How-To Guides Wise Bread Book Money Tips Network Write For Us Contact Us About Our Writers Home » Personal Finance » These Apps Turn Saving Money Into a Game — Are They Worth It? These Apps Turn Saving Money Into a Game — Are They Worth It? By Carrie Kirby on 9 June 2017 0 comments Tweet Share on Facebook Tweet This Pin It Wise Bread Picks Travel Rewards Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards 0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards If you have two dollars in your hand, do you save it or buy a scratch-off lottery ticket? We all know that the sensible choice is to put that money right in the bank. But the reality is, at today's anemic interest rates, saving is boring. The chance of winning a prize is exciting. What if you could have both the long-term financial benefit of saving, and the momentary thrill of getting a chance to win a prize? Combining responsible behavior and fun is the idea behind a crop of products and services that gamify saving money. Let's look at the pros and cons of some of these prize-linked savings products, which allow users the chance to win money without risking any of their own. 1. Long Game At first, Long Game sounds like the same humdrum routine. It offers a savings account that you link to your regular checking account; money you transfer to savings earns 0.1 percent interest. But here's where it gets good: Long Game rewards you for depositing money into savings with "coins." You can use your coins to buy virtual lottery tickets, and the prizes are either real cash or more coins. One nice feature of Long Game is that it doesn't charge fees. Another aspect, which could be either a feature or a drawback, depending on your interests, is that you have to actually play games, like spinning a wheel, to win money. Personally, I don't have the time for such games and would rather get automatic entries, but for people like my grandmother who play fake online slots just for fun, this could be a plus. 2. Wal-Mart MoneyCard Walmart's MoneyCard was already a popular way for low-income, unbanked workers to store their paycheck and pay bills. Now, it's also billing itself as a savings vehicle, with a feature called Vault that allows users to set aside money that can't be spent on purchases (unless you transfer that money back out of the Vault). Recently, Wal-Mart debuted the Prize Savings program for MoneyCard, which gives card users chances to win up to $1,000 each month. The more money you keep in the Vault, the more chances you get to win. This program differs from Long Game in several notable ways: One, you don't need a separate bank account to participate — MoneyCard functions as a bank account replacement. Two, money in the Vault does not earn interest. Three, MoneyCard charges several fees: a $5 monthly fee, $3–$4.95 to put money on the card, and a $2.50 fee to get cash at an ATM. Fourth, you don't have to enter the drawing — putting the money in your Vault enters you automatically. 3. SaveUp Link your savings and debt-bearing accounts to SaveUp, and you'll be rewarded with credits not just for saving money, but also for paying down debt. The credits can be used to buy virtual lotto tickets for cash prizes, including $50 weekly drawings and a monthly chance at a $2 million "super jackpot." SaveUp is free to join. As with Long Game, you have to actively play to win; entries are not automatic. 4. Save to Win The only nonprofit on this list, Save to Win rewards credit union members with weekly and monthly prize drawings; the more you deposit, the more entries you get. Prizes vary by state but generally start at $25 and can go into the thousands. Save to Win is currently available at select credit unions in 13 states. Once you're enrolled in Save to Win, entry is automatic, so you don't need to remember to play the game. 5. Tip Yourself This one is not a prize-linked program, but another gamified approach to saving money. Tip Yourself encourages users to transfer money from their checking account into a virtual "tip jar" as a reward for performing a desirable activity. The "tip jar" is a non-interest-paying account. It's an interesting idea for combining savings and self-motivation. I can imagine using Tip Yourself to save for a trip or a small goal like a spa pedicure; every time you exercise, you could reward yourself by moving some money to the trip or spa fund. It doesn't cost money to make the transfer. However, since the tip jar doesn't pay interest, it seems like you would be better off setting up a money market account linked to your checking account for saving toward a goal; most banks offer that option. The take-away The majority of these apps share a common drawback: To use them, you have to share your bank account information, which could put your account at risk if the company gets hacked. It also calls your financial privacy into question; if you plan to use any of these, study the company's privacy policy before taking the plunge. Several of these apps encourage users to keep savings in accounts that don't pay interest. Even though current interest rates are low, that makes little sense to me. If you are a member of a credit union that offers it, using the nonprofit Save to Win is a no-brainer. It won't take you any extra time to play, and it doesn't appear that you'd sacrifice security or privacy to do so. For the rest of these apps, carefully weigh the value of your privacy, security, and any financial costs against the chance of winning before committing. Wise Bread Picks Travel Rewards Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards 0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards Share on Facebook Tweet This Pin It Tagged: Personal Finance, Technology, apps, fees, games, prizes, rewards, saving money, smartphones, winning money Related and Popular Top 5 Ways Thieves Use Your Stolen Credit Card Everyone's Using Spare Change Apps — Are They Really Worth It? 5 Times Dad Was Right About Money   What to Do After Losing Your Social Security Card 6 Things You'll Encounter When Taking Over a Loved One's Finances How to Fix Your Finances After Missing a Payment   0 No votes yet Select ratingNot usefulSomewhat usefulUsefulVery usefulExtremely useful Your rating: None ShareThis Disclaimer: The links and mentions on this site may be affiliate links. But they do not affect the actual opinions and recommendations of the authors. Wise Bread is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.   Carrie Kirby Senior Writer More from Carrie » Reporter, writer and winner of Peninsula Press Club's Best Tech Story Award Most Popular Make Your DVD Player Region-Free in Seconds The Best 0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards The 5 Best Computer Keyboards The Best Cash Back Credit Cards The Best Travel Reward Credit Cards more     © 2017 Wise Bread | About | Advertise | Contact | Subscribe User Agreement | Privacy Policy
Leadership Search Search NSANSA Backtracks on Sharing Number of Americans Caught In Warrantless Spying Fortune 500Silicon Valley Isn’t The Only Out-Of-Touch Tech Bubble TelevisionNearly 20 Million Viewers Watched James Comey’s Senate Testimony TwitterTwitter Account of Journalist, Activist Hacked to Spread Fake News Fortune 500 White Men Account for 72% of Corporate Leadership at 16 of the Fortune 500 Companies Stacy Jones Jun 09, 2017 Even if only 16 Fortune 500 companies share detailed demographic information about their employees, it’s important to point out that the data that is available represents the race, gender and job category of more than 800,000 people – everyone from the CEO through service staff. That’s an awful lot of workers. If that group were one giant U.S. company, it’d be second only to Walmart in terms of size. And it would take at least 26 skyscrapers to give each of those 5,089 executives and senior officials a corner office. (The average skyscraper has about 50 floors; the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission fully explains which job titles get the “executive/senior officials and managers” designation in a footnote here.) Of those high ranking officials, 80% are men and 72% of those men are white. Using those 16 companies as a representative sample for the entire Fortune 500 cohort would result in a pretty wide margin of error: 24.3%. So, it's important to point out that what the workforce looks like at 16 companies that share data isn't a perfect predictor of what happens at the other 484. However, it seems likely that women at Fortune 500 companies see better representation in senior official roles than they do among CEOs. The Most Powerful Women team reported on Wednesday that 32 of the CEOs on this year’s list are women. It’s an historic high-water mark that pushes their representation to 6.4%. Related Fortune 500Silicon Valley Isn’t The Only Out-Of-Touch Tech Bubble Fortune 500 Silicon Valley Isn’t The Only Out-Of-Touch Tech Bubble Seventy-three percent of the senior executives, men and women, are white. The rest are 21% Asian, 3% Latino/a, 2% black, 0.6% two or more races, 0.2% Native American and 0.1% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander. Compared to the demographics of the overall employed workforce, Asian and white workers at these 16 companies are overrepresented in senior leadership by 15 and 10 percentage points, respectively. Latino/a and black executives are underrepresented by 9 and 13 percentage points. People who represent two or more races are three times as common in the overall workforce as they are in senior executive roles. Meanwhile, Native Americans and Hawaiians or Pacific Islanders are underrepresented by 0.3 and 0.4 percentage points. There’s lots of evidence, statistical and otherwise, that corporations struggle most with increasing diversity among their top leadership. In fact, a former senior executive at American Express – which is ranked at #85 on this year’s list – talked to the Wharton School about in 2006. He’s quoted in the Wharton article saying that just the mere presence of blacks in the CEO or chairman positions have an impact. “It promotes change among the employees who are able to look at their peers in an entirely different light than [they did] in the late 1970s when I was in government,” said Weldon J. Rougeau, who was director of federal contractor compliance at the Department of Labor during the Carter administration. “That’s all very good,” he continued. “Does it mean that there are not any problems in the workplace? No, of course not.” At the time the article was published, American Express’s first black CEO, Kenneth Chenault, was 5 years into his now 16-year tenure. When he was named as the head of the company in 2001, he became the third black CEO of a Fortune 500 company. TIAA’s (then TIAA-CREF) Dr. Clifton R. Wharton, Jr. was the first in 1987. In 1999 he was followed by Fannie Mae’s Franklin Raines, who was eventually ousted after the 2008 mortgage crisis. As of the release of the 2017 list, there are currently four black CEOs among the cohort: Roger W. Ferguson, Jr., another TIAA CEO; Kenneth C. Frazier of Merck; Chenault at American Express; and J.C. Penney's CEO Marvin R. Ellison. In January Xerox’s Ursula Burns, who became the first black woman CEO on the list in 2009, stepped down from her post. That meant there were no more black women among the Fortune 500 CEOs and that was still true when the new list was released yesterday. There are just two women of color on the list: Geisha Williams, the Latina who runs PG&E and Indra Nooyi, the Indian American (she would be counted in the Asian category on an EEO-1 Report) CEO at PepsiCo. One of those problems Rougeau may have been referring to when he talked about corporate diversity in 2006 is the way tokenism manifests for high-ranking people from marginalized communities. They wind up bearing the implicit responsibility to make sure other employees who look like them achieve a similar level of success. That, said Dr. Kira Banks, leaves too many people on the bench when it’s time to increase corporate diversity and retention. She’s an associate professor at St. Louis University and co-founder of The Mouse & The Elephant, a consulting firm that helps corporations execute on diversity initiatives. (They tell the story behind their name, based on a 2010 book by Laura Liswood, here.) When Banks looked at the above diversity data for senior executives at 16 Fortune 500 companies, she was careful to point out that it need not be a depressing reminder that women and people of color – and other marginalized groups that aren’t counted on the EEO-1 Report – struggle to make it to the upper echelons of corporate America. Rather, she said, we should delight in the number of potential allies who work for these titans of industry. “I think the burden is on the predominantly white men in these positions to be intentional in speaking out about the pipeline and mentoring issues. It shouldn’t be our goal to say, ‘Hey, look, there’s another Asian woman who’s in this leadership position and that means I can make it too,’” she said.“That perpetuates tokenization.” It’s often the case that the demographics of leadership are treated as a death sentence for the upward mobility of minority employees. It wasn’t until last August that Business Roundtable, an association of CEOs whose companies represent 15 million workers, specifically cited diversity at the top of its list of characteristics to consider for board composition in its Principles of Corporate Governance guide. "Diverse backgrounds and experiences on corporate boards, including those tho represent a broad range of society, strengthen board performance and promote the creation of long-term shareholder value," the report said. This was such a significant departure from previous editions of the report that it got a call out in The New York Times’ DealBook. And on that point, it would seem the CEO group and Banks agree. “You don't have to be a person of color or a woman or a person from another marginalized identity to be a champion for diversity,” she said. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Apple, other big tech stocks collapse into Friday's close >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Walmart Testing Giant Vending Machine for Groceries The first of these machines is being tested in Oklahoma Jun 9, 2017, 2:07 pm EDT  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) is testing a giant vending machine concept that holds groceries that you can pick up at any time. Source: Flickr> The retail chain has developed yet another way for consumers to have less interaction with human beings when doing their shopping. In this case, the company is unleashing massive kiosks that holds groceries for up to 100 people a day. The machines are open 24 hours, seven days a week and they make it easy for you to order your groceries online, set a pickup time, show up, type a code in and retrieve your groceries without having to talk to anyone. The concept is being tested in Warr Acres, Oklahoma at first, and it will eventually be rolled out to other parts of the country. The idea is worrisome for Walmart workers as many of their jobs may soon be automated–a growing trend in the retail industry. The kiosk is quite large at 20 feet by 80 feet in size, and they come equipped with refrigeration and freezing capabilities in order to keep your groceries cooled at the right temperature. Walmart noted that the move will allow busy households to pick up their groceries in only a matter of minutes, proving to be another example of technology making our lives easier. WMT stock grew 0.7% during regular trading hours Friday. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/walmart-vending-machine-wmt/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Techs That Just Got Shredded 7 Stocks to Buy in the Hottest Industry 7 Best Buffett Dividend Stocks for Retirement 7 Energy Stocks to Survive an Oil Beating 3 Chinese Solar Stocks With Stellar Long-Term Potential Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks That Just Got Shredded by Goldman’s Bubble Call 7 Stocks to Buy in Wall Street’s Hottest Industry 7 Energy Stocks to Buy to Survive an Oil Beating Warren Buffett’s 7 Best Dividend Stocks for Retirement Tech Bubble? What About the China Bubble? Most Popular 7 Stocks With More Upside Than Alphabet 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Vanguard Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Test Drive Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock for the Long-Term! Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Will Reward Your Patience Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC | Survey Monkey Small Business Survey Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Why Amazon should keep prescription drugs off its voluminous shelves C. Michael White, University of Connecticut 11 Hours AgoThe Conversation SHARES Adam Jeffery | CNBC Jeff Bezos speaking at the new New York Economic Club luncheon in New York on Oct. 27, 2016. Amazon hit a milestone last month after the price of one share hit US $1,000 for the first time, giving it a total value of close to $500 billion. That makes it the fourth-biggest company in the U.S. in terms of market capitalization and twice the size of brick-and-mortar rival Walmart. The online retailer's incredible growth has come from expanding into more and more areas of the economy, providing its customers with speedy delivery of everything from socks and books to lawn chairs and computers. One category it has yet to enter, however, is prescription drugs. Amazon wants to change that and dispense drugs alongside its hundreds of millions of other wares. Would this be a good thing for consumers and the health care system? The biggest online retailer's entry into this market may lead to efficiency gains, but the cost would be dear in terms of further severing the link between patients and actual pharmacists. Research, including my own, shows that patients need more face-to-face time with pharmacists, not less. Brief history of pharmacies Pharmacies (or apothecaries, as they were once known) have existed since antiquity. The first retail pharmacy began in Philadelphia in 1729. Back then, pharmacists not only dispensed medications to patients (without a prescription) but diagnosed diseases and handcrafted drugs. In 1951, Congress passed the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which prohibited pharmacists from dispensing FDA-approved drugs without a valid prescription. Mail-order pharmacies harnessing the raw efficiency of mass-filling prescriptions began to boom in the 1980s. In 2013, about 39 percent of customers said they refilled their prescription by mail order, up from an estimated 6 percent in 1990. show chapters Amazon's threat to pharma    Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 2:04 PM ET | 03:15 Clearly it costs less per unit of labor for prescriptions to be filled in a centralized facility with industrial pill counting technology and with auto-refills of medication than when prescriptions are filled manually in the store by a local pharmacist triggered by a patient calling the pharmacy. Consumers say they like the convenience of mail-order pharmacies, which is likely one of the reasons Amazon is getting serious about entering the $450 billion market for prescription drugs. Amazon might be able to enhance the user experience, as well as make the process even more efficient, but there's a cost. Drugs aren't socks What is missing from the discussion is that prescription drugs are not socks or refrigerators. When consumers take drugs, they become patients, not just customers. While prescription drugs hold the promise of preventing disease and treating symptoms, they can maim or even kill if not used correctly. In 1993, for example, medication-related errors led to about 7,400 deaths, more than double the number of fatalities in 1983, according to a review of death certifications. Unfortunately, they're the latest data available, but most likely the number is higher today. A key reason for these errors seems to be a lack of communication. A 2003 report noted that better communication among physicians, pharmacists and nurses could prevent 86 percent of the most serious medication errors, which suggests shifting more drug dispensation to a centralized facility from local pharmacies would worsen the problem. Too many people aren't taking their meds Another thing that makes prescription drugs very different than Amazon's typical offerings is that in many cases it's essential that patients actually take their meds as prescribed. That's not happening. Taking drugs in the right dosage for the right amount of time is critical to effectively cure a disease, prevent the formation of antimicrobial resistance and keep a malady from progressing. Yet on average, only about 50 percent of American patients typically take their medicines as prescribed, costing hundreds of billions of dollars in adverse outcomes and unnecessary hospitalizations each year. Furthermore, in my own research involving patients with cardiovascular diseases, I have found that people are simply not receiving the medications they need – and when they are, they aren't following through on the required dosage, leading to worse outcomes. I've found that greater interaction between patients and pharmacists can help solve this problem. Other studies have shown that more active face-to-face engagement with a pharmacist improves a patient's level of adherence to a prescription, which can lead to better outcomes. A study involving Walgreens pharmacists, for example, suggested direct drug counseling reduced health care costs by $266 on average, mostly due to fewer hospitalizations. The environmental costs Finally, another key aspect of prescription drugs is that their waste is a big and growing problem. Unlike the clothes or appliances you order, medications can't simply be returned to the merchant, restocked and resold to another customer. There's no way of ensuring they weren't adulterated or improperly stored, and the risks are too great. That means every pill that goes unused must be disposed of, which is a huge waste of money but also is a major source of pollution. show chapters An inside look at how Amazon Prime Now delivers food and household items in less than two hours    Saturday, 27 May 2017 | 9:00 AM ET | 01:57 In a 2015 assessment of medications turned in for disposal, more than half of the prescriptions purchased from mail-order pharmacies still contained 80 percent of more of the original pills. Even more troubling, 39 percent had every single pill originally dispensed. That compares with much-lower rates of 37 percent and 17 percent for community pharmacies. Many of the unused drugs, however, aren't properly disposed of and instead end up in a landfill or flushed down a toilet. A nationwide study conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey in 1999 and 2000 found low levels of pharmaceuticals – including antibiotics, hormones, contraceptives and steroids – in 80 percent of the rivers and streams sampled, contaminating 40 million Americans' drinking water. Studies have shown that aquatic animals are adversely affected by these hormones, with some male fish developing female sex organs, and there are concerns that long-term exposure to a tainted water supply can lead to more superbugs. Small gains for many pains Amazon is a revolutionary company that has reshaped how we shop and has helped drastically increase the efficiency of shipping small packages. This could even allow it to reduce some of the negative side effects, noted above, of remote pharmacies, such as by making it more cost-effective to ship small quantities of pills to reduce waste. But to my mind, any modest gains in efficiencies or cost savings are paid for dearly by the negative outcomes that result from medication-related errors and patients not following through on their prescriptions, while the waste of unused drugs will continue. And while this problem has been with us for a while, Amazon, due to its size and ability to quickly dominate markets, would make the situation a lot worse. Delivering a product more efficiently cannot be the only metric of success. With prescription drugs, saving lives must be considered as well. Commentary by C. Michael White, professor and head of the Department of Pharmacy Practice at the University of Connecticut. This story originally appeared in The Conversation. Watch: Amazon beats Apple to $1,000/share mark show chapters Amazon beats Apple to $1000/share mark, now it's a race to become the first $1T company    Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 6:40 AM ET | 04:08 Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- AMZN --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Tech Search Search NSANSA Backtracks on Sharing Number of Americans Caught In Warrantless Spying Fortune 500Silicon Valley Isn’t The Only Out-Of-Touch Tech Bubble TelevisionNearly 20 Million Viewers Watched James Comey’s Senate Testimony TwitterTwitter Account of Journalist, Activist Hacked to Spread Fake News Target Target Takes Another Step to Better Compete With Walmart and Amazon Leena Rao Jun 09, 2017 Target is making another move to catch up with Walmart online and fend off e-commerce juggernaut Amazon. Target said on Thursday that it plans to consolidate its mobile apps to eliminate customer confusion over having to switch between apps for important tasks. The move is part of Target's $7 billion push to improve its e-commerce operations and stores over the next three years as it faces stiff competition from both online and bricks and mortar retailers. In 2016, Target's online business only represented 5% of its total sales, well below the industry average of 10%. In recent months, Target has started an overhaul of its tech strategy after some futuristic tests failed. For example, it recently announced that its big innovation project, the "Store of the Future," which aimed to incorporate robots into stores and to test other innovations, would be shuttered. Since 2013, Target has operated two separate apps for its mobile commerce efforts—a main app for shopping, and Cartwheel, an app that includes coupons and discounts for shoppers in physical stores and online. Cartwheel had gained momentum with 27 million users, but Sean Murphy, the company's vice president of digital products, said that using two apps confused customers. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. To fix the problem, the retail giant is integrating Cartwheel's discounts into the main Target app. The change is in line with Amazon and Walmart, both of which have individual apps that let shoppers buy items and access discounts and coupons. According to TechCrunch, Target won't shutter Cartwheel completely, but will slowly phase new and existing customers over to the one dedicated Target app. For more on Target: For the newly consolidated app, Target is adding a number of new features that it hopes will lift sales in its bricks and mortar stores. The Target app had already included maps of stores, but now it will recognize which ones customers are in so that it can show shoppers their location inside and highlight deals nearby. As Target announced earlier this year, the app will also let members of its loyalty and credit card program, REDcard, pay for items in stores using their smartphones. However, the retailer did not reveal any other details about how this technology would work. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Hundreds pack hearing on Massachusetts immigration bill More Headlines Ivanka Trump urged to help 3 Chinese detainees Mt. Abram High School graduates 66 More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Messalonskee girls lacrosse advances to regional final More Headlines Richmond baseball covers all the bases against Greenville Gardiner boys lacrosse ousts Oak Hill in Class B North semifinals More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Casino backers should get serious state scrutiny More Headlines Today’s editorial cartoon Trump should listen to Eisenhower More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Messalonskee High School top 10 graduates More Headlines MSSM graduates 33 students in class of 2017 Denney graduates from Hamilton College More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times through June 15 More Headlines ‘Dungeons and Dragons: Seafaring Traditions of Early Tattoo Art’ on view Opening Reception: ‘Rebirth’ opening set for June 9 More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate How to get great pressure-washing results More Headlines 6 Kennison St., Manchester ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   Nation & World Posted Yesterday at 1:45 PM Updated June 9 increase font size Not real news: This week’s top untrue stories shared on social media No, President Trump isn't allowed to decide how words are spelled, and there was no flag burning at a New York City mosque. Associated Press Share Comment Read Article Several made-up quotes were attributed to White House press secretary Sean Spicer on a satire website, including assertions that President Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as "one of the perks of being president." The reference, of course, was the president's use of "covfefe" in a tweet. Associated Press/Pablo Martinez Monsivais A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL: Spicer: “POTUS didn’t misspell ‘covfefe’ – as head of state, he has the legal power to decide how English is spelled” THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Trump “and a small group of people” knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as “one of the perks of being president.” NOT REAL: “New York mosque burns flag: Should they be punished?” THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. NOT REAL: “Red Alert: People are injecting HIV blood into bananas” THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Walmart bananas being tainted with HIV blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn’t know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Walmart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo. NOT REAL: “Indiana woman gives birth to 11 baby boys without C-section delivery” THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children’s Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn’t employ a doctor named in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. NOT REAL: “Massive Bumble Bee recall afte 2 employees admit cooking a man and mixing him with a batch of tuna” THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle charges. The death didn’t cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. This new weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press’ ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Hundreds pack hearing on Massachusetts immigration bill Ivanka Trump urged to help 3 Chinese detainees Mt. Abram High School graduates 66 Trump: U.S. infrastructure will be ‘the envy of the world’ Twin sisters graduate top of their class at Carrabec High School Two arrested in Norridgewock drug bust Police probe video of driver in Skowhegan with unbuckled toddler in front seat Waterville boy, 11, injured when bicycle crashes into car Winthrop town manager resigns, takes responsibility for $166,000 error U.S. demands return of $51 million in federal funds that Maine spent at Riverview YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Times Review Our Sites Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Find A Pro Subscriptions New Print Subscription New E-Paper Subscription 99¢ E-Paper Trial Subscription Renew/Manage Subscription E-Paper Login Suffolk Times Riverhead News Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter RSS Feed Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Menu News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital Government 06/09/17 1:59pm Riverhead ZBA approves variances for Route 58 movie theater proposal by Kelly Zegers and Tim Gannon | 06/09/2017 1:59 PM | No Comments Tweet Plans for a multiplex movie theater at the former Walmart property on Route 58 took a step forward Thursday night after the Riverhead Zoning Board of Appeals approved a number of variances, including one that will allow the building to be slightly taller than the zoning permits. The proposal, which is planned for the Riverhead Plaza shopping still faces a number of other hurdles before it can begin construction, including site plan approval from the Planning Board. In addition, it needs approval from the Town Board to allow the movie theater’s construction in the shopping center zoning district. Prior to the meeting, the applicants also said they’re seeking tax breaks and other incentives from the town’s Industrial Development Agency (IDA). All of those approvals will require public hearings. Andrew Aberham of Philips International, the company that owns the shopping center, described the IDA application as an “integral part” of the plan. While his board doesn’t vote on IDA applications, Supervisor Sean Walter said at Thursday’s Town Board work session that he would support IDA benefits for the proposed movie theater even though he has opposed granting IDA benefits to companies on Route 58 in the past. “People will be out there to criticize the IDA and what I will say to you is,” he said, “you will never get a movie theater ever, ever, ever, in this town. They are a draw, but they are a financial sinkhole, if you will. And so they’re not able to pay the rents you would normally get.” Philips International, which has been negotiating with Regal Cinemas, has yet to finalize a deal with a movie company to operate the theater. “We are very far along,” Mr. Aberham told the Town Board. “There’s a lease out. We are negotiating the lease. The ball’s in their court and we’re waiting for them to get back to us with their comments.” “What happens if it’s not Regal?” Mr. Walter asked. “It’s simple,” Mr. Aberham said. “We’re going to continue to go forward with the movie theater. We are committed to the project, whether it’s Regal or some other operator or ourselves. This is something we’re committed to doing.” The project calls for demolishing 71,000-square-feet of the building and replacing it with a 51,000-square-foot stand-alone movie theater with 1,490 seats, 10 screens and two restaurants fronting Route 58. A drive-thru window is planned for one of the restaurants, which would need Town Board approval since it isn’t allowed under the zoning. The project initially ran into some opposition from neighbors at an April 14 ZBA hearing. They expressed concerns about the proposed height of the building, as well as with potential traffic that might be generated. Since then, Philips International has reduced the height from 60 feet to 44.6 feet. The height limit allowed under town code is 35 feet. Philips International has also sought a variance to have only one loading berth instead of the required three and to have exterior lighting poles that are 25 feet high instead of the required 16 feet. After holding three public hearings, the ZBA unanimously approved the variance requests. “The variance sought will not create an undesirable change in the character of the neighborhood because the shopping center exists as it is,” ZBA chairman Fred McLaughlin said in reading the decision. “The proposed movie theater and restaurants are permitted in the zoning use district.” The height problem wasn’t “self-created” because modern movie theaters require additional height to accommodate stadium seating, he added. In addition, the proposal includes a smaller building, as well as improved grading and drainage. Mr. Walter, who has been working to get a movie theater to open in town since 2010, said the Town Board can’t commit to supporting the project yet because several public hearings are still required. “We have to get the public’s input,” he said at Thursday’s work session. “If that went well, I think the Town Board would look at it favorably.” “I just can’t think of a better location,” Councilman Jim Wooten added. “This will be a draw for that whole section of town.” [email protected] Photo credit: Tim Gannon Comments comments Multiplex, phillips international, Regal Cinemas, Riverhead Plaza, Sean Walter, Zoning Board of Appeals Find a Pro See More lighting fixtures All Wright Electric North Fork, Shelter Island & South Fork 1290 Flanders Rd fences fireplaces and garage doors Riverhead Fence Co. Riverhead 421 Riverleigh Ave tree service Nature Works View Page contractors Corwin Construction Riverhead 1117 Northville Tpke Next Post > Giovanni Camanzo < Previous Post Richard G. Frank Similiar Articles Text stops in Flanders dedicated in memory of Barbara Tocci by Nicole Smith 06/09/17 3:57pm No Comments New text stop areas where drivers can pull over to use their cellphones on Flanders Road were dedicated in Barbara Tocci’s memory… Read More Photos: Bishop McGann-Mercy Class of 2017 graduation by Elizabeth Wagner 06/09/17 10:30am No Comments Graduates of Bishop McGann-Mercy High School’s Class of 2017 celebrated the school’s 57th commencement ceremony Thursday. Comments comments New deputy town attorney to focus on Justice Court cases by Tim Gannon 06/07/17 10:52am No Comments The Town Board unanimously appointed Eric Howard as deputy town attorney, filling the position formerly held by Dawn Thomas, who… Read More Load More Articles Back To Top Recent Posts Judge at sentencing: Hampton murder case was ‘travesty of justice’ 06/09/2017 7:47 PM Riverhead ZBA approves variances for Route 58 movie theater proposal 06/09/2017 1:59 PM El Caracol loses liquor license for being called police activity… 06/09/2017 5:50 AM Cops: Flanders man tried to steal tires off unregistered car 06/08/2017 12:54 PM Cops: Driver airlifted following rollover crash in Calverton 06/07/2017 4:27 PM Police seeking help in search for missing Riverhead teen 06/07/2017 3:46 PM Riverhead School District guidance director pleads guilty to DWAI 06/07/2017 11:41 AM New deputy town attorney to focus on Justice Court cases 06/07/2017 10:52 AM Low ticket sales forces postponement of Riverhead’s Colonial Ball 06/07/2017 6:00 AM Suffolk GOP taps candidates for district attorney, sheriff 06/06/2017 4:27 PM Buoy One to sell fresh seafood at renovated Mattituck Marketplace 06/05/2017 12:23 PM Town leaders continue to fight North Shore route despite FAA’s… 06/05/2017 6:00 AM Southampton Blotter: Flanders man arrested on felony weapon charge 06/04/2017 5:24 AM Chipotle in Riverhead among those hacked in nationwide security breach 06/04/2017 5:24 AM Cops: Man charged with felony after stealing clothes at Tanger… 06/04/2017 5:21 AM Riverhead Blotter: Woman faces felony charge for separate thefts 06/03/2017 5:30 AM Cops: Calverton homeowner turns himself in after shooting burglar 06/02/2017 4:38 PM Town considers payment in lieu of parking fee for downtown… 06/02/2017 12:03 PM Working with his hands and the earth at Giles Nursery 06/02/2017 6:00 AM Plans for Sonic restaurant in Riverhead on hold for now 06/01/2017 2:00 PM Riverhead Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Newsletter. northforker PORT Waterfront Bar and Grill now open in Greenport Eat North Fork Yard Sales: June 9, 10 & 11 North Fork Suhru 2016 Sauvignon Blanc is our ‘Wine of the Week’ Drink Peonies and ponies at Spirit’s Promise Play Recent Facebook Posts Judge at sentencing: Hampton murder case was ‘travesty of justice’ | Riverhead News Review ‘It’s clear that someone got away with murder,’ the judge said. 2 likes, 2 comments ⋅ 7 hours ago Text stops in Flanders dedicated in memory of Barbara Tocci “There’s a lump in my throat,” Susan Tocci said at Friday’s ceremony. “It’s still as difficult today as it was three years ago. I’m.. 79 likes, 6 comments ⋅ 11 hours ago Riverhead ZBA approves variances for Route 58 movie theater proposal “We are committed to the project, whether it’s Regal or some other operator or ourselves,” said a representative for the property owner. 72 likes, 7 comments ⋅ 12 hours ago Photos: Bishop McGann-Mercy Class of 2017 graduation Congratulations to the Bishop McGann-Mercy Diocesan High School Class of 2017! 36 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 15 hours ago El Caracol loses liquor license for being called police activity ‘focal point’ “So long as they don’t serve alcohol, they are allowed to stay open,” an SLA spokesman said. 11 likes, 4 comments ⋅ 17 hours ago Find us on Facebook Riverhead News Review Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Topics News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries northforker Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop More Classifieds About Us Write the Editor Advertise with Us Send Us a Tip Contact 2017 © Times/Review All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sign up for the TidewaterBiz e-newsletter today. It's FREE! TidewaterBiz Wal-Mart Supercenter opens in Virginia Beach Privacy Policy A new Wal-Mart Supercenter opened at 546 First Colonial Road in Virginia Beach on Wednesday. The 150,000-square-foot store is expected to employ up to 300 full- and part-time workers, according to a news release. The store sells groceries in addition to electronics, furniture, automotive products, sporting goods, home improvement items, apparel and toys. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Breaking News Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Opinion Share Advertise 60°
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Business Business Home Business Breakfast People on the Move Lifestyle Lifestyle home Arts & Entertainment Food Sustainable Living Things to do in Maine Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate Auto Jobs Public Notices Puzzles Crossword Sudoku Podcasts Events CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com e-Edition Newsletters and Alerts Support Reader Services Home Delivery Help FAQs Contact Subscribe Contact Advertising Open Pressherald Home Menu News News Moderate Republicans rise up in Kansas More Headlines Uncertainties linger over Portland school budget Man indicted in throat slashing of taxi driver in Portland More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Community News Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Business Business U.S. bucks world trend on clean energy research More Headlines Pandora selling 19 percent stake to Sirius XM Despite sell-off of tech stocks, Dow sets new high More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job People on the Move Opinion Opinion Funding county jails: Why it matters to all families in Maine More Headlines Our View: Southern Maine casino backers should get serious state scrutiny Another View: Wall Street bank makes irresponsible deal with corrupt Venezuelan regime More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Sports Sports Cavaliers avoid a sweep with offensive outburst, 137-116 More Headlines Major league roundup: Yankees remain hot with 8-2 win over Orioles Bradley’s 2-run homer in 8th helps Sox come back to top Tigers, 5-3 More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Lifestyle Lifestyle Topless women allowed at Ocean City beach – for now More Headlines Without ‘Hamilton’ buzz, Tonys to put on brave face Sunday New Hampshire collector donates 2,744 books on U.S. presidency to political library More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Restaurant reviews Arts & Entertainment Books Things to do in Maine Religion and Values Sudoku Crossword Obituaries Real Estate Real Estate 1 South Road, Chebeague More Headlines How to get great pressure-washing results Portside Real Estate Group hires competitors More in Real Estate Home of the Week Featured Home Public Notices Jobs Auto Video Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe>   Nation & World Posted Yesterday at 1:45 PM Updated June 9 increase font size Not real news: This week’s top untrue stories shared on social media No, President Trump isn't allowed to decide how words are spelled, and there was no flag burning at a New York City mosque. Associated Press Share Comment Read Article Several made-up quotes were attributed to White House press secretary Sean Spicer on a satire website, including assertions that President Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as "one of the perks of being president." The reference, of course, was the president's use of "covfefe" in a tweet. Associated Press/Pablo Martinez Monsivais A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL: Spicer: “POTUS didn’t misspell ‘covfefe’ – as head of state, he has the legal power to decide how English is spelled” THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Trump “and a small group of people” knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as “one of the perks of being president.” NOT REAL: “New York mosque burns flag: Should they be punished?” THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. NOT REAL: “Red Alert: People are injecting HIV blood into bananas” THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Walmart bananas being tainted with HIV blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn’t know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Walmart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo. NOT REAL: “Indiana woman gives birth to 11 baby boys without C-section delivery” THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children’s Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn’t employ a doctor named in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. NOT REAL: “Massive Bumble Bee recall afte 2 employees admit cooking a man and mixing him with a batch of tuna” THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle charges. The death didn’t cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. This new weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press’ ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered each morning. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News Business Headlines High School Sports Real Estate * I understand the Terms of Service. Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Cavaliers avoid a sweep with offensive outburst, 137-116 Major league roundup: Yankees remain hot with 8-2 win over Orioles Bradley's 2-run homer in 8th helps Sox come back to top Tigers, 5-3 Sports Digest: Patriots sign third-round pick Moderate Republicans rise up in Kansas Mary Mayhew, in campaign kickoff, uses fake front pages of 3 Maine newspapers Sen. King turns up heat on Trump intelligence officials, draws attention at hearing Fryeburg officer dies of injuries suffered during search for canoeist on Saco River Cosby jury hears his admission that he used  to get Quaaludes Mary Mayhew begins run for governor vowing to continue LePage's reforms Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal With this bailing scoop, you can save your boat, feed your horse or make some beer 'Anatomy of Innocence' describes incalculable injustices Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT E-Edition Newsletter Signup Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 73° Full Menu 73° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - In this March 24, 2017, file photo, White House press secretary Sean Spicer gestures while speaking to the media during the daily briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming Spicer told reporters President Donald Trump has the power to change the way English words are spelled is a hoax. Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File AP Photo FILE - In this March 24, 2017, file photo, White House press secretary Sean Spicer gestures while speaking to the media during the daily briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming Spicer told reporters President Donald Trump has the power to change the way English words are spelled is a hoax. Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File AP Photo National Business June 09, 2017 12:46 PM NOT REAL NEWS: A look at what didn't happen this week The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL: Spicer: "POTUS Didn't Misspell 'Covfefe' - As Head Of State, He Has The Legal Power To Decide How English Is Spelled" THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Donald Trump "and a small group of people" knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as "one of the perks of being president." ____ NOT REAL: NEW YORK MOSQUE BURNS FLAG: SHOULD THEY BE PUNISHED? THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. ____ NOT REAL: RED ALERT: People Are Injecting HIV Blood Into BANANAS THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Walmart bananas being tainted with HIV blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn't know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Walmart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo . _____ NOT REAL: Indiana Woman Gives Birth To 11 Baby Boys WITHOUT C-Section Delivery THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children's Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn't employ a doctor named in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. ____ NOT REAL: MASSIVE BUMBLE BEE RECALL AFTER 2 EMPLOYEES ADMIT COOKING A MAN AND MIXING HIM WITH A BATCH OF TUNA THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle charges. The death didn't cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. ___ This new weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press' ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2012, file photo, Bangladeshi Muslims burn a U.S. flag and a coffin of U.S. President Barack Obama during a protest in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that this photo was included in several hoax stories about a protest at a New York City mosque. A.M. Ahad, File AP Photo FILE - This Oct. 15, 2012, file photo shows the front of the Bumble Bee tuna processing plant in Santa Fe Springs, Calif. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming that a recall of Bumble Bee tuna was prompted by the Oct. 2012 death of a worker at the plant is a hoax. Nick Ut, File AP Photo 1 of 2 Unlimited Digital Access for just $1.99. Sign up now for full access to our website, the digital newspaper, apps and more!. SUBSCRIBE NOW LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:50 34 minutes ago Lucroy credits Cashner for Rangers' win 1:51 3 hours ago Day 2 of the 2017 Carolina Country Music Festival View More Video National Business Venezuela makes 1st World Cup final amid unrest at home With court victory, hand of Brazil president strengthened 1 arrested in Portland transit station backpack scare Longtime employees leave their stamp on post offices Memorial for those lost at sea nears completion National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Raleigh vet: Canine flu is a 'highly contagious' virus Local News 'We need to put the guns down:' Family, friends remember slain Durham 7-year-old Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Warm temps, dry skies make for good beach weekend Sponsor Weather Edenton family continues weather observation--120 years and counting DUALDoppler5000 Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Our Take Tudor: At UNC, Johnson will need to get up to speed (literally) Colleges After 18-year wait, Wake Forest ready for super regional Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take At UNC, Johnson will need to get up to speed (literally) Twitter Mailbag has theme of happiness The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business House votes to roll back post-2008 financial rules Venture/Innovation Triangle places No. 5 in top 25 'Tech Cities' report Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Behind closed doors, N.C. budget negotiators perpetuate a culture of neglect DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislators and their peanut gallery Editorial: End the partisan games, draw legal voting districts now Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Company recalls birth control pills that could lead to unintended pregnancies Business Why your credit cards shouldn't retire when you do Business How should I save for my kid's college education? 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel National News Couple goes to extremes to observe upcoming solar eclipse Health Team Zika birth defects in US territories similar to other places Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Foodie news: Cousins Maine Lobster joins Morgan Street Food Hall Out and About Weekend best bets: Flip Flop Run, Food Truck Rodeo Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Raleigh police look for white Lexus in connection to 1-40 shooting Local News Dueling rallies planned in Downtown Raleigh Saturday Live Video Schedule 6a WRAL Morning News 4p NCFC visits NY Cosmos Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › 67° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 67° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-09 12:45:23 Updated: 2017-06-09 13:20:14 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business NOT REAL NEWS: A look at what didn't happen this week Posted 12:45 p.m. yesterday Updated 1:20 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18I7k Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By The Associated Press A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL: Spicer: "POTUS Didn't Misspell 'Covfefe' - As Head Of State, He Has The Legal Power To Decide How English Is Spelled" THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Donald Trump "and a small group of people" knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as "one of the perks of being president." ____ NOT REAL: NEW YORK MOSQUE BURNS FLAG: SHOULD THEY BE PUNISHED? THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. ____ NOT REAL: RED ALERT: People Are Injecting HIV Blood Into BANANAS THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Walmart bananas being tainted with HIV blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn't know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Walmart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo . _____ NOT REAL: Indiana Woman Gives Birth To 11 Baby Boys WITHOUT C-Section Delivery THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children's Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn't employ a doctor named in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. ____ NOT REAL: MASSIVE BUMBLE BEE RECALL AFTER 2 EMPLOYEES ADMIT COOKING A MAN AND MIXING HIM WITH A BATCH OF TUNA THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle charges. The death didn't cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. ___ This new weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press' ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://apne.ws/APFactCheck More On This IMAGES: NOT REAL NEWS: A look at what didn't happen this week 3 Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Local News Rocky Mount teacher charged in sex crimes involving three male students News Journal entry before bus crash: 'God has called me here' Local News Four students charged after noose incident at Wakefield High School Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Food Restaurant Ratings: Azteca Market in Selma, Pho & Crawfish 79 in Raleigh National News Cat foils burglary, injures intruder Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations National News Video from James Comey's Senate Intelligence Committee testimony Weather Apollo 13 Commander Jim Lovell speaks with students in RTP Out and About North Hills unearths time capsule Strange News Woman distracted by phone in stable condition after fall Out and About Weekend best bets: Flip Flop Run, Food Truck Rodeo Political News Obstruction cases are difficult to build and prosecute Out and About New movies this week: The Mummy, It Comes At Night Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Local News Concealed gun bill gets mixed reviews from gun owners Political News Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress Local News Rocky Mount teacher charged in sex crimes involving three male students Local News Durham police: Officers involved in fatal shooting didn't violate any policies Education Through personal challenges, Fuquay-Varina senior excelled, teacher says Go Ask Mom Cute! Check out coyote mom, five pups at Cary's Hemlock Bluffs SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/9 @NCCapitol Are Comey hearings another Watergate? Not quite, says expert @NCCapitol House OKs concealed gun bill, despite FOP opposition SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Local News Rocky Mount teacher charged in sex crimes involving three male students News Journal entry before bus crash: 'God has called me here' Local News Four students charged after noose incident at Wakefield High School Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Food Restaurant Ratings: Azteca Market in Selma, Pho & Crawfish 79 in Raleigh National News Cat foils burglary, injures intruder Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations National News Video from James Comey's Senate Intelligence Committee testimony Weather Apollo 13 Commander Jim Lovell speaks with students in RTP Out and About North Hills unearths time capsule Strange News Woman distracted by phone in stable condition after fall Out and About Weekend best bets: Flip Flop Run, Food Truck Rodeo Political News Obstruction cases are difficult to build and prosecute Out and About New movies this week: The Mummy, It Comes At Night Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Local News Concealed gun bill gets mixed reviews from gun owners Political News Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress Local News Rocky Mount teacher charged in sex crimes involving three male students Local News Durham police: Officers involved in fatal shooting didn't violate any policies Education Through personal challenges, Fuquay-Varina senior excelled, teacher says Go Ask Mom Cute! Check out coyote mom, five pups at Cary's Hemlock Bluffs SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/9 @NCCapitol Are Comey hearings another Watergate? Not quite, says expert @NCCapitol House OKs concealed gun bill, despite FOP opposition WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Raleigh vet: Canine flu is a 'highly contagious' virus Local News 'We need to put the guns down:' Family, friends remember slain Durham 7-year-old Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Warm temps, dry skies make for good beach weekend Sponsor Weather Edenton family continues weather observation--120 years and counting DUALDoppler5000 Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Our Take Tudor: At UNC, Johnson will need to get up to speed (literally) Colleges After 18-year wait, Wake Forest ready for super regional Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take At UNC, Johnson will need to get up to speed (literally) Twitter Mailbag has theme of happiness The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business House votes to roll back post-2008 financial rules Venture/Innovation Triangle places No. 5 in top 25 'Tech Cities' report Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Behind closed doors, N.C. budget negotiators perpetuate a culture of neglect DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislators and their peanut gallery Editorial: End the partisan games, draw legal voting districts now Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Company recalls birth control pills that could lead to unintended pregnancies Business Why your credit cards shouldn't retire when you do Business How should I save for my kid's college education? 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel National News Couple goes to extremes to observe upcoming solar eclipse Health Team Zika birth defects in US territories similar to other places Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Foodie news: Cousins Maine Lobster joins Morgan Street Food Hall Out and About Weekend best bets: Flip Flop Run, Food Truck Rodeo Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Raleigh police look for white Lexus in connection to 1-40 shooting Local News Dueling rallies planned in Downtown Raleigh Saturday Live Video Schedule 6a WRAL Morning News 4p NCFC visits NY Cosmos Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › 67° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 67° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-09 06:06:00 Updated: 2017-06-09 13:03:23 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 2 pm Friday Tags: Freebies Posted 6:06 a.m. yesterday Updated 1:03 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Heu Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today until 2 pm for 4 SB points! **** This is a unique Stealth Code and is different for everyone. To get your special code, go to Swagbucks.com HERE. You will see the code in the middle of the page. Enter it at Swagbucks.com HERE in the Swag Code box at the top of the page. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Swag Code until 2 pm Friday 1 Swagbucks.com website Stealth Code location Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper Jun 9, 1:58 p.m. labs - you are welcome! QUOTE Report as abuse labs Jun 9, 1:16 p.m. Thank you QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Local News Rocky Mount teacher charged in sex crimes involving three male students News Journal entry before bus crash: 'God has called me here' Local News Four students charged after noose incident at Wakefield High School Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Food Restaurant Ratings: Azteca Market in Selma, Pho & Crawfish 79 in Raleigh National News Cat foils burglary, injures intruder Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations National News Video from James Comey's Senate Intelligence Committee testimony Weather Apollo 13 Commander Jim Lovell speaks with students in RTP Out and About North Hills unearths time capsule Strange News Woman distracted by phone in stable condition after fall Out and About Weekend best bets: Flip Flop Run, Food Truck Rodeo Political News Obstruction cases are difficult to build and prosecute Out and About New movies this week: The Mummy, It Comes At Night Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Local News Concealed gun bill gets mixed reviews from gun owners Political News Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress Local News Rocky Mount teacher charged in sex crimes involving three male students Local News Durham police: Officers involved in fatal shooting didn't violate any policies Education Through personal challenges, Fuquay-Varina senior excelled, teacher says Go Ask Mom Cute! Check out coyote mom, five pups at Cary's Hemlock Bluffs SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/9 @NCCapitol Are Comey hearings another Watergate? Not quite, says expert @NCCapitol House OKs concealed gun bill, despite FOP opposition SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Local News Rocky Mount teacher charged in sex crimes involving three male students News Journal entry before bus crash: 'God has called me here' Local News Four students charged after noose incident at Wakefield High School Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Food Restaurant Ratings: Azteca Market in Selma, Pho & Crawfish 79 in Raleigh National News Cat foils burglary, injures intruder Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations National News Video from James Comey's Senate Intelligence Committee testimony Weather Apollo 13 Commander Jim Lovell speaks with students in RTP Out and About North Hills unearths time capsule Strange News Woman distracted by phone in stable condition after fall Out and About Weekend best bets: Flip Flop Run, Food Truck Rodeo Political News Obstruction cases are difficult to build and prosecute Out and About New movies this week: The Mummy, It Comes At Night Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Local News Concealed gun bill gets mixed reviews from gun owners Political News Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress Local News Rocky Mount teacher charged in sex crimes involving three male students Local News Durham police: Officers involved in fatal shooting didn't violate any policies Education Through personal challenges, Fuquay-Varina senior excelled, teacher says Go Ask Mom Cute! Check out coyote mom, five pups at Cary's Hemlock Bluffs SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/9 @NCCapitol Are Comey hearings another Watergate? Not quite, says expert @NCCapitol House OKs concealed gun bill, despite FOP opposition WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: When will next BRAC happen?•Trump's Secret Service budget•New House Oversight chairman Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » NOT REAL NEWS: A… NOT REAL NEWS: A look at what didn’t happen this week By The Associated Press June 9, 2017 12:45 pm 3 min read Share A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL: Spicer: “POTUS Didn’t Misspell ‘Covfefe’ – As Head Of State, He Has The Legal Power To Decide How English Is Spelled” THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Donald Trump “and a small group of people” knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as “one of the perks of being president.” ____ Advertisement NOT REAL: NEW YORK MOSQUE BURNS FLAG: SHOULD THEY BE PUNISHED? THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. ____ NOT REAL: RED ALERT: People Are Injecting HIV Blood Into BANANAS THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Walmart bananas being tainted with HIV blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn’t know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Walmart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo . _____ NOT REAL: Indiana Woman Gives Birth To 11 Baby Boys WITHOUT C-Section Delivery THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children’s Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn’t employ a doctor named in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. ____ NOT REAL: MASSIVE BUMBLE BEE RECALL AFTER 2 EMPLOYEES ADMIT COOKING A MAN AND MIXING HIM WITH A BATCH OF TUNA THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle charges. The death didn’t cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. ___ This new weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press’ ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://apne.ws/APFactCheck Related Topics Business News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » NOT REAL NEWS: A… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Top senator urges Trump to rescind congressional oversight policy, calling it ‘nonsense’ Top Story DoD tries to calm Congress over new BRAC request BRAC VA making progress on student payments, lawmakers still not satisfied Pay & Benefits OSC says White House employee violated the Hatch Act Workforce Rights/Governance USCIS CIO Schwartz to leave government Exclusive Fed Photo of the Day ARS engineers service wind turbine Today in History 1959: US launches first nuclear-powered submarine THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 09, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9675 -0.0016 2.80% L 2020 25.6984 -0.0053 4.59% L 2030 28.7511 -0.0098 6.52% L 2040 31.0182 -0.0124 7.46% L 2050 17.8170 -0.0079 8.30% G Fund 15.3439 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9049 -0.0041 2.57% C Fund 33.8403 -0.0280 8.67% S Fund 43.9944 0.0352 4.96% I Fund 28.1883 -0.0220 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad NOT REAL NEWS: A look at what didn't happen this week By Associated Press Published: 12:50 EDT, 9 June 2017 | Updated: 12:50 EDT, 9 June 2017 e-mail A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL: Spicer: "POTUS Didn't Misspell 'Covfefe' - As Head Of State, He Has The Legal Power To Decide How English Is Spelled" THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Donald Trump "and a small group of people" knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as "one of the perks of being president." FILE - In this March 24, 2017, file photo, White House press secretary Sean Spicer gestures while speaking to the media during the daily briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming Spicer told reporters President Donald Trump has the power to change the way English words are spelled is a hoax. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File) ____ NOT REAL: NEW YORK MOSQUE BURNS FLAG: SHOULD THEY BE PUNISHED? THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. ____ NOT REAL: RED ALERT: People Are Injecting HIV Blood Into BANANAS THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Walmart bananas being tainted with HIV blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn't know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Walmart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo . _____ NOT REAL: Indiana Woman Gives Birth To 11 Baby Boys WITHOUT C-Section Delivery THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children's Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn't employ a doctor named in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. ____ NOT REAL: MASSIVE BUMBLE BEE RECALL AFTER 2 EMPLOYEES ADMIT COOKING A MAN AND MIXING HIM WITH A BATCH OF TUNA THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle charges. The death didn't cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. ___ This new weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press' ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://apne.ws/APFactCheck FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2012, file photo, Bangladeshi Muslims burn a U.S. flag and a coffin of U.S. President Barack Obama during a protest in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that this photo was included in several hoax stories about a protest at a New York City mosque. (AP Photo/A.M. Ahad, File) FILE - This Oct. 15, 2012, file photo shows the front of the Bumble Bee tuna processing plant in Santa Fe Springs, Calif. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming that a recall of Bumble Bee tuna was prompted by the Oct. 2012 death of a worker at the plant is a hoax. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS How Diana secretly recorded hours of tapes pouring out her despair over her imploding marriage to Charles: Soul-baring audio about bulimia Are Demelza and Poldark finding solace together? Eleanor Tomlinson splits from her long-term boyfriend and is 'growing close' to Aidan Turner TOWIE fans BLAST Megan Mckenna for posting 'inappropriate' provocative birthday tribute to 18-year-old sister Milly Racy snap 'He looks over it': Kourtney Kardashian shares unseen family photo of Kanye West to wish him happy birthday (but rapper looks miserable)  Bronzed Made In Chelsea beauty Frankie Gaff flaunts her enviably toned figure in a series of sizzling bikinis during Spanish getaway Lucky Jamie 'It's her mother's house... she stays with her regularly': Louise Redknapp denies living in another property after 'false' claims of rift with husband Jamie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New couple Amber Heard and Elon Musk cosy up to one another during romantic lunch date in Los Angeles Smitten 'Gutted' Harley Judge breaks down in tears as he is voted off Love Island after being rejected by TWO girls... and brands his love rival Chris a 'game player' Khloe Kardashian claims she 'never heard' of designer who accused her of copying... but receipts prove star bought clothes from her It's a fashion Lowe-down: Model Daisy puts on a leggy display in daring slit dress as she leads the glamour at One for the Boys charity ball Pixie Lott shows off her slender legs in silver dress with feather detailing as she leaves fashion ball alongside model fiancé Oliver Cheshire 'No more hiding!' Selena Gomez reveals that she no longer wants to keep her love for The Weeknd under wraps... five months after they were first linked Best mom in town! Angelina Jolie turns $25m LA mansion into a summer fun house for her six kids as she adds 100ft slide to her swimming pool 'He has a game plan': Furious Mandy Longworth becomes the first person to be evicted from the Big Brother house... after Tom gives her the boot  Danniella Westbrook steps out in Poland with a VERY puffy face after revealing she is having a full cosmetic makeover Transformed  Love Island's Jessica Shears 'made leaked sex tape with Bianca Gascoigne's ex Rogan O'Connor... who 'has no idea how it ended up online' 'Everyone licks his a**e!': Big Brother house turns on controversial Arthur Fulford after he rudely brands Hannah a 's**t housemate Jenson Button buys £5million sprawling five-bedroom pad in Los Angeles to be with his new Playboy girlfriend (but don't tell his ex) Plush pad Lennon Gallagher is the spitting image of his rockstar father as he attends the Dunhill show at London Fashion Week Men's Seeing double Make some noise for MC Vorderman! Carol, 56, parties up a storm backstage with unlikely new pals, rap supergroup Rum Committee Neon dream! Hailey Baldwin struts her stuff in bright yellow bikini and unbuttoned shorts while relaxing by the pool in Miami Bold and bright 'I was on drugs and trying to be hilarious': Amanda Bynes explains THAT X-rated Drake tweet as she reveals comeback after arrests and psychiatric hold Lindsay Lohan is interviewed by police three times in London after £24,000 of her ex-fiancé's belongings are 'stolen' Police probe 'You're not going in that dress, are you?' What Charles told Diana before their first joint public engagement... and how it was a 'horrendous occasion'  'I still want him': Big Brother's Rebecca Jane, 32, reveals she still fancies her toyboy employee Kieran, 24, while he insists they're just friends Adriana Lima dazzles in a glittering gold gown as she goes hand-in-hand with pregnant Ana Beatriz Barros on the catwalk at Dosso Dossi show in Turkey Surf's up! Hilaria Baldwin shows off her envy-inducing body in bikini as she hits the beach with Alec and the kids Family time Coleen Rooney slips her enviable curves into skimpy pastel bikini as she enjoys SECOND sun-soaked family holiday in a month with Wayne in Mykonos Perky Bella Hadid suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she goes braless in a sheer black top and skimpy white miniskirt for meetings in Paris Pixie Lott wows in a form-fitting peach suit and towering heels as she kicks off London Fashion Week Men's in style at star-studded charity ball Geri Horner pays tribute to late friend George Michael in Choose Life T-shirt as she spends quality time with baby son Monty... and hints at new project Nicole Murphy grocery shops in chambray dress... and reveals what she looks for in a man Eddie's ex wife defied her years Aidan Turner looks dapper in a dark navy suit at Men's Fashion Week in London amid rumours he is 'cosying up' toPoldark co-star Eleanor Tomlinson SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is former Doctor Who star Matt Smith about to get down on one knee for Lily James? Tried on rings Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and Dick Tracy star Glenne Headly dies aged 62 Her rep confirmed the sad news on Friday Kissing on the lips! Kylie Jenner plants smooch on blonde bombshell friend Anastasia as she models risque leather-and-chain bustier 'Time for a zoo visit!' John Legend and Chrissy Teigen take little Luna on her first trip to see the animals as the crooner enjoys a day off from his tour Ariel Winter's sister slams their estranged mom for criticizing the 18-year-old's clothing... before revealing the actress has 'no interest' in her birth mother Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves looks dapper for the London Fashion Week Men's... after undergoing fat-freezing liposuction in his quest to 'get skinny' 'Thank you for your love beautiful boy': Tom Hardy pens emotional tribute as his beloved dog Woody dies aged six after a battling a muscle disorder Leona Lewis looks every inch the disco diva in a dazzling ivory gown and funky corkscrew curls as she storms charity ball in London Love Island's Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top as she frolics topless by the pool in Mallorca for sizzling shots Fun in the sun  Big Bother! Dreamboys stripper Lotan Carter sends Mandy Longworth into a tizz by performing a raunchy STRIPTEASE with Arthur Fulford Tum-thing to say? Defiant Halle Berry, 50, flaunts her flat stomach in a tight sheer top after hitting out at pregnancy speculation Impeccably toned  Jeremy McConnell shrugs off rumours of relationship trouble with on/off love Stephanie Davis... as he heads out for a jog in their hometown of Liverpool 'They're working on things': TOWIE's Megan McKenna jets to Vegas with on-off beau Pete Wicks... as she CONFIRMS they are rebuilding romance Just rolled out of bed? Katie Price turns heads in a silk pyjama suit and fluffy slippers as she enjoys a day out in Manchester Boudoir chic Leggy lady! Olivia Munn showcases her svelte physique in slashed Daisy Dukes as she steps out in New York Stylish Come on Andy! Devoted tennis WAG Kim Murray cheers on her husband from the sidelines as he takes a beating at the French Open semi-finals Michael Jackson's frail mother Katherine, 87, makes rare outing in wheelchair after accusing nephew Trent Jackson of elder abuse Family outing Birthday girl! Natalie Portman hides her post-baby body in a loose dress as she celebrates 36th birthday with low-key lunch Loose attire Ibiza Weekender's Hayley Fanshaw dons VERY plunging swimsuit in Magaluf... amid rumours she will 'confront former BFF Ellie on Big Brother' Shine bright like a diamond! Ruby Rose sparkles in stunning photographs from Swarovski's new advertising campaign Model moment How Diana heard Charles on the phone in his bath to Camilla saying: 'Whatever happens, I will always love you'  Secret recording How I got the tapes that made history: ANDREW MORTON says Diana's audacity was breathtaking as she left a searing testimony on life as a royal  'My knickers will remain firmly on!' Love Island's Jessica dashes Dom's hopes of anything more... while a joke between Amber and Kem goes wrong 'I can't cope!' Frankie Essex proudly shows off her flat stomach in skimpy bikini as she reveals she's lost 3Ibs in five days at bootcamp in the Algarve 'I regret most of them!' David Beckham is ridiculed by James Corden for his infamous fashions fails as he recreates wedding day look with Emily Blunt Rock chick Noomi Rapace debuts peroxide pixie crop... as she goes for punk vibes at Oliver Spencer show during Men's London Fashion Week Bikini pinup! Blac Chyna displays colorful tattoos and bountiful bosom in swimsuit... seven months after welcoming Rob Kardashian's baby Feels like home: Iggy Azalea shares throwback snaps of her humble family abode in her native country Australia Back to her roots 'I needed a second to breathe!': Selena Gomez reveals working in Hollywood since age 11 wore her down but now she's 'healthy, happy' Back to her old self Sweat it out! Nicole Richie hits the gym for an intense fitness session with Gwyneth Paltrow's favorite trainer  Working up a sweat Lottie Moss flaunts her enviably toned legs in a tiny black playsuit as she joins MIC's Emily Blackwell in Ibiza... after spending VERY boozy day by the pool  Bright idea! Gwyneth Paltrow wears orange top to plug LA Goop pop-up shop offering $195 sweatshirts and $110 face oil Bright Busty Daisy Lowe power dresses in a pinstriped suit and low-cut top as she leads the front row glamour at Berthold's LFWM show Leading the way Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly exhibits her show-stopping frame in bridal bikini with veil and train as she brings her hen do to Ibiza  Fashion brand accuses Kylie Jenner of COPYING camo clothes with near-identical designs - and shares emails from star's team who placed an order  Love Island's Kady McDermott boosts her eye-popping assets with racy push-up bikini adorned with blingy touches as she lives it up in Ibiza Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry will have one-time rumored girlfriend in the delivery room when she gives birth instead of baby daddy Awkward She means business! TOWIE's Lauren Pope cuts a smart figure in a fitted red T-shirt and pinstripe trousers as she attends seminar Office appropriate  Natural beauty! Makeup free Margot Robbie flaunts her enviable figure in tight activewear leggings as she steps out for workout in Los Angeles Make-up free Drew Barrymore is casual chic as she pushes cart full of flowers after sweet trip to the Museum of Ice Cream Running errands 'It was a disaster': Russell Brand reveals he once auditioned to be in 90s boyband 5IVE during a 'drug-induced frenzy' Unexpected  Birds of a feather shop together! TOWIE's Gemma Collins carries a stuffed flamingo as she steps out in a monochrome blouse and ripped jeans Superhero smooch! Luke Cage co-stars Mike Colter and Rosario Dawson film passionate kiss scene in New York City Steamy How Wonder Woman socked it to Hollywood's sexists: Cinemas are filled with girl-only audiences amid record takings despite chauvinist warnings 'I want it to be Emily's show!': Julie Andrews, 81, explains why she won't appear in Mary Poppins Returns opposite Blunt as the magical nanny Blonde at the beach! Makeup-free Julia Roberts, 49, appears youthful as she gets hit by a sea breeze while heading to lunch in Malibu Party of one! Flawless Neve Campbell showcases her toned arms in colorblock outfit at Women of Influence event Elegant Effortlessly stylish! Natural beauty Katie Holmes looks relaxed in a white t-shirt and jeans as she steps out for dinner date at Nobu Low key She can't stop laughing! Zoe Kravitz cracks up while talking about new comedy Rough Night as she stuns in black mini dress EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll defends friendship with 'sweet' Marco Pierre White Jr... after having fat-freezing liposuction to 'get skinny' for the summer 'Stunningly beautiful babies': Amal Clooney's mother Baria Alamuddin gushes over becoming a grandmother to newborn twins Ella and Alexander Proud grandmother  A star in stripes! Ashley Greene wears nautical top and tiny denim shorts as she enjoys casual outing in Los Angeles Stepping out TOWIE's Chloe Meadows shows off her toned abs in a cutaway cobalt one-piece as she goes boating on trip to Vietnam Blue-tiful! Urban gypsy! Heidi Klum covers up her supermodel curves by layering a jacket on top of a dress and jeans as she strolls in NYC Laid back look One of the kids! Gwen Stefani, 47, looks youthful in pink tank top and funky hairstyle as she takes her three children shopping in Beverly Hills 'Hips rounder, thighs thicker': Padma Lakshmi poses in a bikini as she comments on weight gain during filming of Top Chef Confident in her curves Heads up, Scott! First trailer for Bella Thorne's movie You Get Me, where she plays a deranged jilted ex-lover, is released after Disick fling goes sour Make-up free Kendall Jenner, 21, cuts a casual figure on a low-key night out... as she puts her first property on the market for a cool $1.6million Scantily-clad Little Mix ooze sass and sex appeal as they enlist the help of Stormzy and a bevy of RuPaul's Drag Race stars for new music video Power 'I'm an old romantic': Melanie Sykes, 46, jokes she'd be 'asking for trouble on Tinder' as she steps out in a flirty floral dress to promote Blind Date Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen flaunts her figure in gold bikini in Ibiza... as viewers jump to her defense following THAT 'disgusting' Marnie Simpson brawl 'How insane are you to call that young woman fat?': TV icon Valerie Bertinelli slams internet trolls for criticizing size two Selena Gomez Healthy figure  'Petty and immature' Taylor Swift SLAMMED for re-releasing music on streaming services same time enemy Katy drops new album... as feud escalates 'I'm dating a new dude': Amy Schumer reveals she has moved on from ex Ben Hanisch as she hits Hilarity For Charity event in NYC Moving on Let's paint the town red! Lisa Rinna's girl Delilah Belle Hamlin celebrates high school graduation on night out with sister Amelia Night out Made In Mykonos: Louise Thompson shows off her pert derrière in a metallic bikini in yet another cheeky snapshot from her sun-drenched trip From Bob Dylan's Victoria's Secret ad and David Beckham's fish fingers to Kathy Griffin's squatty potty: Unusual celebrity endorsements you had forgotten about SPOILER ALERT: Sukhvinder Javeed breaks down in tears amid expletive-filled rant about housemate Arthur... as Imran brands him 'threatening' EXCLUSIVE: Jodie Sweetin's ex reveals argument with Fuller House star over dog-sitting a French bulldog was fueled by his 'roid rage' Love match! Lindsey Vonn almost suffers a wardrobe malfunction in daring split skirt as she packs on the PDA with beau Kenan Smith at the French Open Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in head-to-toe white as she rocks sports-chic ensemble for flight to Paris Oo la la  He's only got eyes for you! Smitten Robin Thicke, 40, gazes adoringly at April Love Geary, 22, as they hold hands in LA terminal Loved-up  Leggy Madison Beer flashes ample assets and hourglass curves in strappy black dress as she heads to birthday bash in Hollywood Justin Bieber's protege  Leggy Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her fabulous figure in a thigh-skimming orange lace dress as she enjoys day out Ageless beauty Katy Perry dances in her kitchen and parties with pals as she takes fans on a house tour for live stream of her life... lasting three days ahead of new album launch 'Shame on you!' Journalist reveals Seal 'stormed off' when asked about his love life ...as Delta Goodrem calls their relationship 'purely platonic' Wild side! Selena Gomez suffers wardrobe malfunction in edgy flank-baring white top while promoting her new song Busting out  Buoy, does she look good! Emily Blunt dons a skimpy hot pink bikini as she leans in for a kiss with husband John Krasinski on a boat in Italy The Black Panther is here! First poster for the Marvel film has Chadwick Boseman on metallic throne as studio reveals plot First look She has a new Friend! Lisa Kudrow laughs it up with Meryl Streep as they honor Diane Keaton at the AFI Awards in Hollywood Two of a kind Love Island's Jessica Shears caught up in a shocking SEX TAPE scandal... just a week after naked photos of the glamour model emerged online 'He's gonna need some sleeping pills!': Tilda Swinton has some words of advice for pal George Clooney now that he has twins with Amal Happily married! Miranda Kerr shows off her stunning wedding ring for the first time as she returns to the runway after marriage to Evan Spiegel Eagle-eyed viewers point out critical flaw in 'awkward' election day scene as Kathy and Jane discuss their election votes on EastEnders 'They torment me': RHOBH's Brandi Glanville insists love rival LeAnn Rimes is 'OBSESSED' with her... amid claims ex Eddie Cibrian is using their kids as 'pawns' Chip off the old block! Cindy Crawford's model children Kaia and Presley Gerber join fashion's elite at Moschino runway show in Los Angeles Taking sexy to the Max(well)! Stella bares ALL on the Moschino runway in sheer gown before hanging out with devoted girlfriend Kristen Stewart Poppy goes dotty! Delevingne looks lovely in a stylish polka print fishtail dress as she attends Jo Malone party in Madrid Sizzling in Spain Baywatch babe Nicola Roberts slips into a plunging scarlet swimsuit as she enjoys the sun at Ibiza fitness retreat Looking good  Olivia Grant shimmers in a mermaid inspired lace and sequin gown as she leads the glamour at Bright Young Things party in London 'I loved him but he had a misplaced sense of priorities': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans blames absent dad for troubled personal life in new tell-all So in love! Ariel Winter dons shimmery thigh-skimming dress as she kisses beau Levi Meaden at LA Dodgers gala Leggy lady  Lily Collins dazzles at star-studded Okja premiere... as she confirms frail father Phil Collins, 66, is 'doing good' in hospital after dramatic fall Suits you! Brad Pitt cuts a dapper figure in gray blazer and trousers for New York City premiere of Netflix film Okja Suited and booted  Sarah Hyland teases eye-popping cleavage in stunning zip front floral dress as she turns heads at Moschino runway show Fabulous in florals  Leggy Fergie flaunts her sensational frame in a thigh-skimming mini dress to attend Moschino's runway show Tanned and toned She's on fire! Hailey Baldwin flashes major cleavage in flame design bodysuit as she and Jasmine Tookes sizzle while walking the Moschino runway show I think aisle wear it again! Katie Piper makes an arrival to remember as she takes to the stage at the Ideal Home Show in wedding dress Hard to stomach! Bella Thorne takes shot at making Scott Disick jealous by flaunting her taut tummy in a sexy black crop top as she heads out in Hollywood Something to tell us?Matt Dillon's girlfriend Roberta Mastromichele sports HUGE sparkler on engagement finger... as they enjoy romantic break in Rome Carefree Joanna Krupa nails casual chic as she goes braless in a tank top and sweatpants to run errands in Studio City Casual yet chic  Jamie Laing can't keep his hands off bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff as they soak up the sun with Made In Chelsea co-stars at boozy pool party in Ibiza Rachel McAdams channels old Hollywood glamour in a plunging floral gown at star studded gala in honour of Diane Keaton Gorgeous in green  'I got really upset': Jerry Seinfeld says he never loses his temper with his kids - apart from the one time he caught his daughter watching KUWTK  'I fake-tried to get pregnant': Khloe Kardashian reveals she pretended to do fertility treatments during troubled marriage with Lamar Odom  Justin Bieber hires Elsa Hosk and a bevy of sizzling Victoria's Secret beauties including Jasmine Tookes, Stella Maxwell and Sara Sampaio for newly released 2U video Holly Willoughby's weight loss regime revealed... after This Morning star showcased her slimline figure at Glamour Awards The secret's out One Direction... up! Harry Styles climbs to the top of London's Westminster City Hall for impromptu gig for James Corden's Late Late Show Rachel Weisz reveals she was EXPELLED from school after doing 'multiple bad things' during glamorous appearance on The Graham Norton Show Defiant Vogue Williams sports floaty florals o on night out...  after being branded 'cruel and stupid' over call for internment of Muslim terror suspects Elegant Lily James dazzles in a metallic fringed dress as she joins casual Liz Hurley for a glamorous dinner date  Gorgeous in grey  Delighted Emily Blunt says daughter Hazel, 3, got her British accent back while living in London for Mary Poppins filming  Super Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples AGAIN in a semi-sheer top and skirt as she arrives in Los Angeles Bold display  Kovered up! Make-up free Kylie Jenner takes a break from her racy costumes as she wears baggy sweats for a smoothie run in LA Au natural  In bed with Sahara! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Ray poses TOPLESS as she reveals her G-string clad posterior in raunchy Instagram snap   Age-defying Andie MacDowell, 59, oozes glamour as she steps out in a plunging floor-length gown for AFI's Lifetime Achievement Gala Leggy Sistine Stallone shows off her slender frame in bardot top and mini-skirt as she poses alongside sister Sophia at book launch Sister act  'I've got no doubt it will happen': Olly Murs says he's STILL desperate to mend eight-year family rift... after his estranged brother said he'd 'moved on' New mom Irina Shayk shows off her flawless complexion as she goes make-up free in skinny jeans for a day out in NYC Model moment  That's a Lottie drink! Bikini-clad mini-Moss sips from a HUGE pitcher of drink and smokes by the pool as she spends a very boozy day with MIC cast Forget Idris Elba! David Beckham stakes claim to be the new 007 opposite Bond girl James Corden on Late Late Show Shaken and stirred  Front-and-center fashionista! Kate Beckinsale beams at Moschino runway show as she sits alongside Sarah Hyland, Vanessa Hudgens, and Fergie Aztec camera! Vanessa Hudgens causes explosion of flashbulbs on the red carpet in native American print dress at Moschino show  Who's bovvered? Ashley Graham pours curves into wet-look black pants and patterned jacket with platform boots at Moschino show in LA Devoted! Kristen Stewart supports Stella Maxwell backstage as she struts her stuff at Moschino Resort Collection show in LA Perfect pair  International love! Britney Spears matches hunky beau Sam Asghari in pink as they enjoy break from world tour in Japan Pink to make him wink  EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa displays her toned arms on a food run... after showing off her fab abs ahead of Dan Osborne wedding Awkward! Nicola Peltz keeps her eyes wide open as boyfriend Anwar Hadid passionately kisses her during shopping trip Got her eye on him  Queen of the crop! Hailey Baldwin flashes steely abs and incredibly trim waist in cropped Supreme hoodie Abs-olutely fabulous  Soccer mom! Charlize Theron dazzles in an elegant black midi dress as she carries a checkered ball while arriving to Jimmy Kimmel Sam Thompson is joined by bikini-clad Emily Blackwell as they party in Ibiza... after announcing plans to split with Tiffany Watson for the summer Golden girl! Mandy Moore sparkles in glittering embroidered frock as she attends Television Academy Honors alongside This Is Us co-stars He's getting big! Heidi Montag shares 3D sonogram of her 'angel' son as she prepares to welcome first child with Spencer Pratt  Baby love  Mamma mia! American Pie star Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shares revealing nude selfie at 22 weeks along Bumping along  EXCLUSIVE: Emma Willis 'had no idea' the new Big Brother line up included Ex On The Beach stars... as she addresses THAT awkward launch night chat with Lotan Carter Sin City P-D-A: Kendra Wilkinson and Hank Baskett make out on the red carpet for her racy live Las Vegas Sex Tips show Pucker up  Just the girls! Demi Moore stands out in bright red frock as she spends quality time with daughter Tallulah Willis at book launch Double trouble  Hollywood: The Next Generation! Emma Stone channels Star Trek android Data in black and gold gown at Diane Keaton gala Golden girl  Thanks Annie Hall! Woody Allen pays homage to muse Diane Keaton as he presents actress with AFI's Lifetime Achievement Award in Hollywood Youthful Meg Ryan, 55, stuns in flirty pastel dress and metallic heels as she storms the red carpet at AFI tribute to Diane Keaton Ageless beauty Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on united front as they seem in good spirits at 8-year-old Seraphina's school graduation Friendly exes  All grown up! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber graduates high school and celebrates with a big hug from sister Kaia Beauty and brains  Reese Witherspoon dazzles in a classic little black dress as she honors Diane Keaton at lifetime achievement ceremony Chic and cheerful  Name that tomb! The Mummy co-stars Tom Cruise and Annabelle Wallis dance up a storm on Spanish TV show... after critics PAN their film Isla Fisher looks sensational as she pampers herself at LA hair salon... ahead of her appearance on ABC's The Gong Show Radiant redhead Showing Carmelo what he's missing! La La Anthony vamps it up as she flaunts her fabulous figure in fishnet frock at Power premiere in DC She's got the power Elsa Pataky gives fans a sneak peek into the home she shares with Chris Hemsworth as she shows how she packs a suitcase... and it's not as organised as you would think! 'I do deserve it': Bethenny Frankel mulls $16.5 million townhouse as she looks set to splash out on Million Dollar Listing New York Big investment  Big Brother's Hannah almost comes to blows with Chanelle when the bubbly brunette throws a SLIPPER at her... as half the house is put up for eviction 'That's put me off my sausage sandwich!': Big Brother's Arthur Fullford shocks his fellow housemates by going full-frontal NAKED in the shower Zahida Allen and beau Sean Pratt have a blazing row on hotel balcony in Ibiza... as he admits he finds it hard to 'cut her off' despite cheating with Scotty T Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Cheesy comedy! Anna Faris delivers pizzas on set of Overboard as her glamorous costar Eva Longoria shields herself from the rain in Vancouver 'He's a stuntman in training': Owen Wilson shares video of Jackie Chan fan son Ford leaping head first into pool   Chip off the old block. Coy Nicole Kidman giggles like a schoolgirl when asked what husband Keith Urban whispered in her ear in THAT Cannes red carpet moment No need for Privacy? Chris Brown makes a bold statement as he covers huge wall on Los Anegele house with colorful graffiti artwork Artistic  Take That the musical takes £10m! Show breaks record three months before nationwide tour starts... after stars scored parts through TV show   EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Caroline Flack looks sensational as she poses in an array of form-fitting ensembles for new fashion magazine shoot Love Island's Chloe shares a steamy late-night kiss with womaniser Chris... after the newcomer tries it on with TWO other girls in one day Ibiza Weekender star Hayley Fanshaw sizzles in TINY scarlet swimsuit in Magaluf... after she was 'left raging when BFF Ellie Young ditched her for Big Brother Vicky Pattison puts on an eye-popping as she slips into tiny coral bikini while holding hands with shirtless beau John Noble on Magaluf beach Pretty in pink  Tom Hughes as Ireland's most gorgeous rat-catcher? The award for 2017's Most Ridiculous Thriller should go to Paula, by JIM SHELLEY 'I don't have a boyfriend... or any kids yet': Katy Perry says her puppy has become her closest 'companion' as she is interviewed by a seven-year-old Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Trending Mujra has become hyper-sexualised in Pakistan, thanks partly to Zia-ul-Haq’s puritanical policies Full text: Fali Nariman explains why the CBI raid on NDTV was an attack on press freedom Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story Can a BJP MLA’s war on ‘killer momos’ end the reign of North India’s favourite street food? Academic autonomy is gone, will funds be next? New UGC policy draft angers teachers The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services Indian schools are using WhatsApp to enslave mothers and crush children’s independence With Japan and China coming closer, the dream of Asian dominance may just forge ahead without India Three facts about BJP founder SP Mookerjee that a recent exhibition in Delhi did not show Watch: This is the Pepsi advertisement that the company had to withdraw Do you need to link PAN and Aadhaar? Breaking down the Supreme Court’s order Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending Mujra has become hyper-sexualised in Pakistan, thanks partly to Zia-ul-Haq’s puritanical policies Full text: Fali Nariman explains why the CBI raid on NDTV was an attack on press freedom Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story Can a BJP MLA’s war on ‘killer momos’ end the reign of North India’s favourite street food? Academic autonomy is gone, will funds be next? New UGC policy draft angers teachers The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services Indian schools are using WhatsApp to enslave mothers and crush children’s independence With Japan and China coming closer, the dream of Asian dominance may just forge ahead without India Three facts about BJP founder SP Mookerjee that a recent exhibition in Delhi did not show Watch: This is the Pepsi advertisement that the company had to withdraw Do you need to link PAN and Aadhaar? Breaking down the Supreme Court’s order Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy drug regulation Why Amazon should keep prescription drugs off its voluminous shelves Amazon currently sells pretty much everything, including the kitchen sink, but medications are very different from books and fidget spinners. by  C. Michael White, The Conversation Published Jun 08, 2017 · 11:30 pm Reuters Jun 08, 2017 · 11:30 pm C. Michael White, The Conversation Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Amazon hit a milestone this month after the price of one share hit US$1,000 for the first time, giving it a total value of close to $500 billion. That makes it the fourth-biggest company in the U.S. in terms of market capitalization and twice the size of brick-and-mortar rival Walmart. The online retailer’s incredible growth has come from expanding into more and more areas of the economy, providing its customers with speedy delivery of everything from socks and books to lawn chairs and computers. One category it has yet to enter, however, is prescription drugs. Amazon wants to change that and dispense drugs alongside its hundreds of millions of other wares. Would this be a good thing for consumers and the health care system? The biggest online retailer’s entry into this market may lead to efficiency gains, but the cost would be dear in terms of further severing the link between patients and actual pharmacists. Research, including my own, shows that patients need more face-to-face time with pharmacists, not less. Brief history of pharmacies Pharmacies (or apothecaries, as they were once known) have existed since antiquity. The first retail pharmacy began in Philadelphia in 1729. Back then, pharmacists not only dispensed medications to patients (without a prescription) but diagnosed diseases and handcrafted drugs. In 1951, Congress passed the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which prohibited pharmacists from dispensing FDA-approved drugs without a valid prescription. Mail-order pharmacies harnessing the raw efficiency of mass-filling prescriptions began to boom in the 1980s. In 2013, about 39 percent of customers said they refilled their prescription by mail order, up from an estimated 6 percent in 1990. Clearly it costs less per unit of labor for prescriptions to be filled in a centralized facility with industrial pill counting technology and with auto-refills of medication than when prescriptions are filled manually in the store by a local pharmacist triggered by a patient calling the pharmacy. Consumers say they like the convenience of mail-order pharmacies, which is likely one of the reasons Amazon is getting serious about entering the $450 billion market for prescription drugs. Amazon might be able to enhance the user experience, as well as make the process even more efficient, but there’s a cost. Drugs aren’t socks What is missing from the discussion is that prescription drugs are not socks or refrigerators. When consumers take drugs, they become patients, not just customers. While prescription drugs hold the promise of preventing disease and treating symptoms, they can maim or even kill if not used correctly. In 1993, for example, medication-related errors led to about 7,400 deaths, more than double the number of fatalities in 1983, according to a review of death certifications. Unfortunately, they’re the latest data available, but most likely the number is higher today. A key reason for these errors seems to be a lack of communication. A 2003 report noted that better communication among physicians, pharmacists and nurses could prevent 86 percent of the most serious medication errors, which suggests shifting more drug dispensation to a centralized facility from local pharmacies would worsen the problem. Studies show face-to-face encounters with pharmacists lead to greater prescription adherence and thus better outcomes. Reuters/Gary Cameron Too many people aren’t taking their meds Another thing that makes prescription drugs very different than Amazon’s typical offerings is that in many cases it’s essential that patients actually take their meds as prescribed. That’s not happening. Taking drugs in the right dosage for the right amount of time is critical to effectively cure a disease, prevent the formation of antimicrobial resistance and keep a malady from progressing. Yet on average, only about 50 percent of American patients typically take their medicines as prescribed, costing hundreds of billions of dollars in adverse outcomes and unnecessary hospitalizations each year. Furthermore, in my own research involving patients with cardiovascular diseases, I have found that people are simply not receiving the medications they need – and when they are, they aren’t following through on the required dosage, leading to worse outcomes. I’ve found that greater interaction between patients and pharmacists can help solve this problem. Other studies have shown that more active face-to-face engagement with a pharmacist improves a patient’s level of adherence to a prescription, which can lead to better outcomes. A study involving Walgreens pharmacists, for example, suggested direct drug counseling reduced health care costs by $266 on average, mostly due to fewer hospitalizations. The environmental costs Finally, another key aspect of prescription drugs is that their waste is a big and growing problem. Unlike the clothes or appliances you order, medications can’t simply be returned to the merchant, restocked and resold to another customer. There’s no way of ensuring they weren’t adulterated or improperly stored, and the risks are too great. That means every pill that goes unused must be disposed of, which is a huge waste of money but also is a major source of pollution. In a 2015 assessment of medications turned in for disposal, more than half of the prescriptions purchased from mail-order pharmacies still contained 80 percent of more of the original pills. Even more troubling, 39 percent had every single pill originally dispensed. That compares with much-lower rates of 37 percent and 17 percent for community pharmacies. Many of the unused drugs, however, aren’t properly disposed of and instead end up in a landfill or flushed down a toilet. A nationwide study conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey in 1999 and 2000 found low levels of pharmaceuticals – including antibiotics, hormones, contraceptives and steroids – in 80 percent of the rivers and streams sampled, contaminating 40 million Americans’ drinking water. Studies have shown that aquatic animals are adversely affected by these hormones, with some male fish developing female sex organs, and there are concerns that long-term exposure to a tainted water supply can lead to more superbugs. Small gains for many pains Amazon is a revolutionary company that has reshaped how we shop and has helped drastically increase the efficiency of shipping small packages. This could even allow it to reduce some of the negative side effects, noted above, of remote pharmacies, such as by making it more cost-effective to ship small quantities of pills to reduce waste. But to my mind, any modest gains in efficiencies or cost savings are paid for dearly by the negative outcomes that result from medication-related errors and patients not following through on their prescriptions, while the waste of unused drugs will continue. And while this problem has been with us for a while, Amazon, due to its size and ability to quickly dominate markets, would make the situation a lot worse. Delivering a product more efficiently cannot be the only metric of success. With prescription drugs, saving lives must be considered as well. C. Michael White, Professor and Head of the Department of Pharmacy Practice, University of Connecticut. This article first appeared on The Conversation. We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. Amazon Drugs Prescription Drugs Print Trending Mujra has become hyper-sexualised in Pakistan, thanks partly to Zia-ul-Haq’s puritanical policies Full text: Fali Nariman explains why the CBI raid on NDTV was an attack on press freedom Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story Can a BJP MLA’s war on ‘killer momos’ end the reign of North India’s favourite street food?
Friday, June 9, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Walmart shows off renovations Friday, June 9, 2017 Copyright 2017 ‹ Prev 1 of 2 Next › By Justin Carlucci jcarlucci@tnonline.com After three months of round-the-clock renovations and additions, the Lehighton Walmart Supercenter now sports a new look. The store hosted a grand reopening and ribbon-cutting ceremony Friday morning as a way to give back to the community. “The grand reopening is a way to refresh our stores from time to time,” store manager Girvin Janicki said. “It’s been about six-and-a-half years since we grand-opened our Supercenter here in Lehighton.” Janicki said, “We’ve added several areas of the store, most noticeably, our online grocery pickup. Customers can order these groceries online.” “We’ll pick and pack those items, and they will check out online,” he said. “The customer will pull their car around the side of the building, they’ll never have to even enter the store. It’s a time-saver for people looking to save time.” The process is simple and stress-free. Log on to Walmart.com, select your items, and choose a pickup time. A standard pickup is free, and an order minimum costs $30. “It’s important that we stay ahead of the curve,” Janicki said. “Retail is changing by the day. As a company, we are committed to invest back into our stores. Our company chose to invest money into our local Lehighton Walmart store to improve us, and to continue giving our community the latest and most up-to-date items.” Other upgrades throughout the store include the hardware department, which added more of a selection that now includes more power and industrial tools; the pharmacy, which now features a health service room; while the floors inside the store itself are wider, which makes more space for consumers to flow throughout the venue. The biggest revamp may have been to the electronics section, which the photo department will now call its home, and the entire display of the area has changed. “It’s very interactive,” said Janicki. “The customers can feel and touch the displays, tablets, cellphones, and the laptops. That is very important to the customer, and it provides us with easy access to those products.” The store also contributed six grants to six local organizations in the amount of $8,000. Recipients were Marlyn Kissner, Executive Director, Carbon Chamber and Economic Development Corporation ($1,000); Carolyn Long, Trinity Pantry ($1,000); Lt. Justin Smith, Franklin Township Fire Company ($1,000); the PA Treatment and Healing Organization ($1,000); Patrick Mriss, Chief, Lehighton Fire Department ($2,000); and Audie Mertz, Chief, Mahoning Township Police Department ($2,000). “We have an opportunity to give back to every community that we serve,” Janicki said. “There are so many organizations inside every community that need our donation.” A total of 16 Lehighton Supercenter associates have been with the local branch since its first day on Oct. 26, 1994, whom Janicki referred to as the “backbone” of the store, and longtime workers were honored by participating in the ribbon-cutting ceremony. “Business has increased every single year since we’ve been up here, driven mostly by the addition to the food side of the business as we converted to a Supercenter,” Janicki said. “Every department in the store has shown increases over the last six-and-a-half years. This couldn’t happen without truly dedicated associates and managers. We couldn’t accomplish this goal in a short 12-week-period without everyone playing a part.” All of the renovations are live and ready to use, including the online grocery pickup, he said. “It’s been a long time coming,” Janicki said. “Our Lehighton community deserved a store like this. It has supported Walmart for all of the 22-and-a-half years now that we’ve been serving the community.” Photo Gallery: http://www.tnonline.com/gallery/lehighton-walmart-holds-grand-re-opening Video: http://www.tnonline.com/gallery/lehighton-walmart-holds-grand-re-opening Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° Clear Keene, NH (03431) Today Except for a few afternoon clouds, mainly sunny. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 82F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 59F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 10, 2017 @ 12:56 am Full Forecast We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit news Toggle navigation Home News Local Crime Community Economy E-edition Education Environment Health National/World Special Reports Multimedia Submit News Sports Local National Submit a Score Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Op-ed Out & About Movie Listings Local Arts Calendar ELF Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds Place an Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs ( on kscareerfinder.com ) Thanks for literally paying it forward, by Judith Hildreth 13 hrs ago On June 5, I was at the checkout at Wal-Mart in Keene when I discovered my debit card was not in my wallet. Frantically looking in my purse, I asked the clerk if she could put my items aside while I went to the bank. As I was leaving, the clerk called to me and stated a most wonderful fact: “The woman behind you has paid for your purchases”! I tried to find her, but could not. If you are a slender woman, wearing a lavender-colored jacket, who was in Wal-Mart on June 5, and you are the one who paid for the purchases of the person in front of you, God bless you! What a wonderful way to show your kindness and love for others. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for paying it forward. JUDITH HILDRETH 38 Rolling Hills Drive, No. A-58 Hinsdale If you're interested in submitting a Letter to the Editor, follow the form below. There is a 400-word limit for all letters.Submit a letter Latest e-Edition Keene Sentinel To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left. Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Keene man accused of soliciting sex acts from a child, possessing child pornography Hinsdale man charged with sexual assault, manufacturing child pornography Man who fell off bridge into river in Hinsdale presumed dead, authorities say Man charged with endangering the welfare of his children while intoxicated Hinsdale man held on high bail; affidavit details alleged sexual assault of a child Man charged in connection with stabbing in Peterborough; alleged victim is OK State Police investigating serious assault in Fitzwilliam Sun shines upon group remembering loved one on Mount Monadnock Friend remembers Hinsdale man whose body was found in river Meadowood fire department to dissolve after 64 years Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Connect with Us sentinelsource.com 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Phone: 603-352-1234 Email: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Services Login About Us Contact Us Advertising Rates Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit News Sections The Keene Sentinel News Sports Opinion Out & About Obituaries Publications Subscriptions Classifieds © Copyright 2017 SentinelSource.com, 60 West Street Keene, NH | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Employees Break Car Windows, Save Infant Left In Hot Vehicle Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Employees Break Car Windows, Save Infant Left In Hot Vehicle Image courtesy of WSPA June 9, 2017 11:04 am EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup kids in cars Hot Cars children safety this is why you don't leave kids in hot cars When employees of a Walmart in South Carolina learned that there was a baby in a hot car in the store’s parking lot, they took action, breaking the closed windows and rescuing the shaking, sweating 6-month-old inside. Local police are now investigating the situation. Police say that both parents were inside the store while the temperature increased inside the vehicle, which was switched off and had its windows rolled up. A local safety advocate explained to TV station WSPA that the temperature in a car can rise ten degrees every twenty minutes, reaching around 115 degrees in the early summer. The parents told police that they forgot the child was in the car while they were shopping, and the case is under investigation. The child survived, but WSPA didn’t have information on her current condition. No charges have been filed against the parents yet. While leaving a child behind in a hot car may seem unthinkable, incidents have increased since rear-facing child safety seats that must be installed in the back seat became standard. According to a 2009 Pulitzer Prize-winning Washington Post feature on the phenomenon, that change made it much easier to overlook the presence of a child in the back, especially if the child is quiet or sleeping, and if a family’s routine is disrupted in some way. This year, according to the group Kids and Cars, nine children across the country have died when left behind in a parked car, and a total of 800 children have been killed since 1990. READ MORE: 800 Kids Have Died In Hot Cars: Why Aren’t Alert Systems Standard? Child safety advocates are campaigning for automakers to include features that sense weight in the back seat or remind drivers to check the back in new cars, which some automakers have started to introduce. Experts also recommend leaving a necessary item like a purse, briefcase, mobile phone, or even the driver’s left shoe (if you have an automatic vehicle) in the backseat, creating an automatic reminder to check the backseat. In South Carolina, a person who smashes a car window to rescue a child won’t be charged with a crime, but aspiring Good Samaritans should call 9-1-1 first, then follow the dispatcher’s instructions. The Spartanburg Walmart employees broke the window first, then called emergency services. June 9, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup kids in cars Hot Cars children safety this is why you don't leave kids in hot cars Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related summer psa Please, Please, Please: Do Not Leave Your Children In Hot, Locked Cars Another Tragic Reminder While Owner Shops At Walmart For 13 Hours, Dog Dies In Her Hot Car seriously just stop it Report: Shoppers Smash Jeep’s Windows To Free Children Crying Inside Hot Car keep them safe 800 Kids Have Died In Hot Cars: Why Aren’t Alert Systems Standard? close calls N.J. Police Officer Smashes Window To Save Child Trapped Inside Hot Minivan Previous The Internet Can Help Treat Sick People In Rural America, But Most Lack Adequate Access Next Retail Apocalypse Claims 2,000 More Jobs As Hudson’s Bay Scales Back Workforce Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Retail Apocalypse Claims 2,000 More Jobs As Hudson’s Bay Scales Back Workforce Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In The French Face of the Amazon Fightback By Andrea Felsted Leila Abboud BERTRAND GUAY / Staff Consumer Andrea Felsted Andrea Felsted is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the consumer and retail industries. She previously worked at the Financial Times. Follow @AndreaFelsted Leila Abboud Leila Abboud is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering technology. She previously worked for Reuters and the Wall Street Journal. Follow @labboudles Facebook Twitter Email Print Share June 9, 2017 10:37 AM EDT AMAZON.COM INC -31.96 At Closing, June 9th 978.31 USD CARREFOUR SA -0.04 At Closing, June 9th 23.14 EUR Wacky supermarket combinations are all the rage. First there was J Sainsbury Plc's acquisition of Argos, and then Tesco Plc's bid for Booker. Even Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has got in on the act, buying internet retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion. There's one theme uniting all these disparate deals: the need to fight Amazon.com Inc., whether that's in its fledgling grocery delivery business or in its more established non-food markets. Balancing Act Alexandre Bompard limited Fnac's sales decline while increasing earnings Source: Bloomberg When Tesco agreed to buy Booker it got a wholesaler and the possibility of a new chief executive officer down the line. Carrefour's picking Fnac Darty SA's Alexandre Bompard to be its new CEO is the other way round: there's now the potential for a tie-up between his old and new stomping grounds. Most big European supermarkets face the same threats: As well as the encroachment of Amazon, they have to contend with the rise of the German discounters Aldi and Lidl. There's also the drag from having too much space in their largest stores as sales move online. Bompard's background at Fnac shortens the odds on some kind of co-operation with Carrefour. That could be simply a deal for Fnac to take excess space in the grocery stores.  Sainsbury initially went down this road, putting Argos concessions into Sainsbury locations. After these proved successful, it went further, and made a takeover approach.  Combining Carrefour and Fnac more extensively could help the supermarket chain harness the progress Bompard has already made in fending off Amazon. These hopes, together with Bompard's strong track record, have driven shares in Carrefour higher. When he joined Fnac in 2011, it was reeling from competition from the online giant, and the broader shift of some of its products from physical to digital formats. He was able to limit revenue declines, while expanding earnings. Bompard Effect FNAC Darty shares more than tripled since their 2013 debut, while Carrefour's have stagnated in the same period. Source: Bloomberg He showed a savviness in modernizing a traditional retail business for this new era. Last year, he took that one step further, acquiring Darty, France's leading seller of home appliances, for $1.3 billion. A combination of Carrefour and Fnac would increase buying power, potentially helping the combined group to offer lower prices. It would increase the physical distribution potential for Fnac, adding 5,500 distribution points across France, according to analysts at Oddo Securities. That's something that Amazon doesn't have. The downside is that synergies would be limited. Indeed, Fnac is still working on wringing 130 million euros ($145.3 million) of promised synergies from its purchase of Darty. Bompard's decision to leave before this is complete is one of the few blemishes on his record. Indeed, analysts at Natixis see cost savings of only 55 million euros. Potential savings may be limited by reduced scope to shutter Fnac stores. That wasn't the case with Sainsbury -- one of the reasons it pounced on Argos was that it would be able to close many of its high-street locations.  French Extravagence Carrefour spends far more on capital expenditures than peers Source: Bloomberg The jury's still out on the wisdom of the Sainsbury deal. Argos had been struggling for some years when the merger happened, and the trials of the pound have created a substantial headwind to success. Across the Channel, this looks like a supermarket purchase that could work, not least because Bompard has already done a good job turning around Fnac. With Carrefour aiming to triple online sales to 4 billion euros by 2020, and no let-up in pressure from Amazon and the Germans, it may not be such a strange deal after all. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the authors of this story: Andrea Felsted in London at afelsted@bloomberg.net Leila Abboud in Paris at labboud@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Jennifer Ryan at jryan13@bloomberg.net Maturity Wall Maturity Wall Emerging-market borrowers have a growing amount of dollar-denominated debt maturing in the near term Source: J.P. Morgan EMBI Global Core Index, Bloomberg Intelligence Weak Spots Emerging-Market Debt's Frayed Edges Markets Lisa Abramowicz Falling Down the Charts Falling Down the Charts Pandora keeps spurning takeover bids from John Malone's Sirius XM, but it's only getting cheaper in the process Source: Bloomberg Getting Sirius This Pandora Deal Is No Chart-Topper Deals Tara Lachapelle Gimme Shelter Gimme Shelter Bonds and hedge funds held up far better than stocks during the 2008 financial crisis Source: Bloomberg Note: Indexed to 100. Masters of Disaster Prophets of Doom With Too Much Gloom Markets Nir Kaissar Not Investing Like It's 1999 Don't Fear the FAANGs Just Yet Markets Stephen Gandel Tabloid Press The Other Loser In Britain's Election Media Lionel Laurent Keep Calm Fly Charts: Discounting UK Elections and Cheap Jewelry Max Nisen Back To The Future Back To The Future Retailers face the prospect of weaker sterling once more Source: Bloomberg Shopping Struggle Bearing the Brunt of May's Failed Gamble Consumer Andrea Felsted Alibaba 12-month forward P/E 31 times in the cloud What Alibaba's Dreams Are Made Of Tech Shelly Banjo Hung Parliament Looking Through Britain's Election Chaos Markets Mark Gilbert Split Vote Split Vote JPMorgan shares advanced on Thursday despite the unexpected departure of its COO; roughly half the analysts covering the bank still rate it a "buy" Source: Bloomberg Exit Music Behind Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan's Bench Remains Deep Finance Gillian Tan Start Your Motors Start Your Motors Shares in Geely have jumped by more than 250 percent over the past year, versus a 35 percent rise in Great Wall Motor Source: Bloomberg Open Road Great Wall's Rearview Mirror Autos Shelly Banjo Computers Rule Computers Rule Netflix with its computerized entertainment recommendations has quadrupled its web video subscribers since 2011 Source: Bloomberg Information Overload Technology Needs a Human Touch Tech Shira Ovide Buyout Bust Buyout Bust Neiman Marcus's most recent leveraged buyout by Ares Management and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board has been a disaster, in part due to the company's significant debt load Source: Bloomberg Discount Duds Nordstrom Is Cheap for a Reason Consumer Brooke Sutherland Back in the Game Back in the Game Big Wall Street banks have figured out that bond trading can still be lucrative Source: Company filings Long Goodbye Trump Team's Bond-Trade Worries Are Too Late Markets Lisa Abramowicz New offer £2.2 billion Berendsen Battle Elis Goes Through the Wringer Deals Chris Hughes Fight The Power Fly Charts: Zuckerberg Protest Votes and Laggard Hedge Funds Max Nisen 24 Carat 24 Carat Chow Tai Fook's forward price-earnings ratio is finally back at parity with Tiffany & Co. Source: Bloomberg PRECIOUS LITTLE No Hidden Gems Here Consumer David Fickling Less Spicy Than Before Less Spicy Than Before Last year, the cost difference was in favor of tapping debt investors who wanted to bet on a stable rupee. No more. Dollar borrowings are slightly less expensive now Source: Bloomberg *INR swap onshore OIS three-months is the fixed equivalent cost of borrowing overnight rupee funds at floating rates. **Mumbai interbank forward rate three-months is the sum of USD Libor and annualized dollar-rupee forward premium. Poor Taste Masala Bonds Just Lost Their Spice Finance Andy Mukherjee Pound's level in January $1.20 Hung Parliament When No Election Result Is Better Than a Bad One Markets Lionel Laurent Worst-Case Scenario for a Company Controlled by Founders Viacom Powerless Majority Facebook Election Turns Into a Protest Tech Shira Ovide Greenlight Capital Return Year-to-Date -3.3% Slow Lane GM Crash Shows David Einhorn Isn't a Hot Rod Finance Stephen Gandel On the Recovery Path On the Recovery Path Bayer's stock, hit by the plan to buy Monsanto, has rallied in recent months Source: Bloomberg You Scratch My Back Bayer's New Best Friend Markets Chris Hughes Expected coupon 3.5% Long-dated bonds Italy: Unfashionably Late Media Marcus Ashworth Funds being raised €7 billion Popular Rescue Europe Gets a Bank Rescue Right, At Last Finance Lionel Laurent
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science The Leading Edge ScienceScope Basic Research Innovation and Invention health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US Column: Why Amazon shouldn’t get into the prescription drug business C. Michael White EMAIL BY C. Michael White  June 9, 2017 at 11:10 AM EDT Amazon wants to dispense drugs alongside its hundreds of millions of other wares. Would this be a good thing for consumers and the health care system? Photo by Brian Snyder/Reuters Amazon hit a milestone recently after the price of one share hit US$1,000 for the first time, giving it a total value of close to $500 billion. That makes it the fourth-biggest company in the U.S. in terms of market capitalization and twice the size of brick-and-mortar rival Walmart. The online retailer’s incredible growth has come from expanding into more and more areas of the economy, providing its customers with speedy delivery of everything from socks and books to lawn chairs and computers. One category it has yet to enter, however, is prescription drugs. Amazon wants to change that and dispense drugs alongside its hundreds of millions of other wares. Would this be a good thing for consumers and the health care system? The biggest online retailer’s entry into this market may lead to efficiency gains, but the cost would be dear in terms of further severing the link between patients and actual pharmacists. Research, including my own, shows that patients need more face-to-face time with pharmacists, not less. Shares of Amazon have been soaring and recently reached $1,000 for the first time. AP Photo/Richard Drew Brief history of pharmacies Pharmacies (or apothecaries, as they were once known) have existed since antiquity. The first retail pharmacy began in Philadelphia in 1729. Back then, pharmacists not only dispensed medications to patients (without a prescription) but diagnosed diseases and handcrafted drugs. In 1951, Congress passed the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which prohibited pharmacists from dispensing FDA-approved drugs without a valid prescription. Mail-order pharmacies harnessing the raw efficiency of mass-filling prescriptions began to boom in the 1980s. In 2013, about 39 percent of customers said they refilled their prescription by mail order, up from an estimated 6 percent in 1990. Clearly it costs less per unit of labor for prescriptions to be filled in a centralized facility with industrial pill counting technology and with auto-refills of medication than when prescriptions are filled manually in the store by a local pharmacist triggered by a patient calling the pharmacy. Consumers say they like the convenience of mail-order pharmacies, which is likely one of the reasons Amazon is getting serious about entering the $450 billion market for prescription drugs. Amazon might be able to enhance the user experience, as well as make the process even more efficient, but there’s a cost. Drugs aren’t socks What is missing from the discussion is that prescription drugs are not socks or refrigerators. When consumers take drugs, they become patients, not just customers. While prescription drugs hold the promise of preventing disease and treating symptoms, they can maim or even kill if not used correctly. In 1993, for example, medication-related errors led to about 7,400 deaths, more than double the number of fatalities in 1983, according to a review of death certifications. Unfortunately, they’re the latest data available, but most likely the number is higher today. A key reason for these errors seems to be a lack of communication. A 2003 report noted that better communication among physicians, pharmacists and nurses could prevent 86 percent of the most serious medication errors, which suggests shifting more drug dispensation to a centralized facility from local pharmacies would worsen the problem. Studies show face-to-face encounters with pharmacists lead to greater prescription adherence and thus better outcomes. Reuters/Gary Cameron Too many people aren’t taking their meds Another thing that makes prescription drugs very different than Amazon’s typical offerings is that in many cases it’s essential that patients actually take their meds as prescribed. That’s not happening. Taking drugs in the right dosage for the right amount of time is critical to effectively cure a disease, prevent the formation of antimicrobial resistance and keep a malady from progressing. Yet on average, only about 50 percent of American patients typically take their medicines as prescribed, costing hundreds of billions of dollars in adverse outcomes and unnecessary hospitalizations each year. Furthermore, in my own research involving patients with cardiovascular diseases, I have found that people are simply not receiving the medications they need – and when they are, they aren’t following through on the required dosage, leading to worse outcomes. I’ve found that greater interaction between patients and pharmacists can help solve this problem. Other studies have shown that more active face-to-face engagement with a pharmacist improves a patient’s level of adherence to a prescription, which can lead to better outcomes. A study involving Walgreens pharmacists, for example, suggested direct drug counseling reduced health care costs by $266 on average, mostly due to fewer hospitalizations. Discarded drugs have been found in water at this landfill in Bath, Maine, with the Kennebec River in the background. AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty The environmental costs Finally, another key aspect of prescription drugs is that their waste is a big and growing problem. Unlike the clothes or appliances you order, medications can’t simply be returned to the merchant, restocked and resold to another customer. There’s no way of ensuring they weren’t adulterated or improperly stored, and the risks are too great. That means every pill that goes unused must be disposed of, which is a huge waste of money but also is a major source of pollution. In a 2015 assessment of medications turned in for disposal, more than half of the prescriptions purchased from mail-order pharmacies still contained 80 percent of more of the original pills. Even more troubling, 39 percent had every single pill originally dispensed. That compares with much-lower rates of 37 percent and 17 percent for community pharmacies. Many of the unused drugs, however, aren’t properly disposed of and instead end up in a landfill or flushed down a toilet. A nationwide study conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey in 1999 and 2000 found low levels of pharmaceuticals – including antibiotics, hormones, contraceptives and steroids – in 80 percent of the rivers and streams sampled, contaminating 40 million Americans’ drinking water. Studies have shown that aquatic animals are adversely affected by these hormones, with some male fish developing female sex organs, and there are concerns that long-term exposure to a tainted water supply can lead to more superbugs. Amazon’s success has come partly from shipping as efficiently as possible. AP Photo/Mark Lennihan Small gains for many pains Amazon is a revolutionary company that has reshaped how we shop and has helped drastically increase the efficiency of shipping small packages. This could even allow it to reduce some of the negative side effects, noted above, of remote pharmacies, such as by making it more cost-effective to ship small quantities of pills to reduce waste. But to my mind, any modest gains in efficiencies or cost savings are paid for dearly by the negative outcomes that result from medication-related errors and patients not following through on their prescriptions, while the waste of unused drugs will continue. And while this problem has been with us for a while, Amazon, due to its size and ability to quickly dominate markets, would make the situation a lot worse. Delivering a product more efficiently cannot be the only metric of success. With prescription drugs, saving lives must be considered as well. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. C. Michael White C. Michael White is a professor and head of the department of pharmacy practice at the University of Connecticut. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Amazon Making Sen$e Making Sen$e Columnist prescription drugs PREVIOUS POST Column: How much do the poor actually pay in taxes? Probably more than you think. Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT The demand for nursing isn't going away. Will more men join their ranks? SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MAKING SEN$E Correspondent Paul Solman covers all things business and economics in these online exclusive reports. Bio SUBSCRIBE Receive MAKING SEN$E news blog in your inbox. SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML BROADCAST REPORTS When risk means reward, angry CEOs dominate How this man found his calling as an early elementary teacher These industries are growing. Why are men staying away? It’s a slow, painful recovery for this former manufacturing town Why the U.S. pays more for health care than the rest of the world Dreading doing your taxes? Other countries show us there’s another way The best ways to teach your little kids about money MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Shields and Brooks on James Comey hearing takeaways 2 How the back pain industry is taking patients for an unhealthy ride 3 10 things to read when you're grieving 4 Grab your earplugs. Invasive coqui frogs gain foothold in California 5 Polio outbreak reported in Syria 1 Column: How much do the poor actually pay in taxes? Probably more than you think. 2 What’s the best place to retire? Keep these factors in mind before settling down 3 Column: Why Amazon shouldn't get into the prescription drug business 4 The demand for nursing isn't going away. Will more men join their ranks? 5 Column: The problem with Trump's cuts to education? It undermines his own economic growth goals EDITOR'S PICKS What do you need to know about successful aging and retirement? The demand for nursing isn’t going away. Will more men join their ranks? Anger or fear: which is worse? Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Citizen says he helped police find missing Vt. teen - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH WCAX Investigates Super Seniors Recipes & Food Energy Tips Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Citizen says he helped police find missing Vt. teen Posted: Friday, June 9, 2017 10:39 AM EDT Updated: Friday, June 9, 2017 10:42 AM EDT By Priscilla Liguori BioEmail Connect Biography liguori@wcax.com Follow @WCAX_Priscilla Courtesy: Billy Pfaff Courtesy: Billy Pfaff Courtesy: Billy Pfaff Courtesy: Billy Pfaff LISBON, Conn. - A man who travels the country looking for missing people says he spotted the car police suspected a missing Vermont teen was in at a Walmart in Connecticut. Mackayla Lozell, 16, of Alburgh, was found OK in Lisbon, Connecticut, at around 3:30 p.m. Thursday. She was with William Smith, 47, a convicted sex offender, who was arrested at the scene. Police believe Mackayla had been with Smith since she went missing Sunday. We spoke with Billy Pfaff, the man who says he spotted Smith's car in the Walmart parking lot and called police. He sent us photos of the scene. Pfaff told us he doesn't know Mackayla or Smith, but he travels the country to find missing people. He said tips led him to Connecticut. "The car was empty, full of clothing and stuff like that. So what I did was waited for the state police to come. As I was talking to them, I seen them walking out of the woods. And I watched the young girl grab his arm and pull back on them. And I screamed to the state police, 'They're right there!'" Pfaff said. Vermont State Police say they are still investigating what happened. No word yet on whether Smith will face charges in connection with this case. Related Stories: Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested Police get multiple tips on car connected to missing Vt. teen Police: Missing teen may be with sex offender Local NewsMore>> Flat Tre takes Burlington Jazz Fest by storm Flat Tre takes Burlington Jazz Fest by storm Updated: Saturday, June 10 2017 12:23 AM EDT2017-06-10 04:23:10 GMT Jazz Fest continues in Burlington this weekend. Friday night photographer Matt Rector shares the sights and sounds and I met a pint-sized fan from Colchester. Jazz Fest continues in Burlington this weekend. Friday night photographer Matt Rector shares the sights and sounds and I met a pint-sized fan from Colchester. Brattleboro missing teen found, man facing charges Brattleboro missing teen found, man facing charges Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 10:20 PM EDT2017-06-10 02:20:59 GMT A happy ending to missing teen story we told you about Thursday. A happy ending to missing teen story we told you about Thursday. Coventry town clerk forced out amid missing money scandal Coventry town clerk forced out amid missing money scandal Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 7:44 PM EDT2017-06-09 23:44:35 GMT Embattled Coventry Town Clerk and Treasurer Cynthia Diaz has lost her job amid a million-dollar missing money scandal. But our Tyler Dumont found her fight to stay on isn't over yet.  Embattled Coventry Town Clerk and Treasurer Cynthia Diaz has lost her job amid a million-dollar missing money scandal. But our Tyler Dumont found her fight to stay on isn't over yet.  How dangerous is a Vt. murder suspect awaiting trial? How dangerous is a Vt. murder suspect awaiting trial? Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 6:19 PM EDT2017-06-09 22:19:40 GMT Testimony continued Friday in a competency hearing for an accused killer in Chittenden County. Testimony continued Friday in a competency hearing for an accused killer in Chittenden County. Threat prompts 'Clear the Halls' at South Burlington school Threat prompts 'Clear the Halls' at South Burlington school Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:20 PM EDT2017-06-09 16:20:50 GMT A threat from a potentially dangerous individual cleared the halls at Orchard Elementary School in South Burlington Friday morning.  A threat from a potentially dangerous individual cleared the halls at Orchard Elementary School in South Burlington Friday morning.  Colchester Police try to ID armed robber Colchester Police try to ID armed robber Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 11:08 AM EDT2017-06-09 15:08:49 GMT Police in Colchester are asking the public for help finding an armed robber.  Police in Colchester are asking the public for help finding an armed robber.  Man files charges against former officer for wrongful arrest Man files charges against former officer for wrongful arrest Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 11:18 AM EDT2017-06-09 15:18:27 GMT A former Vermont police officer who resigned while under investigation for possibly lying in an affidavit is being sued by the man convicted in the case. A former Vermont police officer who resigned while under investigation for possibly lying in an affidavit is being sued by the man convicted in the case. Citizen says he helped police find missing Vt. teen Citizen says he helped police find missing Vt. teen Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 10:42 AM EDT2017-06-09 14:42:32 GMT A man who travels the country looking for missing people says he spotted the car police suspected a missing Vermont teen was in at a Walmart in Connecticut.  A man who travels the country looking for missing people says he spotted the car police suspected a missing Vermont teen was in at a Walmart in Connecticut.  News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions June 9, 2017 83° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Sun and clouds mixed. High 86F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low around 65F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 9, 2017 @ 12:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Companies ask court to toss tribe's prescription-drug suit Jun 9, 2017 Updated 4 hrs ago (…) TULSA, Okla. (AP) — Walmart and other major corporations are asking a federal court to dismiss a lawsuit filed against them by the Cherokee Nation, which argues that the companies have not done enough to stop prescription opioid abuse. The Oklahoma-based tribe filed the lawsuit in April in tribal court. On Thursday, the companies argued in federal court that the case doesn't belong in tribal court and should be dismissed. Along with Walmart, the lawsuit names CVS, Walgreens and major drug distributors in the U.S. The lawsuit blames pharmacies and distributors for "consciously oversupplying the market in and around Cherokee Nation with highly addictive prescription opioids." According to the Tulsa World (http://bit.ly/2t2fhU5 ), more than 350 Cherokee citizens died from opioid abuse between 2003 and 2014. ___ Information from: Tulsa World, http://www.tulsaworld.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Prescription Drug Addiction Drug Addiction Diseases And Conditions Health Drug Abuse Addiction And Substance Abuse Human Welfare Social Issues Social Affairs Corporate Legal Affairs Corporate News Business Corporate Lawsuits Lawsuits Legal Proceedings Law And Order Locations Tulsa Oklahoma United States North America Popular DA: Threats made against teen charged in Kendarrius Martin murder Torrie Ethridge sues the Dothan City School Board Woman charged with stealing $66K from local medical office Teens arrested in connection with Wiregrass Park murder brought back Dothan Coffee County man found dead in vehicle Dothan High student scores perfect 36 on the ACT Northview's Jonathan Rasberry resigning from baseball post Pedestrian identified in fatal accident involving Sheriff's patrol unit Kharon Davis, awaiting trial 10 years, wants case dismissed Judge hears arguments in Kharon Davis dismissal hearing Featured Businesses James Grant Realty 1254 Westgate Pkwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-793-2200 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Currently Open Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Currently Open W. Terry Bullard Attorney at Law 707 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 Currently Open Hometown Lenders 3124 W Main St, Ste 6, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-2661 Currently Open Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 Currently Open Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Currently Open US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Currently Open Mosquito Squad 125 P.R. 1575, Midland City, AL 36350 334-405-7964 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Jackson County Floridan 4403 Constitution Ln, Marianna, FL 32448 850-526-3614 Currently Open Bama RV 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Currently Open Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Currently Open Vehicles Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Currently Open Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Currently Open Coupons Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Currently Open Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Currently Open Latta Music Company 3332 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-793-6011 Currently Open McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 The Bobby Dean Team 2307 Hartford Hwy, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-701-1102 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open Dothan Brace Shop 1240 E Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-792-4330 Currently Open Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Currently Open Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Currently Open Jim Roberts Realty 4207 Lafayette St, Marianna, FL 32446 850-482-4635 Currently Open Hometown Lenders 110 E Broad St, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-794-2661 Currently Open Contests Father's Day Sweepstakes Wiregrass' Wildest Fans Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Fans come to grips with the fact their Warriors won’t sweep NBA Contra Costa County DA is under criminal investigation Kids rejoice as playground in SF’s Presidio opens after Antioch boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Bono-roo: U2 make their first U.S. festival appearance Trump says US is committed to mutual support of NATO allies Many in GOP unshaken by Comey's testimony against Trump As Tillerson calls for calm, Trump calls out Qatar on terror Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Cavs’ barrage of threes means sweep is not to be Own a piece of history: Chronicle store featuring historic Game 4: It was bruising, brawling basketball Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF California’s greenhouse gas emissions fall by less than 1% SiriusXM buys stake in Oakland’s Pandora Media for $480 million Alphabet sells robot business behind spooky machines to SoftBank Verizon deal with Yahoo sets stage for thousands of company A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do The revolution will not be dramatized The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife LSD king Owsley Stanley’s ‘Sonic Journals’ surface after 50 Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Fenix closes quietly on Mission Street The best food trucks in San Francisco, according to Yelp Tacolicious takes delivery-only route with new project: MF San Jose's oldest restaurant, Wing's, is closing Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog ‘Timeless elegance in a luxurious, trendy neighborhood’ Luxury, high-end homes popping up in once Spanish hacienda in Walnut Creek SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Companies-ask-court-to-toss-tribe-s-11207979.php Companies ask court to toss tribe's prescription-drug suit Updated 6:42 am, Friday, June 9, 2017 TULSA, Okla. (AP) — Walmart and other major corporations are asking a federal court to dismiss a lawsuit filed against them by the Cherokee Nation, which argues that the companies have not done enough to stop prescription opioid abuse. The Oklahoma-based tribe filed the lawsuit in April in tribal court. On Thursday, the companies argued in federal court that the case doesn't belong in tribal court and should be dismissed. Along with Walmart, the lawsuit names CVS, Walgreens and major drug distributors in the U.S. The lawsuit blames pharmacies and distributors for "consciously oversupplying the market in and around Cherokee Nation with highly addictive prescription opioids." Latest news videos According to the Tulsa World (http://bit.ly/2t2fhU5 ), more than 350 Cherokee citizens died from opioid abuse between 2003 and 2014. ___ Information from: Tulsa World, http://www.tulsaworld.com Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS - DUBS LEAD SERIES 3-1 Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss Who was the fan that got ejected from Game 4? Game 4 refs roasted on Twitter for controversial calls Warriors, Cavs fans lose their minds with memes after Game 4 Draymond Green's mom rips into NBA refs Saracevic: It was a bruising, brawling basketball game LATEST NEWS Gay man says he's barred from pride parade over Trump vote Contra Costa’s DA is under criminal investigation S. Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation Marvel debuts first 'Black Panther' trailer during NBA Finals PG&E to pay $1.6M to settle suit over Carmel blast Boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting Breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months Interfaith groups to counter S. Bay anti-Sharia rally Wife of man charged in Ghost Ship fire breaks her silence Ghost Ship victims’ families in court for defendant’s hearing Artist creates actual Ghost Ship as tribute in Emeryville Ghost Ship’s ‘Warlord’ goes from survivor to defendant Mystery of Monterey Bay's most toxic algal bloom solved Bird trapped in amber 100 million years ago near perfect Why people regret leaving the Bay Area for the Northwest Morford: Bay Area real estate, where no one can hear you scream Sign of changing Mission: Dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Florida man's insane tattooed mugshots stun the internet Spanish hacienda in Walnut Creek Puppy who flunks out of police training finds regal new position Most Popular 1 Wife of man charged in Ghost Ship fire breaks her silence 2 The grass isn't greener: Why people regret leaving the Bay... 3 South Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation 4 Game 4 refs roasted on Twitter for controversial calls 5 Warriors vs. Cavs: Live commentary from Game 4 of the NBA Finals 6 Florida man's wild tattooed mugshots stun the internet 7 Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss 8 Breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months:... 9 Couple goes all the way in their seats on Ibiza flight,... 10 Antioch boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting LATEST NEWS Gay man says he's barred from pride parade over Trump vote Contra Costa’s DA is under criminal investigation S. Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation Marvel debuts first 'Black Panther' trailer during NBA Finals PG&E to pay $1.6M to settle suit over Carmel blast Boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting Breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months Interfaith groups to counter S. Bay anti-Sharia rally View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Toggle Menu Homepage AboutWho We Are About The Center Contact Us Reynolds Center Staff Bios Awards & FellowshipsOpportunities for You Barlett & Steele Awards Reynolds Week in Business Journalism Videos & PodcastsHow-to Training Training Videos Workshops and Webinars How to Cover Money Podcast Money NewsMoney in the media Reynolds Weekly Online Master’sBusiness Journalism Degree Topics Agriculture Census Reporting Companies Community Business Journalism Economy Energy | Utilities | Mining Financials Green | Sustainability Health care Insurance Investing | Banking Labor and Employment Manufacturing Personal finance Politics Private Companies and Nonprofits Real estate | Econ development Retail | Lifestyle SEC data Small Business Sports and Money Technology Transportation | Airlines | Travel Ebooks Podcasts Careers & Jobs Contact Us Business Stories of the Week: June 9 by Jennifer Backer June 9, 2017 Share this! Seattle-based Nordstrom said on Thursday it is considering taking itself private in an effort to shore up the business amid a struggling retail industry, reported Reuters. (“Nordstrom” by Flickr user Mike Mozart, CC BY 2.0) Companies stick with Paris While President Trump announced he will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, some American companies decided they will pursue clean energy on their own, this weekend’s edition of The Economist will report. American executives at firms including Amazon, Twitter, Target and Nike signed a “We are still in” open letter to the UN. The signatories have promised to reduce U.S. carbon emissions by 26 percent by 2025, keeping with the original Paris pledge. American IT firms, including Amazon and Google, already use clean energy to power their servers. Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s biggest brewer, is also working to increase its reliance on renewables, going  from 7 percent of power production today to 100 percent by 2025. One key reason: The brewer’s younger customers’ focus on environmental issues. NYT reveals infrastructure’s cost The Trump administration unveiled its plan to revive America’s aging infrastructure this week, using $200 billion in federal monies to leverage another $800 billion from the private sector. While the government can benefit from such partnerships, they also carry risks that cost the public dearly. On Tuesday, The New York Times dug into the true cost of public-private partnerships and found the public pays for private infrastructure just as they pay for public infrastructure. Sometimes, revenue is raised through fees like parking meters and toll roads or through government payments to contractors. But all projects are ultimately funded by the public. Public-private deals are lucrative for Wall Street, but are rarely efficient for the taxpayer. Amazon lures low-income shoppers NPR on Wednesday reported on retail giant Amazon.com Inc.’s attempt to steal marketshare from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. by going after low-income customers. Already, more than 70 percent of upper-income households (defined as earning more than $112,000 a year) use Amazon’s Prime membership two-day free shipping service. On Tuesday, Amazon announced it would cut the cost of its Prime membership to $5.99 per month for people who have a valid electronic benefits transfer card used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (formerly known as food stamps). A typical Prime membership is $99 per year. The move most threatens Wal-Mart, where at least one in five customers pays using food stamps. Malls appear anemic These are hard times for America’s malls. Mall anchor tenants like Macy’s, Sears and J.C. Penney are shuttering hundreds of stores to compete with online-only retailers and online shopping in general, reported USA Today on Tuesday. By some estimates, up to 25 percent of the nation’s malls could close by 2022. At the same time, discounted and fast-fashion stores are expected to grow from about 20 percent of apparel industry sales today, to about 30 percent in the next decade. As traditional malls fade and lose tenants, shoppers are more likely to visit top-notch malls with enhanced shopping experiences. While customers are willing to drive further to go to these”A-center” locations, they visit them less frequently, an analyst told USA Today. Nordstrom looks inward Speaking of retailers, on Thursday, Seattle-based Nordstrom Inc. announced that some members of the Nordstrom family were considering taking the company private as it struggles with the market forces re-shaping the retail industry. Reuters reported that going private, which would require taking on debt, could be risky. But there’s a considerable upside if the company can reshape itself and recover from sliding sales. In May, Nordstrom reported same-store sales (a key measure of the health of a retail store) fell short of estimates, triggering a decline in shares. Analysts and consultants were divided on whether the strategy might work. Teaching hospitals score points As the U.S. Senate weighs new health care legislation that would replace the Affordable Care Act, the nation is again examining the rising costs of health care and how to pay for it. The New York Times dug into the differences between teaching and non-teaching hospitals, and the debate about which is better. The New York Times explained on Monday that teaching hospitals, affiliated with medical schools, cost more. They also cost taxpayers more because Medicare pays them extra as compensation for training the next generation of physicians. To drive down costs, insurers have begun establishing networks that steer patients away from teaching hospitals. This may save money, reports The New York Times, but will affect the quality of care. In a new study of over 21 million hospital visits paid for by Medicare in 2012 and 2013, elderly patients seen by a teaching hospital fared better after discharge than if those same patients had been treated at a nonteaching hospital. Get a quick snapshot of the week’s most newsworthy business stories in your mailbox. It’s fast and free. Sign up here.   Related Posts Covering hospitals: 6 key documents to dig into Mainstreaming climate change: The issue of our age Retail Industry Update: 6 Great Reads Business Stories of the Week Business Stories of the Week: June 9 Search Our Site Search for: Subscribe to Our Podcast     Latest News Business Stories of the Week: June 9 Share this!Companies stick with Paris While President Trump announced he will June 9, 2017 Reporter’s Briefing: New Rules on Retirement Savings Share this!“Auto-IRA” plans are now in legal limbo for millions June 8, 2017 Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism Walter Cronkite School of Journalism & Mass Communication Arizona State University 555 N. Central Ave. Suite 306 Phoenix, AZ 85004-1248 602-496-5555 businessjournalism@businessjournalism.org The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication © 2016 Copyright Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Get money story ideas delivered straight to your inbox when you sign up Reynolds Weekly. Subscribe to our mailing list
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews All Reviews Editors' Choice Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Best Picks Best Picks All Categories Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Smart Home Devices Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Delete Facebook How to Download YouTube Videos How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router News News All News Features Opinions Fastest ISPS Fastest Mobile Networks Readers' Choice Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Business Choice Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 E32017 BostonDynamics iMacPro FathersDayGifts Menu Home/ Opinions/ Shopping for a TV? Good Luck Shopping for a TV? Good Luck By John C. Dvorak June 8, 2017 10 Comments There is no way regular people can keep up with constant changes to modern TV tech. Big box stores like Costco, Walmart, and Target sell a variety of large flat panel TV sets, each of which have varying features, specs, and pricing. From connectors to frequencies and choices like 1080p vs. 4K, how does the public make sense of it all? We've jumped from: plasma to LCD to OLED; 720p to 1080i to 1080p; and 3D to 4K, not mention cyling through various HDMI connections and refresh rates. The latest choice for TV buyers is HDR, or high dynamic range, which allows for a wider contrast between pure black and pure white. It's expressed in nits and—in theory—the more nits, the more dynamic range. The labels to look for are Dolby Vision or HDR 10. Both are calibrated to 1,000 nits, though 4K TV sets hover around 500; the newest LG OLED sets claim 1,000 and up. There is an attempt to convince people that HDR on 1080p is the way to go for streaming. The rationale is that HDR is better than 4K from a distance and HDR only adds 20 percent to the bandwidth requirement. This is baffling because nobody makes a 1080p HDR set and probably never will. And HDR itself is hard to come by, especially content-wise. Then there's LCD vs. OLED; the latter offers brighter, sharper picture with more dynamic range in an ultra-thin package, but it'll cost you. Related 3D TV Is Dead: Long Live 4K and HDR? 3D TV Is Dead: Long Live 4K and HDR? Further complicating things is the introduction of version 2 of the HDMI standard. Most older 4K sets have HDMI 1.3 or 1.4 ports. Popular streaming boxes—like the Roku Ultra, for example—output via an HDMI 2 port which, when it hits the TV set, actually drops the feed to 1080p because of some high-definition content protection violation. To work around this, I found a Chinese-made $25 converter box that turns HDMI 2.0 to 1.4. But personally, I do not see how people put up with this. Perhaps they just listen to the salesman and believe whatever he says. Last year, as 1080p displays were being phased out, I heard a floor guy tell a customer, "Get this 1080p display, it is $200 cheaper and you cannot tell the difference because there is no 4K content." I would have jumped in to share my rule—always buy the newest proven technology because there are a lot of improvements, not to mention the fact that the 4K TV upscales everything to make it prettier. Why buy the old set? I didn't, but the customer bought the 4K anyway, which I found enlightening and hopeful. I think he was a PCMag reader. Previous : Can the New iPad Pro Replace My Laptop? Not Quite Why We Should Be Worried About Tiny Robot Spies Next : By John C. Dvorak Columnist, PCMag.com John Dvorak is a columnist for PCMag.com and the host of the weekly TV video podcast CrankyGeeks. His work is licensed around the world. Previously a columnist for Forbes, Forbes Digital, PC World, Barrons, MacUser, PC/Computing, Smart Business and other magazines and newspapers. Former editor and consulting editor for Infoworld. Has appeared in the New York Times, LA Times, Philadelphia Enquirer, SF Examiner, Vancouver Sun. Was on the start-up team for CNet TV as well as ZDTV. At ZDTV (and TechTV) was host of Silicon... More » More Stories by John C. Forget Man vs. Machine: It's Time for Computer vs. Computer Pitting super-smart PCs against humans proves nothing. The really money should go into getting the a... More » Quit Blaming North Korea for Everything Kim Jong-Un doesn't do ransomware, but lazy headlines and even lazier law enforcement want you to th... More » Cookies Are the Original Ransomware If we didn't let browsers track our every digital move, ransomware wouldn't exist. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles Everything You Missed at WWDC What to Expect at E3 2017 The Coolest Features in iOS 11 The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA AI: The Ultimate Job Creator? »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest About Us PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feed More from Ziff Davis: AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Site Map Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad How Diana secretly recorded hours of tapes, pouring out her despair over her imploding marriage: Soul-baring audio reveals her bulimia began when Charles told her she was 'a bit chubby' Teen mother kills her two toddler daughters by 'INTENTIONALLY leaving them in a hot car overnight as temperatures hit 90F and she hung out with her friends' in Texas Congressional investigators ask to see fired FBI Director James Comey's memos that he wrote 'when President Trump asked him for loyalty' Mitt Romney says Hillary Clinton told him to ACCEPT a job as Trump's Secretary of State Tiger Woods told told cops he'd taken Xanax as he was arrested for DUI when cops found him slumped behind the wheel of his Mercedes Sweep no more! LeBron James and the Cavs avoid a humiliating defeat in the NBA Finals in record-breaking game four as the Kardashian clan and a host of stars watch REVEALED: Mary Kay Letourneau stayed in contact with her student lover Vili Fualaau by smuggling messages from prison in BREAST MILK bottles Casey Anthony's parents 'set to lose Florida home in foreclosure after not paying mortgage for six years' 'Kala told us you shot and killed Charlie': The moment South Carolina serial killer was arrested by cops after they found sex slave chained in container at his house Cryotherapy explained: Why Hugh Jackman and other celebrities are exposing themselves to sub-zero temperatures in the name of health Could GRAPES do wonders for your teeth? Seeds from juicy fruit are hailed as a new weapon in the fight against tooth decay 'That's our word and you can't have it back': Ice Cube schools Bill Maher on why the N-word is 'like a weapon' against African-Americans as the TV host apologizes again for 'house n*****' slur on his return to HBO Joe Biden's niece avoids jail again after admitting using a borrowed credit card to steal more than $100,000 How hero school mom tried to save woman and son who were shot dead by her bodybuilder ex - only for one of the Good Samaritan's own children to be wounded in horrific shooting 'Shut up, slave!' White Starbucks customer launches a vile racist rant over a spilled drink and SPITS on a black bystander in coffee shop meltdown caught on video How Diana heard Charles on the phone in his bath to Camilla saying: 'Whatever happens, I will always love you'  'You're not going in that dress, are you?' What Charles told Diana before their first joint public engagement... and how it was a 'horrendous occasion'  No collusion. No obstruction. And I'm 100 per cent willing to speak under oath about what REALLY happened with Comey, says Trump EXCLUSIVE: Lordy! James Comey set for $10 million payday as publishers scramble to sign book deal with fired FBI chief for inside story on Hillary, Trump - and his own brush with death by a serial rapist New York attorney general launches investigation into the Eric Trump Foundation after a report claimed $100,000 was funneled from the charity into the Trump Organization Now Trump says he'll reveal whether he has tapes of his Comey encounters 'in the very near future' - as House Intel leaders write to get the White House to hand any over in two weeks Trump DENIES obstructing justice by quoting OJ Simpson's lawyer who says asking Comey to drop Flynn probe is just a 'political sin' - NOT a crime James Comey's testimony was watched by 20million people EXCLUSIVE: 'She is a patriot NOT a traitor' - Reality Winner's sister says public have right to know the Russian hacking secrets revealed by NSA contractor who government say 'wanted to burn White House down' Previous Next Man, 18, tried to suffocate his pregnant girlfriend after they got into a row about baby names in Walmart Raul Lopez and girlfriend reportedly began arguing at Wal-Mart on Wednesday Couple was locked in a dispute about what their unborn child should be named They continued to fight all the way to his home on Maine Avenue in Fort Myers  She locked herself in bathroom but he dragged her out, tried to suffocated her By Jay Akbar For Mailonline Published: 06:38 EDT, 9 June 2017 | Updated: 12:54 EDT, 9 June 2017 e-mail 17 shares 1 View comments Raul Lopez, 18, is accused of suffocating his pregnant girlfriend A man is accused of suffocating his pregnant girlfriend in a Walmart over a dispute about the unborn baby's name. Raul Lopez, 18, and his girlfriend reportedly began arguing at Wal-Mart on Wednesday about what they should name their child. Lopez wanted the boy to be named after him but his girlfriend disagreed, it has been reported.  They continued to fight all the way to his home on Maine Avenue in Fort Myers, where his girlfriend locked herself in a room, NBC 2 reported. Lopez is reported to have removed the door knob to get inside the bathroom and began to suffocate her.  Deputies say Lopez covered her airways with his hands before grabbing her by the hair and throwing her onto the bed. His girlfriend finally called 911 when his mother, who overheard the fight, dragged him off her. Lopez faces a charge of aggravated battery on a pregnant woman and a charge of domestic battery by strangulation.  Deputies say there were no signs of injury to her or the baby.  Video courtesy of WBBH  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next ¿Cash me outside¿ teenager¿s speaking tour is postponed - as... Mormon mother takes seven-year-old son to Walmart bathroom... Amazon offers Prime discount to those on government benefits... Share this article Share Raul Lopez, 18, and his girlfriend reportedly began arguing at Wal-Mart on Wednesday about what they should name their child (file photo)   Read more: Man jailed for attacking pregnant girlfriend over baby's name - NBC-2.com WBBH News for Fort Myers, Cape Coral & Naples, Florida Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos Bear with me: Grizzly bear is pulled by strong waterfall stream Fearless woman in North Carolina catches snake in her home Right to remain violent: Deputy brutally punches teen during arrest Man thrusts his genitals behind woman on a train in China Elephant successfully fights off group of rhinos to enjoy a snack Adorable Australian shepherd who loves watching Planet Earth What technique! Tiny toddler washes dishes balanced on his belly Shocking moment police officer aims gun at man for filming Shocking cell phone video shows deputy repeatedly punching suspect Mystery creature thought to be an ape roaming LA area hills Dramatic moment rafter is pulled from white water Shocking moment good Samaritan lunges at armed store robber North Carolina man is charged with murder after 'beating... Estranged wife of famous pianist is ruled fit to stand... 'What damage shaking a baby would do and how to get away... Countertop dishwasher: Toddler shows off his body... Sweet moment woman helps blind Chicago Cubs fan hail a... Schoolgirl is hit in the head by a NINJA STAR after a... Adrenaline junkies hang from icy ledges on 784-foot tall... US taekwondo royalty caught up in sex abuse scandal:... NY judge STILL collecting her $174,000 salary despite not... 'I'm gonna catch this big son of a b***h!': Brave North... What roo looking at? Newly retired kangaroo demonstrates... Food fight! Dramatic moment elephant lobs a branch and... Indiana mother sues school after her son, eight, was... Pregnant woman, 24, fighting for her life after she was... Virginia mosque leader quits after imam said he SUPPORTS... Father being investigated in death of daughter, six,... 'God has called me here for a reason': Heartbroken mother... Party boy 'adopted son​'​ of famed jeweler, charged with... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today His cheerleader! Khloe Kardashian rocks Cavaliers jersey as she roots on boyfriend Tristan Thompson at basketball game with family 'I feel ashamed that I would have those thoughts': Katy Perry opens up on past suicidal inklings and other personal demons on livestream Kate Beckinsale reunites with ex Michael Sheen to attend daughter Lily's high school graduation in LA The parents beamed with pride Tracksuit clad Sofia Richie walks arm-in-arm with 'homie' Scott Disick... after FaceTiming with the self-proclaimed 'sex addict' one day earlier Keeping it casual! Jennie Garth sports funky khaki green overalls and comfortable trainers as she does spot of shopping Here comes the bride! Jessica Chastain's Interstellar co-star Anne Hathaway attends her Italian wedding Chastain looked radiant in a red mini-dress Summery style! Kaia Gerber dons white bikini top and frayed Daisy Dukes for outing with pals in Malibu Daughter of Cindy Crawford Amber Rose causes outrage with completely BOTTOMLESS photo displaying her unshaven crotch before picture is yanked from social media 'No more hiding!' Selena Gomez reveals that she no longer wants to keep her love for The Weeknd under wraps First linked to the Starboy singer, 27, in January A leg up! Laverne Cox channels a Grecian goddess in sheer dress with a VERY high slit for Orange Is The New Black season five premiere  Hey mama-to-be! Heavily pregnant Laura Prepon cradles bump in flirty polka dot mini dress as she attends Orange Is The New Black premiere Fabulous in fuchsia! Danielle Brooks puts on a VERY busty display at star-studded OITNB season premiere Donned a head-turning fuchsia number Puppy love! Hilary Duff sports slashed jeans as she walks precious pooch in New York City The fashionista went with a comfy look on her day in the Big Apple PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New couple Amber Heard and Elon Musk cosy up to one another during lunch date in LA Things are still going strong Good as gold! Tinashe dazzles in metallic track pants and cleavage-baring crop top as she performs at iHeartSummer Eye-catching outfit Khloe says she 'never heard' of designer who accused her of copying... but fashionista finds receipts in effort to prove KUWTK star bought clothes from her Flashing the flesh! Kylie Jenner drops jaws as she shows off toned tummy in crop top...and new short hair 'do Sported a short bob and a skimpy white tank top Nicole Murphy grocery shops in chambray dress... and reveals what she looks for in a man Ex-wife of Eddie Murphy defied her 49 years Tiger Woods told responding officer at his DUI arrest he'd taken Xanax after police found him asleep behind the wheel  Anti-anxiety medication Surf's up! Hilaria Baldwin shows off envy-inducing body in bikini as she hits the beach with Alec and the kids Family photo Making a splash! RHOC star Tamra Judge, 49, flashes figure in two different bikinis during pool day with granddaughter Ava Bodybuilding champ Ariel Winter's sister slams their estranged mom for criticizing the 18-year-old's clothing... before revealing the actress has 'no interest' in her birth mother Hugh Jackman posts emotional tribute video to family friend Lucy Jarvis, 17, who remains in a coma after Manchester bombing at Ariana Grande's concert Best mom in town! Angelina Jolie turns $25m LA mansion into a summer fun house for her six kids as she adds 100ft slide to her swimming pool Neon dream! Hailey Baldwin struts her stuff in bright yellow bikini and unbuttoned shorts while relaxing by the pool in Miami Washboard abs EXCLUSIVE: It was more than a bromance: The intimate relationship between JFK and gay school friend Lem Billings which lasted through to White House 'I was on drugs and trying to be hilarious': Amanda Bynes explains x-rated Drake tweet as she reveals plan for comeback after arrests and psychiatric hold My how you've changed! Dannii Minogue, 45, looks unrecognizable in throwback picture of her as an unknown 10-year-old school girl Bromance alert! Chris Hemsworth and Thor: Ragarnok director Taika Waititi don matching T-shirts handmade by adoring fan Chris thanked the fan Leggy lady! Olivia Munn showcases her svelte physique in slashed Daisy Dukes as she steps out in New York She looked completely carefree Natalie Portman celebrates 36th birthday as she hikes with parents and daughter Amalia... before dressing up in blue frock for lunch 'Hips rounder, thighs thicker': Padma Lakshmi poses in a bikini as she comments on weight gain during filming of Top Chef Flaunts stunning body 'He looks over it': Kourtney Kardashian shares unseen family photo of Kanye West to wish him happy birthday (but rapper looks miserable)  Kissing on the lips! Kylie Jenner plants smooch on blonde bombshell friend Anastasia as she models risque leather-and-chain bustier Adriana Lima dazzles in a gold gown as she goes hand-in-hand with pregnant Ana Beatriz Barros on the catwalk at Dosso Dossi show in Turkey 'I got really upset': Jerry Seinfeld says he never loses his temper with his kids - apart from the one time he caught his daughter watching KUWTK Inside the luxury hotel suite where Prince Harry dried off from his Sydney drenching, with incredible views of the harbour and Opera House True blue! Hollywood star Ben Mendelsohn tucks into a meat pie and sauce as he returns home for Sydney Film Festival Australian actor 'Time for a zoo visit!' John Legend and Chrissy Teigen take little Luna on her first trip to see the animals as the crooner enjoys a day off from his tour Victim of Dani Mathers' fat-shaming breaks her silence to say she was 'humiliated' and denies ex-Playboy model's claims she has tried to reach out and apologize 'Had to go back to the memory bank': Actor Sam Claflin hints to losing virginity at 14 as he discusses preparing for role as a virgin in My Cousin Rachel Party of one! Flawless Neve Campbell showcases her toned arms in colorblock outfit at Women of Influence event Paired navy with orange Superhero smooch! Luke Cage stars Mike Colter and Rosario Dawson film passionate kiss scene in NYC Things were certainly hotting up on set Grunge goddess! Gigi Hadid proves she looks amazing in anything while flaunting her flat abs in bleach stained sweatsuit Never fails to stun Make-up free Drew Barrymore is casual chic as she pushes cart full of flowers after sweet trip to the Museum of Ice Cream Stopped at Whole Foods Fashion brand accuses Kylie Jenner of COPYING its camo clothes with near-identical designs - and shares emails from star's team who placed an order a month ago Natural beauty! Makeup free Margot Robbie flaunts her enviable figure in tight activewear leggings as she steps out for workout in Los Angeles Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry will have one-time rumored girlfriend in the delivery room when she gives birth instead of baby daddy Birth 'won't be filmed' Bikini pinup! Blac Chyna displays colorful tattoos and bountiful bosom in swimsuit... seven months after welcoming Rob Kardashian's baby  'My pain is for me to deal with': Chloe Lattanzi reveals private struggle as her mother Olivia Newton-John faces new cancer battle She's asked for privacy How Wonder Woman socked it to Hollywood's sexists: Theaters are filled with girl-only audiences amid record takings Released last week Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves looks dapper for the London Fashion Week Men's... after fat-freezing liposuction to 'get skinny for summer' 'I'm dating a new dude': Amy Schumer reveals she has moved on from ex Ben Hanisch as she hits Hilarity For Charity event in NYC Only split last month 'Beloved friend, actress, and comic genius': Steve Martin leads tributes to Dirty Rotten Scoundrels co-star Glenne Headly who died aged 62 Sweat it out! Nicole Richie hits the gym for a fitness session with Gwyneth Paltrow's favorite trainer  Kept her outfit simple for a trip to the gym in LA Feels like home: Iggy Azalea shares throwback snaps of her humble family abode in Australia The star shared three snaps of her home She can't stop laughing! Zoe Kravitz cracks up while talking about new comedy Rough Night as she stuns in black mini dress Rude-y: Keshia Knight Pulliam is ordered back to court after violating custody order by taking her daughter to TV dad Bill Cosby's trial  Her ex Ed is fuming Roman Polanski's sex assault victim pleads to have 40-year-old case closed so she can move on with her life in her first court appearance on filmmaker's behalf Bright idea! Gwyneth Paltrow wears orange top to plug Goop pop-up store in LA offering $195 sweatshirts and $110 face oil Flogging her wares  A star in stripes! Ashley Greene wears nautical top and tiny denim shorts on outing in LA   She recently said yes to her beau's proposal  Perky Bella Hadid suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she goes braless in a sheer black top paired with white mini skirt and heels for meetings in Paris 'I needed a second to breathe!': Selena Gomez reveals working in Hollywood since age 11 wore her down but now she's 'healthy, happy' Revealing interview Diana recorded tapes pouring out her despair over imploding marriage to Charles: Audio reveals her bulimia began when he told her she was 'a bit chubby'  How Diana heard Charles on the phone in his bath to Camilla saying: 'Whatever happens, I will always love you'  They had a 'filthy row' 'You're not going in that dress, are you?' What Charles told Diana before their first joint public engagement... and how it was a 'horrendous occasion'  'How insane are you to call that young woman fat?': TV icon Valerie Bertinelli slams internet trolls for criticizing size 2 Selena Gomez Had own weight issues  Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shares VERY sultry photos of herself posing in an off-the-shoulder top while antique shopping with her mother Bleeding Love singer Leona Lewis looks every inch the disco diva in a dazzling ivory gown and funky corkscrew curls as she storms charity ball in London Cryotherapy explained: Why Hugh Jackman and other celebrities are exposing themselves to sub-zero temperatures in the name of health Latest health trend Love match! Lindsey Vonn almost suffers a wardrobe malfunction in daring split skirt as she packs on the PDA with beau Kenan Smith at the French Open Effortlessly stylish! Katie Holmes looks relaxed in sheer t-shirt and jeans for dinner date at Nobu The 38-year-old actress went casual chic Blonde at the beach! Makeup-free Julia Roberts, 49, appears youthful as she gets hit by a sea breeze while heading to lunch in Malibu EXCLUSIVE: Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak breaks his silence about his ugly,  bitter and sometimes turbulent relationship with Full House star Urban gypsy! Heidi Klum covers up her supermodel curves by layering a jacket on top of a dress and jeans as she strolls in summery New York City  Married at First Sight star admits she doesn't trust her husband with other women, as his disapproving mother continues to cause a rift between the couple Rock chick Noomi Rapace debuts peroxide pixie crop... as she goes for punk vibes at Men's London Fashion Week Girl With The Dragon Tattoo star looked edgy  'They hurt and torment me': Brandi Glanville says rival LeAnn Rimes is 'OBSESSED' with her... amid claims ex Eddie Cibrian is using their kids as 'pawns' Style Swoon: From the Kardashian- approved swimwear to the backpack brand Ruby Rose carries, FEMAIL reveals the fashions were loving this week 'I want it to be Emily's show!': Julie Andrews, 81, explains why she won't appear in Mary Poppins Returns opposite Blunt as the magical nanny One of the kids! Gwen Stefani, 47, looks youthful in pink tank top and funky hairstyle as she takes her three children shopping in Beverly Hills Michael Jackson's frail mother Katherine, 87, makes rare outing in wheelchair after accusing nephew Trent Jackson of elder abuse With daughter Rebbie  'I loved him but he had a misplaced sense of priorities': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans blames absent dad for troubled personal life in new tell-all From Bob Dylan's Victoria's Secret ad and David Beckham's fish fingers to Kathy Griffin's squatty potty: Unusual celebrity endorsements you probably forgot  Let's paint the town red! Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's girl Delilah Belle celebrates high school graduation on night out with sister Amelia Geri Horner pays tribute to late pal George Michael in Choose Life T-shirt as she spends quality time with baby son Monty... and hints at 'special announcement' The Black Panther is here! First poster for the Marvel film has Chadwick Boseman on metallic throne as studio reveals plot Marvel released teaser  EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves has night out with wild tattooed reality star after having fat-freezing liposuction in his bid to 'get skinny' for summer 'Stunningly beautiful babies': Amal Clooney's proud mother Baria Alamuddin gushes over becoming a grandmother to newborn twins Ella and Alexander Tum-thing to say? Defiant Halle Berry, 50, flaunts her flat stomach in a tight sheer top after hitting out at pregnancy speculation Set tongues wagging Matt Dillon's girlfriend Roberta Mastromichele sports HUGE sparkler on engagement finger... as they enjoy romantic break in Rome Together since 2004 Leggy Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her fabulous figure in a thigh-skimming orange lace dress as she enjoys day out in London Bill Cosby's defense team tries to out Andrea Constand as a lesbian and reveal she once dated a 'wealthy male' in bid to bolster their case High drama in court Bill Cosby admitted he STOCKPILED Quaaludes with the sole intention of giving them to 'young women he intended to have sexual contact with'  Justin Bieber's protégé singer and actress Madison Beer flashes her assets in strappy black dress as she heads to birthday bash in West Hollywood 'Thank you for your love beautiful boy': Tom Hardy pens emotional tribute as his beloved dog Woody dies aged six after a battling a muscle disorder 'Petty and immature' Taylor Swift SLAMMED for re-releasing music on streaming services same time enemy Katy Perry drops new album ... as feud escalates  Red hot! Shop FEMAIL's roundup of 24 ruby colored sunglasses to shade yourself in style this summer like Katy Perry and Gigi and Bella Hadid Ex Yankees, Pirates and Marlins pitcher Chris Leroux, 33, is named as next Bachelor in Canada and admits he 'doesn't have a hard time meeting women' Heads up, Scott! First trailer for Bella Thorne's movie You Get Me, where she plays a deranged jilted ex-lover, is released after Disick fling goes sour Makeup-free Kendall Jenner, 21, cuts a casual figure on a low-key night out... as she puts her first property on the market for a cool $1.6million Would you get a CUPPING facial? As the Kardashians' skincare pro claims the sisters rely on them, FEMAIL tries the complexion-perfecting treatment Taking sexy to the Max(well)! Stella bares ALL on the Moschino runway in sheer gown before hanging out with devoted girlfriend Kristen Stewart  He's only got eyes for you! Smitten Robin Thicke, 40, gazes adoringly at April Love Geary, 22, as they hold hands in LA terminal Dating for two years  She has a new Friend! Lisa Kudrow laughs it up with Meryl Streep as they honor Diane Keaton at the AFI Awards in Hollywood Star-studded event Buoy, does she look good! Emily Blunt dons a skimpy hot pink bikini as she leans in for a kiss with husband John Krasinski on a boat in Italy Chip off the old block! Cindy Crawford's model children Kaia and Presley Gerber join fashion's elite at Moschino runway show in Los Angeles Happily married! Miranda Kerr shows off her stunning wedding ring for the first time as she returns to the runway after tying Knot with Evan Spiegel The couple that carpools together...! Ivanka Trump sports a safari-inspired sleeveless dress as she heads to work alongside husband Jared Kushner 'He's gonna need some sleeping pills!': Tilda Swinton has some words of advice for pal George Clooney now that he has twins with Amal She's on fire! Hailey Baldwin flashes major cleavage in flame design bodysuit as she and Jasmine Tookes sizzle while walking the Moschino runway show Wild side! Selena Gomez suffers wardrobe malfunction in edgy flank-baring white top while promoting her new song Displayed sideboob Showing Carmelo what he's missing! La La Anthony vamps it up in fishnet frock as she storms the red carpet at Power premiere in DC She's got the power Leggy Fergie flaunts her sensational frame in a thigh-skimming mini dress to attend Moschino's star-studded runway show in LA 'I regret most of them!' David Beckham is ridiculed by James Corden for some of his fashions fails as he recreates wedding day look with Emily Blunt Carefree Joanna Krupa nails casual chic as she goes braless in a tank top and sweatpants to run errands in Studio City Casual but chic  Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples AGAIN in a semi-sheer top and skirt as she arrives in Los Angeles Donned a daring outfit Front-and-center fashionista! Kate Beckinsale beams at Moschino runway show as she sits alongside Sarah Hyland, Vanessa Hudgens, and Fergie 'Twice the blessing, twice the fun': The Bachelor's legendary bad girl Vienna Girardi reveals she's expecting twins She took to Instagram  Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in head-to-toe white as she rocks sports-chic arriving in Paris on flight from NYC Jet-setting model  Mamma mia! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shares revealing nude selfie at 22 weeks along The actress wife of American Pie star Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on united front for 8-year-old Seraphina's school graduation It's exactly two years since they broke up Kovered up! Make-up free Kylie Jenner takes a break from her racy costumes as she wears baggy sweats for a smoothie run in LA Grabbed healthy drinks Pippa Middleton and new husband James pack their bags as they arrive back in Perth, Australia,  on latest leg of their never-ending honeymoon In bed with Sahara! Justin Bieber's rumored fling Ray poses TOPLESS as she reveals her G-string clad posterior in raunchy Instagram snap All grown up! Cindy Crawford's son 17-year-old Presley Gerber graduates Malibu high school and celebrates with a big hug from sister Kaia Sin City P-D-A: Kendra Wilkinson and Hank Baskett make out on the red carpet for her racy live Las Vegas Sex Tips show Pair puckered up Model Elsa Hosk sizzles in leopard-print bra as she joins lingerie-clad Victoria's Secret beauties for Justin Bieber's newly released racy 2U video Age-defying Andie MacDowell, 59, oozes glamour as she steps out in a plunging floor-length gown for AFI's Lifetime Achievement Gala Suits you! Brad Pitt cuts a dapper figure in gray blazer and pants for NYC premiere of Netflix film Okja Sported a goatee for the fancy Gotham premiere 'I do deserve it': Bethenny Frankel mulls $16.5 million townhouse as she looks set to splash out on Million Dollar Listing New York Big investment  Youthful Meg Ryan, 55, stuns in flirty pastel dress and metallic heels at AFI tribute to Diane Keaton at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood She looked great Katy Perry dances in her kitchen and parties with pals as she takes fans on a house tour during live stream of her life... lasting three days ahead of album launch Dynasty living! Joan Collins lists 'Hollywood glamour' condo for a cool $4.5million The 84-year-old actress has owned apartment for 10 years International love! Britney Spears matches hunky beau Sam Asghari in pink as they enjoy break from world tour in Japan She's 35, he's 23 Hard to stomach! Bella Thorne takes shot at making Scott Disick jealous by flaunting her taut abs  in sexy black crop top as she steps out in Hollywood No one is looking at the jewelry! Topless Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her chest while modeling new bling from Jacquie Aiche Victoria's Secret model Just the girls! Demi Moore stands out in bright red frock as she spends quality time with daughter Tallulah Willis at book launch Double trouble  Awkward! Nicola Peltz keeps her eyes wide open as boyfriend Anwar Hadid passionately kisses her during shopping trip Got her eye on him  New mom Irina Shayk shows off her flawless complexion as she goes make-up free for a day out in NYC The 31-year-old looked fit and slender  'She's back to saying water rather than warterrr!' Emily Blunt says daughter Hazel, 3, got British accent back while living in London for Mary Poppins filming  Elegant Lily James dazzles in a metallic fringed dress as she joins casual Liz Hurley for a glamorous dinner date  Gorgeous in gray  Oscar dreams, impromptu singing, Walt Disney rumors and 'I'm a bogan' claims: Inside the first three weeks of Rebel Wilson's bizarre and defamation trial Sarah Hyland teases a glimpse of eye-popping cleavage in stunning zip front floral dress as she attends Moschino runway show Fabulous in florals Lily Collins dazzles at star-studded Okja premiere... as she confirms frail father Phil Collins, 66, is 'doing good' in hospital after dramatic fall So in love! Ariel Winter dons shimmery thigh-skimming dress as she kisses beau Levi Meaden at LA Dodgers gala She's 19, he's 29 Lionel won't like this! Sofia Richie Facetimes with 'sex addict' Scott Disick as she touches down in LA...after revealing her father tracks her phone Hats off to her! Bella Hadid steps out in edgy all-white outfit while rocking personalized red beanie She stepped out in New York City  'I want to do more than give up': DEAF singer who lost her hearing at 18 after a disease attacked her nerves stuns the America's Got Talent judges  A VERY special guest! Steve Irwin's son Robert, 13, helps Jimmy Fallon bottle-feed cute kangaroo joey on The Tonight Show Crocodile hunter dad He's getting big! Heidi Montag shares 3D sonogram of her 'angel' son as she gets closer to her due date She's expecting a baby boy later this summer  RHONY star Jules Wainstein's estranged husband facing jail time after failing to pay child support and expenses Michael ordered to appear in court  'I have to relive it all the time': Tearful Erin Andrews tells Megyn Kelly she can't forgive convicted stalker who videotaped her through hotel peephole  Soccer mom! Charlize Theron carries a checkered ball while arriving to Jimmy Kimmel She did her best to fit the role on Thursday  'I'm not telling you!' Coy Nicole Kidman giggles like a schoolgirl when asked what husband Keith Urban whispered in her ear on Cannes red carpet 'They're going to be doctors and lawyers': Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi won't rule out Jersey Shore reboot... but says her kids won't be on TV Popular MTV show  Elsa Pataky gives sneak peek into home she shares with Chris Hemsworth as she shows how she packs a suitcase... and it's not as organized as you'd think! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in LBD as she honors Diane Keaton at lifetime achievement ceremony The 41-year-old looked gorgeous  'She's a blessing!' Heavily pregnant Laura Prepon reveals she and fiance Ben Foster are expecting a baby girl on Live With Kelly And Ryan Gender reveal Love-all! Lindsey Vonn and her beau Kenan Smith cuddle up at the French Tennis Open in Paris  The 32-year-old Olympic gold medal skier Scantily-clad Little Mix ooze sass and sex appeal as they enlist the help of Stormzy and a bevy of RuPaul's Drag Race stars for new music video Power 'They cut out everything': Alyson Hannigan reveals she was disappointed with the finale of How I Met Your Mother Original script changed Queen of the crop! Hailey Baldwin flashes steely abs and incredibly trim waist in cropped Supreme hoodie She's famous for her fit figure 'I will never sleep again': Movie villain Ben Mendelsohn performs rendition of The Lion King to radio host... and makes it sound absolutely terrifying Play it (all) again, Diane! Keaton's AFI Lifetime Achievement gala draws A-listers in support of iconic actress' body of work The 71-year-old actress  Hollywood: The Next Generation! Emma Stone channels Star Trek android Data in black and gold gown at Diane Keaton gala Golden girl  The Godfather tops new list of all-time greatest movies: Gangster epic beats The Empire Strikes Back in poll for film magazine A poll of 20,000 readers      DON'T MISS 'You consistently lie... toxic!': Ariel Winter slams estranged mother Chrystal Workman who told her to 'grow up, dress properly' Actress took to Twitter  Leggy Sistine Stallone shows off her slender frame in bardot top and mini-skirt as she poses alongside sister Sophia at book launch Two of a kind  Richard's Norman conquest: Gere is perfectly cast in the title role of this compelling gem of a film, writes BRIAN VINER  Review Slam dunk! Kim Kardashian's ex-husband basketball star Kris Humphries sells Beverly Hills bachelor pad for $8.25M Married for just 72 days Cheesy comedy! Anna Faris delivers pizzas on set of Overboard as her glamorous costar Eva Longoria shields herself from the rain in Vancouver 'We're just here for funsies!': Mike Myers is unrecognizable in first trailer for revived The Gong Show 'His latest comic creation is British funnyman Golden girl! Mandy Moore sparkles in glittering embroidered frock as she attends Television Academy Honors alongside This Is Us co-stars 'He's a stuntman in training': Owen Wilson shares video of Jackie Chan fan son Ford leaping head first into pool   Just like dad Boho babe Nikki Reed shows off growing baby bump in style while enjoying lunch with husband Ian Somerhalder Donned shades Red hot! Minka Kelly looks ready for summer in bright patterned sundress while out for coffee in LA without rumored beau Jesse Williams It's Shoe Grant! British actor Hugh participates in an Australian drinking tradition as he downs alcohol from his footwear during a wild night out Harry the Prince of hugs: SARAH VINE on how his embraces in moments of joy or sorrow are the most natural thing in the world  Hot heiress! Paris Hilton dons leather pants and matching choker as she jets from LAX with beau Chris Zylka Loved up display Hand in hand! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell put on loving display as they take a casual stroll in LA The actress and the Victoria's Secret Angel  Forget Idris Elba! David Beckham stakes claim to be the new 007 opposite Bond girl James Corden on Late Late Show Shaken and stirred  Is she a big fan? Romee Strijd channels Britney Spears as she rocks crop top and hat during cosy outing with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen 'Our first pic ever!' Bristol Palin shares throwback image with now-husband Dakota Meyer back in 2015 when they were just 'babies' No need for Privacy? Chris Brown covers huge wall on LA house with colorful graffiti artwork The bad boy's home is in Tarzana  One Direction... up! Harry Styles climbs to the top of London's Westminster City Hall for impromptu gig for James Corden's Late Late Show Rachel McAdams channels old Hollywood glamour in a plunging floral gown at star studded gala in honor of Diane Keaton Gorgeous in green  Thanks Annie Hall! Woody Allen pays homage to muse Diane Keaton as he presents actress with AFI's Lifetime Achievement Award in Hollywood Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops Once a Playmate, ALWAYS a Playmate! Playboy calls on seven models in their 40s, 50s, and 60s to strip down and recreate their VERY sexy covers Rebel Wilson's 'raw and candid' testimony during defamation trial is evidence that the Hollywood star is 'obviously not a serial liar' says lawyer 'I fake-tried to get pregnant': Khloe Kardashian reveals she pretended to do fertility treatments during troubled marriage with Lamar Odom  The look that says she's single! Olivia Munn wears leather mini-skirt with sexy split in New York City... two months after Aaron Rodgers breakup Explained: Why Khloe Kardashian may have hard time getting pregnant after fertility doctor reveals shocking news Has low follicle count Who's bovvered? Ashley Graham pours curves into wet-look black pants and patterned jacket with platform boots at Moschino show in LA Devoted! Kristen Stewart supports Stella Maxwell backstage as she struts her stuff at Moschino Resort Collection show in LA Dating since December Aztec camera! Vanessa Hudgens causes explosion of flashbulbs on the red carpet in native American print dress at Moschino show  Rebel Wilson defamation case twist: Hollywood actress now being SUED by a journalist she 'blasted on Twitter as total scum and a disgrace' Isla Fisher pampers herself at LA hair salon... ahead of her appearance on ABC's The Gong Show The 41-year-old SAG Award nominee Name that tomb! The Mummy co-stars Tom Cruise and Annabelle Wallis dance up a storm on Spanish TV show... after critics PAN their film The girl who stole Captain America's heart: Actor Chris Evans on the bond with ten-year-old actress who plays his niece in new movie Gifted Stunning in scarlet! Princess Mary goes VERY glam in bright red stilettos and a Dolce & Gabbana dress after a whirlwind week of conference talks That's a Lottie drink! Bikini-clad mini-Moss sips from a HUGE pitcher of drink and smokes by the pool as she spends a very boozy day with UK reality stars Downgrading again?Jon Bon Jovi lists West Village duplex for $17million - just two years after he sold his previous NYC apartment for $34million What a drag! Sofia Richie, 18, keeps it casual cool in pink checked coat while puffing cigarette on New York stroll The 18-year-old model  High five! Jennifer Lopez cheers on beau A-Rod's daughter Tashi, 12, as she sings for the pop star in sweet Instagram video Bonding 'I was very badly behaved!' Rachel Weisz reveals she was EXPELLED from school after doing 'multiple bad things' during glam TV appearance Cat Deeley looks effortlessly chic in a silk polka dot blouse and skinny jeans as she steps out in style in New York City In the Big Apple Coming out swinging! Jay Z's streaming service Tidal to offer boxing movie starring TWO Oscar winners The 42-year-old rap mogul Vanessa Hudgens flashes Britney Spears-style diamond belly piercing with help of Adidas crop top as she carries two coffee drinks Katy Perry accuses former friend Taylor Swift of 'character assassination' after writing hit single Bad Blood about their bitter feud What a trailblazer! David Beckham looks incredibly dapper in a pinstripe navy suit as he makes a slick exit from The Late Late Show with James Corden Easy does it! Salma Hayek gets help from a gentleman as she tries to navigate a NYC sidewalk in her towering $1,690 Gucci platform heels Stopping to smell the roses! Alec and Hilaria Baldwin enjoy morning stroll together Actor's yoga pro wife flaunted her amazing legs in shorts and heels 'You're a vile disgrace to women and all mankind': Courtney Love attacks Palestinian women's rights activist in Twitter tirade calling her 'anti-American' Ever wonder how Victoria Beckham always looks so POSH? FEMAIL reveals the designer's chic fashion formula and how to get her fuss-free look Mary J Blige ordered to pay ex Martin Isaacs $30k per month in spousal support... $100k less than he wanted Singer filed for divorce from Isaacs last year Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals her healthier figure a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss 'We laughed about it!' Jerry Seinfeld says Kesha was nice after THAT awkward interaction... but he still didn't hug her He is 63 Leo, look at what you're missing! Nina Agdal looks stunning as she poses in a wedding dress for ad campaign, weeks after splitting from Leonardo DiCaprio EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Alba's Honest Company agrees to pay $1.55 million class action settlement after claims of 'dishonest' advertising  On the town! Sober Brad Pitt is seen leaving LA concert with energy drink in hand after admitting he 'was boozing too much' Night out for star Jessica Alba and husband Cash Warren celebrate daughter Honor's birthday...as Honest Company agrees to pay $1.5M in lawsuit These summer beauty tips are heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Sara Sampaio reveals how to look flawless from sunrise to sunset at the beach : Size 22 model Tess Holliday shares throwback images from when her partner Nick proposed in a photo booth in honor of his birthday She's irresistible! Joanna Krupa dazzles in tiny low-cut LBD at dinner in Los Angeles... and her new beau Nico Santucci can't keep his lips off her Camera ready! Kate Upton is fresh-faced as she heads to photo shoot in striped pants and tank top Model looked flawless in Los Angeles  Diamonds are forever! Lily James exudes Old Hollywood glamour in a figure-hugging Bardot gown as she poses elegantly at jewelry opening 'It was daunting': Cindy Crawford says turning 50 'was really hard' as she shows off model physique in white swimsuit for DuJour Iconic supermodel EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her estranged NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid their $120 million divorce Revealed: Taylor Swift and Beyonce BOTH burst into tears backstage after Kanye West's infamous MTV VMA stage invasion Ex MTV chief reveals all Michael Caine's $8.7million luxury apartment in Miami goes up for sale equipped with four bedrooms, media room and stunning beach views  Pretty in pink! Camila Cabello shows off flirty side in bright fuchsia crop top while promoting new single in NYC Ex Fifth Harmony singer  'I don't know who's in control': Naomi Watts shares girl-on-girl kiss as she lives double life in steamy trailer for new series Gypsy She plays a therapist  Naked shoulders! Lea Michele flashes one of her 14 tattoos as she displays cleavage in clever black top at TV event in Canada Former Glee star Why so shy? Kendall Jenner's pool pal who is likely beau A$AP Rocky covers his head as the couple go for a dip at stunning mansion in Los Angeles 'Never trust a big butt': Blac Chyna leaves curious message along with sultry snaps after Mehgan James is linked to Rob Kardashian Displayed sideboob Beaming Liam Payne meets fans in London... after confessing he's getting a full seven hours of sleep a night since welcoming baby Bear with Cheryl Michelle Williams is '70s chic in a sleeveless two-piece and brunette locks as she continues to shoot kidnap drama with Mark Wahlberg in Rome Cover girl takes the plunge! Shay Mitchell models low-cut tank top at Florida party celebrating her issue of Ocean Drive Pretty Little Liars' star 'She is facing greatest challenge of her life': Kris Jenner calls on followers to pray for cancer-stricken cousin Cici Bussey ahead of stem cell transplant Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her belly bump in a teal two-piece as she posts throwback snap from her Thailand baby-moon  Went on Instagram  Blondes unite! Kristen Stewart, Chelsea Handler and January Jones make a glamorous stand against gun violence at gala MLB opens domestic violence probe into Chicago Cubs shortstop Addison Russell after wife's pal wrote that the player hit his spouse after claims he cheated 'I love you so much': Kim Kardashian wishes husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday as Kris Jenner calls him a 'beautiful soul' Big day for rapper 'I don't have a boyfriend': Katy Perry says her puppy has become her closest 'companion' as she is interviewed by a seven-year-old in sweet video 'It's hard being an actress over 25': Reese Witherspoon admits she feels 'liberated' in her forties as she continues to fight for female importance in Hollywood 'Wearing the same Gucci suit I wore to his Christening': Elle Macpherson looks proud at her 14-year-old son Aurelius's middle school graduation Cosby admitted he gave Constand pills on the night of the alleged sexual assault and they 'petted and fondled' - though he insists they never had intercourse  The baby is here! Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte says he 'can't stop crying' after fiancée Kayla Rae Reid welcomes son Caiden Zane The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider Reunited at last! Melania and Barron moving into White House from Trump Tower NEXT WEEK as the family finally settles Washington DC 'Taking rest in the jungle': Kate Hudson shares a selfie from Cambodia as she explores country with boyfriend Danny Fujikawa Former NBA star Chris Webber reveals he's finally a father to TWINS after 'many years of trying' and 'more than a few heartbreaks'  Welcomed boy and girl Today's headlines Most Read How Diana secretly recorded hours of tapes pouring out her despair over her imploding marriage to Charles:... Teen mother kills her two toddler daughters by 'INTENTIONALLY leaving them in a hot car overnight as... Congressional investigators ask to see fired FBI Director James Comey's memos that he wrote 'when President... Mitt Romney says Hillary Clinton told him to ACCEPT a job as Trump's Secretary of State Tiger Woods told responding officer at his DUI arrest he'd taken Xanax after police found him asleep behind... Sweep no more! LeBron James and the Cavs avoid a humiliating defeat in the NBA Finals in record-breaking... REVEALED: Mary Kay Letourneau stayed in contact with her student lover Vili Fualaau by smuggling messages... How hero school mom tried to save a woman and son who were shot dead by bodybuilder - only for one of the... 'That's our word and you can't have it back': Ice Cube schools Bill Maher on why the N-word is 'like a... Cryotherapy explained: Why Hugh Jackman and other celebrities are exposing themselves to sub-zero... Hipster organizer of Oakland artist enclave where 36 died in blaze tries to blame FIREFIGHTERS for their... 'Kala told us you shot and killed Charlie': The moment South Carolina serial killer was arrested by cops... Casey Anthony's parents 'set to lose Florida home in foreclosure after not paying mortgage for six years' 'I thought I was going to die': Cop who shot Philando Castile breaks down on the stand as he says the... 'Shut up, slave!' White Starbucks customer launches a vile racist rant, attacks three bystanders and SPITS... Diana heard Charles on the phone in his bath to Camilla saying: 'Whatever happens, I will always love you' 'You’re not going in that dress, are you?' What Charles told Diana before their first joint public... No collusion. No obstruction. And I'm 100 per cent willing to speak under oath about what REALLY happened... EXCLUSIVE: Lordy! James Comey set for $10 million payday as publishers scramble to sign book deal with fired... New York attorney general launches investigation into the Eric Trump Foundation after a report claimed... Now Trump says he'll reveal whether he has tapes of his Comey encounters 'in the very near future' – as... Trump DENIES obstructing justice by quoting OJ Simpson's lawyer who says asking Comey to drop Flynn probe is... James Comey's testimony was watched by 20million people  EXCLUSIVE: 'She is a patriot NOT a traitor' - Reality Winner's sister says public have right to know the... CNN drops 'Believer' host Reza Aslan days after he called Donald Trump a 'piece of s***' for his response to... 'What about a covfefe maker?' Twitter users mercilessly troll Ivanka Trump after she shared a Father's Day... Trump's social media director Dan Scavino is given a warning by government watchdog after posting tweet... Trump levels full-throated attack on Qatar for funding terror 'at a very high level' after secretary of... Senator potty mouth! New York politician drops F-bombs on audience of young Democrats just two months after... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: More than a bromance - the intimate relationship between John F. Kennedy and his gay friend - from prep school to the White House - where pal had his own room, much to Jackie's chagrin  Amazing photos show the moment a terrified girl, 12, DELIVERS her baby brother and holds his tiny head in her hands after telling the doctor she wanted to be part of the birth  Female prep school math teacher, 25, is charged with having sex with THREE male high school students 'Shut up, slave!' White Starbucks customer launches a vile racist rant, attacks three bystanders and SPITS on another as meltdown over a spilled drink is caught on video Victim of Dani Mathers' fat-shaming breaks her silence to say she was 'humiliated' and denies ex-Playboy model's claims that she has tried to reach out and apologize 'All I asked for was a chance': Chelsea Manning sobs while thanking Obama for commuting her sentence but will not apologize for leaking classified docs in transgender leaker's first interview Trump leans on family ties as Don Jr. comes out swinging for dad during high-stakes Comey testimony EXCLUSIVE: Lordy! James Comey set for $10 million payday as publishers scramble to sign book deal with fired FBI chief for inside story on Hillary, Trump - and his own brush with death by a serial rapist Think you’ve stayed in some bad hotels? Meet the man whose job it is to find the grossest motel rooms in America – and what he’s seen will make your stomach churn  Ex-model jailed for 'trying to hire hitman to kill her huband's ex-wife and dispose of the corpse in a wood chipper' has conviction quashed as judge calls indictment 'fatally flawed'  Serial fraudster, 28, caught in Sydney after being put into foster care by 'posing as 13-year-old schoolgirl and scamming an iPad, mobile phones and travel cards from charity'  PIERS MORGAN: Dear Theresa, you are a discredited dead duck and if you think you can soldier on after the worst campaign in living memory you are not just being a ‘difficult woman’ you are plain, bloody deluded Mika Brzezinski joined by Morning Joe co-host and fiance Joe Scarborough for her father's funeral as former president Jimmy Carter delivers a eulogy for his former national security adviser Trump declares war on Comey: President slams his testimony as 'false statements and lies' - and his personal lawyer plans legal complaint about sacked FBI director leaking CNN drops 'Believer' host Reza Aslan days after he called Donald Trump a 'piece of s***' for his response to the London Bridge terror attacks Murder mansion for sale: Hamptons house where handyman killed his lover's millionaire financier husband put on the market for $12.7million Moped gang 'stab man in his 20s in machete attack in London's Russell Square'  No collusion. No obstruction. And I'm 100 per cent willing to speak under oath about what REALLY happened with Comey, says Trump Young woman livestreams her own death after boozing with a friend before filming themselves flipping their car 'in 60mph crash' Twilight killers unmasked: Judge orders names to be released of girl and her warped boyfriend, 15, who murdered her MOTHER and younger sister before having sex, sharing a bath and watching teen vampire films  MLB prospect Luke Heimlich pleaded guilty to molesting a six-year-old female relative when he was a teenager Eighty-year-old New York cougar is found dead in her apartment, days after her much-younger hulking boyfriend was arrested for beating her Bill Cosby admitted he STOCKPILED Quaaludes with the sole intention of giving them to 'young women he intended to have sexual contact with' but spokesman insists 'we're doing great' MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
6 boating hangouts to check out this summer News Maryland Howard County Laurel 166 Eisenhower Middle School seventh-graders earn free bicycles, helmets for attendance records On June 8, 166 out of 382 students in the seventh grade class received a free bicycle and helmet for their attendance records throughout the 2016-2017 school year at Dwight D. Eisenhower Middle School. On June 8, 166 out of 382 students in the seventh grade class received a free bicycle and helmet for their attendance records throughout the 2016-2017 school year at Dwight D. Eisenhower Middle School. Andrew MichaelsContact ReporterLaurel Leader 166 Eisenhower Middle School seventh-graders earn free bicycles, helmets for attendance records According to Dwight D. Eisenhower Middle School principal John Mangrum, it's not uncommon for students to miss a few days of school during the 180-day school year, whether they're sick or have a family matter. However, concerns arise when students decide to skip class or stay home for unwarranted reasons. To encourage attendance, the middle school partnered with Laurel's Tischer Acura dealership and Walmart to reward seventh-graders with a free bicycle if they kept perfect attendance or had no unexcused absences. On June 8, nearly half of the seventh-grade were rewarded for their attendance records this year. "It's outstanding," Mangrum said. "It's a great opportunity that we had the chance to recognize our students for coming to school every day, following directions and doing what they're supposed to do. … Every kid, I believe, is a good kid. They just need, sometimes, that little push to get them over the hump." Out of 382 students in the seventh grade, 166 qualified for the bikes and were recognized Thursday morning at the school. All bicycles and helmets were paid for by Tischer Acura, costing nearly $16,000. Ron Dortch, president of the school's Parent Teacher Student Association, said, "the incentive really worked." On June 8, 166 out of 382 students in the seventh grade class received a free bicycle and helmet for their attendance records throughout the 2016-2017 school year at Dwight D. Eisenhower Middle School. (Andrew Michaels) Last year, Dortch said, about 40 students throughout the entire school qualified for the bike giveaway. During the contest, if students were sick, they were still eligible for a free bicycle, but had to bring a note from their doctor or parents for an excused absence as part of the school's policy. This year, 96 girls and 70 boys were recognized for their efforts. About 20 bicycles and helmets were handed over to winners, with the remaining students receiving certificates to pick up their bicycles at Walmart on Russett Green. Angely Garcia, 13, said she felt "great" about her accomplishment and excited to join her sisters on their bicycle rides; however, the contest was no easy feat. "It was hard because some days I would be sick or I would be really tired and didn't feel comfortable coming to school," Angely said. "I think it helped my education because my grades were boosted and got higher." Waking up early in the morning was also hard, said 13-year-old Anthony Aguilar, but worth it for a new bicycle. "I'm happy. School is important and it made my mom and sister happy," Anthony said. "They wanted me to go to school for a better education." "I'm so proud of him," added Veronica Aguilar, Anthony's mother. "They encouraged kids to do better and I think it's a very good idea." Jean Johnson, marketing manager at Tischer Acura, said the students were introduced to the contest at the end of the 2015-2016 school year when they were in sixth grade. Johnson, dealership owner Donato "Danny" Sauro and general manager Bruce Breinig developed the idea a year prior as part of Honda Week, a national campaign that encourages dealerships to get involved in and give back to their communities. In addition to the school contest, Johnson said Tischer Acura also hosts a toy drive around the holidays for families in need. "We feel that, in seventh grade, those kids are just so impressionable and can sway either way," Johnson said. "That's when they're getting that [idea of] skipping or staying home. So many of these kids at the end of the year sit through these ceremonies and watch other kids with straight A's get presidential awards, while they got C's and D's and went to school every day." Lisa Philip Dwight D. Eisenhower Middle School is set to grow, and not in terms of building space. The Laurel school will use a grant recently received from the state teachers union to start a school garden. The Maryland State Education Association is funding dozens of micro-grants this year to celebrate its... Dwight D. Eisenhower Middle School is set to grow, and not in terms of building space. The Laurel school will use a grant recently received from the state teachers union to start a school garden. The Maryland State Education Association is funding dozens of micro-grants this year to celebrate its... (Lisa Philip) Some kids have a harder time earning good grades, she said, so this contest was created to give them an attainable goal, something that was in their control. "Kids aren't going to carry perfect attendance all year just to get a $25 gift certificate for something. We wanted to make it something exciting," Johnson said. "We didn't anticipate so many to do so well, but we have no problem fulfilling that at all." Sauro, who has owned Tischer Acura since 2000, said his goal was to get kids interested and involved in learning to ensure they have a brighter future. Giving back to the community is part of the business world, added Breinig. "From a gratification standpoint, you can't imagine the look in these kids' eyes when you hand them a bicycle and a helmet and all they had to do for it was go to school," Breinig said. "Going to school is the right thing to do, so we're trying to help them go down the right path." Tischer Acura will continue the incentive for next year's seventh-grade class. District 1 Board of Education member David Murray described the students' efforts as "phenomenal." "To motivate the students and for them to stick with it all year long, it's so cool," Murray said. "It's unprecedented and I'm sure will lead to some additional learning when you have more kids in the classroom." Caption On May 19, 88-year-old Marine Corps veteran Don Downer prepared his 3,000th care package at his home to ship to Capt. John Lefebvre in Afghanistan. (Andrew Michaels / BSMG) On May 19, 88-year-old Marine Corps veteran Don Downer prepared his 3,000th care package at his home to ship to Capt. John Lefebvre in Afghanistan. (Andrew Michaels / BSMG) Caption A water main break and sinkhole have closed a section of Main Street in Ellicott City Wednesday morning. A water main break and sinkhole have closed a section of Main Street in Ellicott City Wednesday morning. Copyright © 2017, Laurel Leader - Laurel, Maryland News, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Middle Schools Acura Eisenhower Middle goes orange to raise awareness of sickle cell trait Korey Jackson: From Howard High to 'House of Cards' Hopkins scientists readying mission to touch the sun Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 66°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Increases Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Price Target to GBX 2,520 NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Ophir Energy Plc (OPHR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Nike Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (NKE) Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) Traders Buy High Volume of Oracle Put Options (ORCL) CONMED Co. (CNMD) Short Interest Down 2.3% in May Starbucks Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (SBUX) Lakeland Industries, Inc. (LAKE) Short Interest Down 10.6% in May Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Polaris Industries Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (PII) Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Dialog Semiconductor PLC (DLG) a €60.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €97.00 Price Target Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) Given a €106.40 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €9.65 Price Target for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €187.00 Price Target Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) PT Set at €100.00 by S&P Global Linde Ag Spon (LNEGY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Visa Inc (V) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Sell” Vetr Inc. Lowers UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) to Hold Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. June 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) was upgraded by equities researchers at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report released on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a $82.17 price target on the retailer’s stock. Vetr‘s price target points to a potential upside of 4.10% from the company’s previous close. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the company. TheStreet raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Bank of America Corp raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $84.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Gordon Haskett began coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. They set a “buy” rating and a $90.00 target price for the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.51. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.93 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $76.76 and a 200 day moving average of $71.66. Wal-Mart Stores has a 12-month low of $65.28 and a 12-month high of $80.47. The company has a market cap of $239.55 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.92 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.98 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc.” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/08/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock-rating-upgraded-by-vetr-inc.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 1,157,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.06, for a total value of $90,354,450.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $526,794,154.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 19,702,256 shares of company stock valued at $1,528,889,411. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at approximately $375,000. Hartford Investment Management Co. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.3% in the third quarter. Hartford Investment Management Co. now owns 387,648 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $27,957,000 after buying an additional 5,072 shares during the last quarter. Zacks Investment Management boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 9.2% in the third quarter. Zacks Investment Management now owns 650,161 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $46,890,000 after buying an additional 54,632 shares during the last quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.1% in the third quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd now owns 925,575 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $65,466,000 after buying an additional 69,479 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.3% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 526,701 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $37,986,000 after buying an additional 40,438 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News News Home Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Military Special Reports Maps & Data Sports Sports Home UConn High School Local Colleges Professional Game Day Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Podcasts Arts & Entertainment A & E Home Movies & TV Arts & Music Food & Drink Events & Exhibits Lifestyle Games & Puzzles Dear Abby Horoscopes Photos & Videos Photos & Videos Home GameDay Videos Photo Galleries Live Lunch Obituaries FAQs Contact Us Go! Marketplace Classifieds Jobs FindMyHomeCT Wheels Coupons Contests Magazines Bookstore Business Directory DayExtra Home Food & Drink Culture Lifestyle Hola Visitors Guide Services Membership My Account Subscribe Passport Rewards Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives E-Paper Advertising D2 Media Solutions D2 Home Website Development Social Media Marketing Search Engine Optimization Marketing & Branding Day Direct Commercial Printing MENU   CONTACT US Register Login Go! Police/Fire/Courts   Police/Fire/Courts Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Police find sex offender with missing Vermont girl at Lisbon Walmart Published June 08. 2017 9:31PM | Updated June 09. 2017 10:42AM Lisbon — State police arrested a convicted sex offender from Vermont at a Lisbon Walmart on Thursday who was found with a 16-year-old Vermont girl first reported missing by her mother on June 4. Vermont State Police earlier this week had issued a statement asking for the public’s help in locating the girl and 47-year-old William Smith Jr., a man with no permanent address who was out of compliance with the Vermont sexual offender registry. The girl was last seen leaving her residence on foot with a backpack, according to Vermont state police. Police said she might be with Smith, with whom she was acquainted, and had reached out to other state and law enforcement agencies. Connecticut State Police located the two inside Walmart at 180 River Road in Lisbon on Thursday. Police said the girl was not injured and was in good physical health. She was taken to Troop E in Montville and remanded to the custody of the Department of Children and Families. Smith was taken into custody as a fugitive from justice. He additionally was charged with operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license and improper use of a license plate. Smith was held in lieu of a $100,000 bond and expected to be arraigned Friday in Norwich Superior Court. Previous Article Next Article Commenting on this article has been disabled. Hide Comments READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Waterford beats Lewis Mills 4-0 to win Class M baseball championship 2 Police logs - June 10, 2017 3 Science consensus on global warming? Yes 4 On the Air 5 Nuclear fuel chain produces much carbon 6 New Speedbowl manager: 'Everything is going to remain the same' 7 She considers sports rule to be unfair 8 New London political committees gearing up for municipal elections 9 Big investors can sway corporate decisions on climate change 10 Sorry, but you can’t govern by id MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Waterford wins Class M baseball title 2 Aaron Torres of Fox Sports: Markelle Fultz vs. Lonzo Ball, and what’s wrong with UConn? 3 Voices of the Class of 2017 4 Full game: East Lyme 11, Waterford 9 in ECC lacrosse final 5 Fitch softball falls in semifinals to Joel Barlow MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation 81 2 New London's Howard Street site of proposed residential developments 23 3 Rhode Island woman to stage breastfeeding protest at Mystic YMCA 22 4 Woman accused of leak ordered to remain jailed pending trial 22 5 Trump: Democratic 'obstructionists' are stalling my agenda 21 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Today’s Ads Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News Sports Community News Opinion Obituaries Vinton County Family Features Lifestyle Classified Ads Public Notices/Legal Ads Electronic Newsletter RSS Feeds Event Calendar Send us a News Story Links Directory Church Directory Telegram Staff About The Telegram About Our Website Newspaper Awards Advertise with Us Subscribe Online Local News  Sports  Community News  Opinion  Obituaries  Vinton County  Family Features  Lifestyle  Classified Ads  Public Notices/Legal Ads  Electronic Newsletter  RSS Feeds  Event Calendar  Send us a News Story  Links Directory  Church Directory  Telegram Staff  About The Telegram  About Our Website  Newspaper Awards  Advertise with Us  Subscribe Online   home : local news : local news June 10, 2017 6/9/2017 11:19:00 PM Man charged for taking unattended prescriptions from cart in Walmart lot PETE WILSON Editor A young Jackson area man faces a felony charge after he allegedly stole another man's prescription drugs, which had been left unattended in a shopping cart last Tuesday, June 6, in the parking lot of the Jackson Walmart store. Jackson Police report that Eric W. Graham, 33, of 111 Lewis St., Jackson, has been charged with a felony-level charge of Theft Of Drugs after he allegedly stole a bag containing prescription drugs owned by Roger Poe of 416 South Connecticut Avenue, Wellston. Graham was not seen committing the theft at the time, but police say they made the arrest after using video surveillance evidence and following up with an immediate investigation. Poe had purchased five different prescriptions inside Walmart and had them together in one bag, but left the bag in a shopping cart when he placed other shopping items inside his vehicle before driving away from the parking lot. When he returned a short time later to retrieve the bag of prescription drugs, it was no longer there. When police and store personnel reviewed surveillance videotape, it revealed a man with a black and white umbrella appeared to remove something from the shopping cart and place it in a nearby pickup truck, in which he later drove from the scene. The man was not identified, but the pickup truck's registered owner was a person living at 111 Lewis Street, which also turned out to be Graham's residence. A truck matching the description of the one in the Walmart parking lot was seen at that residence and a similar umbrella was found inside of it. Officers later recovered the bag of Poe's discarded prescriptions in a trash can at the Apple Hill Apartments, located off East Broadway Street. The bag still contained four of the five prescriptions, but the prescription for 120 Oxycodone tablets had been removed. Police said Graham later admitted picking up an item from the shopping cart, but said he discarded it outside a convenience store when he saw it contained nothing but trash. However, there was no video or physical evidence at the convenience-store property to confirm he did this. Article Comment Submission Form Please feel free to submit your comments about this story for possible publication online and/or in our print edition. Article comments are not immediately posted to theTelegramNews.com. Each submission must be approved by our Editor, who reserves the right to remove inappropriate language or content. There may be a delay of up to 72 hours for any submission while the Editor reviews and approves your comments. Note: All information on this form is required. Submit an Article Comment First Name: Required Last Name: Required Telephone: Required Email: Required Comment: Required Passcode: Required Click here to see a new mix of characters. This is an anti-SPAM device. It is not case sensitive.     Advanced Search < June > S M T W T F S         1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   The Telegram | www.theTelegramNews.com | WKOV-FM 96.7 | WCJO-FM 97.7 | WYRO-FM 98.7 | WYPC-AM 1330 THE TELEGRAM | PO Box 667 Jackson OH 45640 | phone 740.286.3023 | fax 740.286.6679 Copyright © 2017 JACKSON COUNTY BROADCASTING, INC. Privacy Notice | Web Site Visitor Policy Software © 1998-2017 1up! Software, All Rights Reserved

Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping Best of Denton Contests NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search News Calendar Blotter Insight Denton Nation And World State Texas Legislature Donald Trump Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Century Club Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cropped Out Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton County Sheriff's Office Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Donald Trump Double Oak Environmental issues Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Nonprofits Oak Point Oil and gas Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Road Construction Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports NASCAR Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Best of Denton 2017 Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close Former Denton novelist now writing for Netflix blockbuster Filed under Denton at 5 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Christopher Mosley, For GuideLive.com Connect with Christopher Mosley Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page LOS ANGELES — North Texas' Merritt Tierce became one of the most promising writers in American literature of the past decade when her debut novel, Love Me Back, was released to almost universal acclaim in 2014. Following the book's success, Tierce wrote for venerable publications such as The New York Times and The Paris Review. While it's easy to assume the life of such a visible writer must be a luxurious one, Tierce candidly fought back against that cliche. In an essay for Marie Claire, she revealed she took a job as a letter carrier in order to make ends meet. Surfing through residencies is a favorite pastime of writers and artists who find themselves underemployed. Tierce had completed four residencies, was getting ready to embark on her fifth. She had plans for a sixth when she got the news. "I was driving around Denton, and I just started screaming in my car," she said, laughing. The news was a text message from her agent, asking if she wanted to move to Los Angeles and become a staff writer for Orange Is the New Black. Laura Prepon and Taylor Schilling in a season five episode of "Orange of Is The New Black."  TNS The time between a text and the first day of a dream job can drag on.  "It took another month actually for an official offer to be made," Tierce said. "So I was just kind of sitting on it that whole time. I went ahead to my next residency, because I wasn't totally sure it was going to happen. I have two kids in Denton and I had to make sure things were OK with their dad, so there were a lot of logistics to work out." On top of all of the big unanswered questions Tierce faced as she waited for her fate to materialize, she was still recovering from the end of her second marriage late last year. "I'm not really sure how to answer that one," Tierce says when pressed on the issue. "There's some relief — as in, I may not have the relationship anymore, but at least I have this huge break in my career — and that does help me deal with the loss in a way, by at least providing some buoyancy and a whole new set of experiences to focus on. But in other ways it amplifies the loss, since I'm not sharing those new experiences with anyone the way I would have before." A chance encounter at one of Tierce's many residencies is where everything changed. She met Orange Is the New Black creator, showrunner and executive producer, Jenji Kohan, while at the MacDowell Colony in Peterborough, N.H. Past MacDowell fellows includes Leonard Bernstein, James Baldwin and Alice Walker. Kohan also created the series Weeds for Showtime, and her upcoming GLOW — based on the campy 1980s female wrestling show, Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling — will appear on Netflix in June. Judging by Kohan's track record and the fact that O.I.T.N.B. is often said to be the highest-rated series on Netflix (the brand doesn't do traditional Nielsen ratings or give out numbers of any kind), her streak is likely to continue. "Love Me Back," by Merritt Tierce.   The offer came as a shock. "I was trying very hard to not be the person who is fawning over her," Tierce says. "It certainly didn't occur to me to ask her if I could work on her show. ... This was still a complete surprise to me. I told her I was interested in writing for television and trying to figure out how to get into that world, but I have no experience. We definitely have a lot of issue interests and kinetic interests in common." When asked what those issues are, Tierce replied: "Feminism and radicalized women. Abortion. Being a woman. Being an outsider in some ways, I guess." Tierce left Kohan a copy of her book before returning to Denton. She then started on what would be her final residency, at Willapa Bay, which is in a remote peninsula in the Pacific Northwest. The classes were small, sometimes only six people, and everyone at the residency has dinner together every night. The intimacy of such surroundings can lead to some awkward moments. "This has also happened on every residency that I've done: People will read my book while I'm there and that's always actually really strange," Tierce says. "It's strange to walk past someone who's reading your book, but it's gratifying, too, that they are taking the time, taking the time out of their own very precious residency to read my work." Tierce welcomed the chance to spend time with people who weren't writers at the residency. "I like being around visual artists and filmmakers. I feel, I guess, extra invigorated by people who are working in other media," says Tierce. "I think that's probably just because it's hard or boring for writers to talk about their work sometimes." While residencies often take place in small enclaves, that aspect is something to which Tierce is accustomed. She grew up in "little [expletive] towns all over Texas." "I grew up some in Abilene and some in Sweetwater and then I guess I spent the biggest chunk of time in this place called Gatesville, which is west of Waco," Tierce says. It was in that final location that a  twist of fate revealed itself compared to where Tierce now finds herself in life.  "There's nothing there except a prison, a state women's prison," Tierce says of Gatesville. "It's pretty close to Fort Hood, the army base. When I lived there, there was a Wal-Mart and a McDonald's, and everyone who lived there worked at the prison or was in the army." The relocation from Washington State oyster bays to the hills of Hollywood was a sudden one. "I ended up getting the offer on a Friday while I was in the Pacific Northwest and flying to L.A. on a Sunday, and starting work on a Monday. It happened very fast, and I didn't go home or anything first. So I had to leave that residency a few days early," Tierce says. "And then I had to cancel a bunch of other upcoming commitments that I had, but this is so exactly what I want to be doing right now, so there wasn't really a question about whether or not I wanted to do it." Tierce's television habit didn't start until approximately 2006.  "I didn't watch TV growing up, really," Tierce says. "I was pretty sheltered and also just not that interested in watching TV." When asked to give an example of a great television writer, Tierce instead mentions the overall writing quality of The Wire. Her new familiarity with the inner workings of how a series is written helped illuminate her opinion. "I watch a [expletive]-ton of TV, so there are a lot of shows that I'm into. But it's hard to tell when you're looking at the credits on a show; it's hard to tell exactly who wrote it," Tierce says. "There are 12 people in our writers' room, and I assume most writers' rooms are like that. I'm sure some are smaller but still, it's a collaborative effort."  When Tierce lists off the shows her fellow writers have worked on, it's enough to give any new employee pause: "Weeds, Grey's Anatomy, Narcos, Billions, Mad Men, In Treatment, Girls, 30 Rock, Community, BoJack Horseman, Degrassi, Bones and many other shows," she says. The writing-by-committee has been a shift in an often lonely profession. "We sit around a conference table, some of us in chairs and some on exercise balls, in a room with whiteboard walls, and talk about the show all day," says Tierce. "Down the middle of the table is a legit smorgasbord of adult coloring books, kinetic sand, fidget spinners, markers, Theraputty, and basically anything else a creative person might want to fiddle with while working out an idea." The process takes place at Netflix's most recent location, as well as an off-site Orange Is the New Black office. Tierce's first day of work was a Netflix binge. She watched all of season five of O.I.T.N.B, along with all the other writers and a few producers, in a screening room called The Upside Down (a nod to Netflix's original show Stranger Things). She describes her new schedule as "embarrassingly normal." It's Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Being from Texas is something of a fascination for people on the two big coasts, something Tierce acknowledges.  "It probably helps me get a spot," she said. "I think it's sort of added value in a way. Tiny added value. We've been talking a lot about how Texas is prison-crazy and also detention center-crazy. I'm aware of that." Editor's note: Christopher Mosley is a freelance writer and former Dallas Morning News digital producer FEATURE IMAGE: Author Merritt Tierce poses for a portrait near the Hollywood sign on Tuesday, June 6, 2017 in Hollywood, California. While first novel, Love Me Back, was a critical hit - North Texas novelist Merritt Tierce has landed on her feet in Los Angeles. She has a new job as a staff writer on season six of the hit Netflix series Orange is the New Black. (Patrick T. Fallon/ Special to The Dallas Morning News) Comments Tags Denton Entertainment News Denton Time Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to News More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! News Local news Breaking News Court records in Ald. Cochran case detail alleged kickbacks, spending spree with ward charity cash Erin Hooley / Chicago Tribune Ald. Willie Cochran, 20th, attends the last City Council meeting of the year on Dec. 14, 2016, at City Hall in Chicago. Cochran has been charged with 11 counts of wire fraud, two counts of extortion and two counts of bribery, the most serious of which carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison if convicted. He left the meeting early. Ald. Willie Cochran, 20th, attends the last City Council meeting of the year on Dec. 14, 2016, at City Hall in Chicago. Cochran has been charged with 11 counts of wire fraud, two counts of extortion and two counts of bribery, the most serious of which carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison if convicted. He left the meeting early. (Erin Hooley / Chicago Tribune) Jason MeisnerContact ReporterChicago Tribune Ald. Willie Cochran was in the midst of pushing through a change to a city ordinance to help a liquor store owner in his ward when, in a text message, he allegedly demanded a $5,000 kickback, court records show. "I need your help, whatever you can do," the owner said Cochran's text stated, according to an FBI search warrant affidavit made public Friday. Shocked by the amount the alderman was requesting, the owner instead took $3,000 in cash from his business safe and drove to Cochran's 20th Ward office. When the store owner pulled up, Cochran came up to the passenger-side window, took the cash and stuffed it in his front pocket, according to the 46-page affidavit. The owner told the FBI the alderman said simply, "Thanks." The details of that alleged 2015 transaction were laid out in nearly 150 pages of federal search warrant and surveillance application records made public by Cochran's lawyers as part of their effort to suppress some of the key evidence in the high-profile case. In his motion, Cochran's lead attorney, Thomas Anthony Durkin, accused federal investigators of using disreputable tactics during their inquiry, including employing controversial cellphone "sting ray" technology that allowed agents to track one of the alderman's cell phones. "Alderman Cochran was subjected to federal electronic surveillance techniques normally reserved for violent crime, drug and national security investigations," Durkin wrote. "These controversial surveillance methods employed by the FBI on an elected public official and sitting Chicago alderman raise significant privacy and constitutional concerns." Jason Meisner, Jeremy Gorner and Hal Dardick Willie Cochran was running for 20th Ward alderman as a political unknown a decade ago when he vowed to steer clear of the graft and corruption that had ensnared so many Chicago politicians over the years. "Most people in the ward are tired of our public officials being embroiled in one controversy... Willie Cochran was running for 20th Ward alderman as a political unknown a decade ago when he vowed to steer clear of the graft and corruption that had ensnared so many Chicago politicians over the years. "Most people in the ward are tired of our public officials being embroiled in one controversy... (Jason Meisner, Jeremy Gorner and Hal Dardick) A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office declined comment on Friday. A status hearing in the case was set for July 11 before U.S. District Judge Jorge Alonso. In addition to details about the alleged bribe to the liquor store owner, the search warrant records revealed new information about how Cochran spent tens of thousands of dollars he allegedly stole from charitable contributions meant for poor children and seniors in his largely impoverished South Side ward. Cochran used a bank account tied to the ward fund to buy tires and a chrome fog lamp bumper ring for his Mercedes as well as vases, lamps and artwork from Z Gallerie, the records show. According to the affidavit, Cochran also used the ward fund's accounts to buy "herb scissors" and a "compact juice fountain" from Crate & Barrel, a $600 iPad from Walmart, and $67 worth of compact discs at Best Buy — including hits by Usher and Rihanna and an album titled "Call Me Irresponsible." The indictment brought in December already accused Cochran of using the ward charity funds to pay a portion of his daughter's college tuition and withdraw thousands of dollars from the fund at Indiana casinos where he gambled. Cochran, 64, was charged with 11 counts of wire fraud, two counts of extortion and two counts of bribery. The most serious counts carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison if convicted. Cochran has pleaded not guilty and continues to serve on the City Council while the case is pending. In 2015, Cochran took the $3,000 cash bribe from the liquor store owner — identified as Individual B — in exchange for his support of an ordinance amending the municipal code to allow liquor sales in a two-block stretch of South Cottage Grove Avenue in the 20th Ward, the charges alleged. The owner wanted to sell the business, but the area had since gone "dry," and the amendment was needed for the buyer to continue to sell liquor there. The amendment was passed by the City Council in April 2015. Then, while Cochran was being investigated, the alderman proposed a new ordinance to again prohibit the sale of packaged liquor on that same stretch of Cottage Grove. The council approved that change in October. The records made public Friday revealed that the liquor store owner initially lied to a federal grand jury investigating the alderman, testifying in March 2016 that he never provided any cash to Cochran. Confronted later by FBI agents, the owner admitted to paying the $3,000 in order to get the legislation passed, as well as another $1,000 payment to Cochran the year before, according to the affidavit. The owner returned to the grand jury in June 2016 and "apologized" for lying the first time, the affidavit stated. He has not been charged with any crimes in connection with the false statements. According to the indictment, Cochran also provided letters of support in 2010 and 2011 for a real estate project in his ward to an attorney representing the project's developers. The project, part of a federal program to get boarded-up or foreclosed properties occupied as soon as possible, was completed in 2014. The FBI affidavit alleged the attorney told a grand jury that after Cochran provided the letters, he called the attorney in December 2011 and said, "'I need some help. My daughter's tuition is due and I'm short. If you can do $1,500, I'd appreciate it.'" In January 2012, Cochran later came to the attorneys' office and picked up the check personally, the attorney testified. "I provided the check to Alderman Cochran based on our prior relationship, with Cochran as an alderman and his support of me and my projects in the past," the attorney allegedly testified to the grand jury. "I also know that i would need Alderman Cochran's support in future business dealings, and I wanted to preserve our business relationship going forward." Bank records showed that at the time he took the attorney's money, Cochran's own $6,600 tuition check to Eastern Illinois University had bounced. jmeisner@chicagotribune.com Twitter @jmetr22b Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Willie Cochran FBI Ald. Willie Cochran's attorney says his actions 'stupid,' not illegal Cochran just latest 20th Ward alderman in federal crosshairs — 3 of last 4 have been indicted Indicted alderman bolts City Council meeting after awkward moment builds Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 67°
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars COMMERCE Cortana in Edge now finds you lower prices while you shop Khari Johnson@kharijohnson June 9, 2017 3:06 PM Microsoft Edge, working with Cortana, may soon be able to unearth lower prices on shopping websites. The pilot feature being rolled out starting today for the Windows 10 Creators Update will initially deliver price checks for 14 business including Amazon, Walmart, and Home Depot. Cortana on Edge can already do things like deliver coupons or carry out image searches for products. Like other features to help people shop, the price check can be seen by clicking the Cortana notifications icon in the address bar, Microsoft program manager Dheeraj Mehta said in a blog post today. The new feature for Cortana in Edge is one in a series of recent developments in what has been some of the most impactful weeks ever for payments with intelligent assistants like Cortana and Google Assistant. Today Apple launched Business Chat, a service that lets businesses chat with customers and carry out purchases. Apple Pay for iMessage will be part of iOS 11 scheduled out this fall, and Siri will be able to share more information about personal finances and scan QR codes. Last month, both Microsoft and Google brought the ability to make payments to Cortana and Google Assistant voice apps. At F8, Facebook welcomed bots from Western Union, MoneyGram, and MasterGram to go alongside a Payments beta that launched last fall. Like iOS will bring to iPhones this fall, the native Messenger camera can now scan QR codes. Amazon brought shopping in the Amazon marketplace to the Alexa experience in July, while the Google Assistant introduced Google Express shopping with more than 50 brands in March. VB Recommendations LucidSound’s LS20 headset brings amplified audio to Switch, mobile, and more Why Universal Basic Income and tax breaks won’t save us from the jobless future Your most effective employee could be a chatbot Upcoming VentureBeat Events MB 2017 July 11 – 12 BLUEPRINT Sept 11 - 13 GamesBeat 2017 October 5 - 6
null
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions June 9, 2017 84° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mostly clear. Low around 65F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 9, 2017 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Iowa fire marshal: 5 stores statewide selling fireworks By LINLEY SANDERS Associated Press Jun 9, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago (…) DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — The state fire marshal said Friday that five permanent locations have started selling fireworks in Iowa. The office issued its first license on June 1, the same day that selling bottle rockets, roman candles and most other consumer fireworks became legal in Iowa. Stores selling fireworks now are operating in Brooklyn, Grimes, Marion, Spirit Lake and Rembrandt. Fireworks sales from temporary structures will begin June 13. "We've all attacked this with a vengeance to make it happen," State Fire Marshal Jeff Quigle said. "We want to make certain that retailers who want to sell in Iowa have the ability to do that." Other fireworks businesses are completing applications, including chains such as Wal-Mart, Sam's Club, Target, Big Lots and Bomgaars. The Iowa Department of Public Safety said in a statement Friday that 31 retail licenses had been issued with 253 more in the process. The reviews of permanent structure site plans are taking more time than anticipated, and the office is looking to speed up the process without jeopardizing safety, the Department of Public Safety noted the statement. In order to lessen the delay, building inspections have been approved online through video upload submissions. The state fire marshal division had weeks to complete what would normally have taken months to prepare, but Quigle said the department is dedicated to ensuring there is no delay. Quigle said some employees plan to work over the weekend to speed-up the approval, even as new applications pour in daily. Retail firework licensing fees, designed to offset some of the start-up costs for the state, will probably not be available for use until the next fiscal year, which begins July 1. "We've had many programs we've had to take on over the years with no additional resources," Quigle said. "We just make it work." Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Fourth Of July Holidays Occasions Lifestyle Business Locations Iowa United States North America Popular DA: Threats made against teen charged in Kendarrius Martin murder Torrie Ethridge sues the Dothan City School Board Northview's Jonathan Rasberry resigning from baseball post Woman charged with stealing $66K from local medical office Teens arrested in connection with Wiregrass Park murder brought back Dothan Coffee County man found dead in vehicle Dothan High student scores perfect 36 on the ACT Pedestrian identified in fatal accident involving Sheriff's patrol unit Kharon Davis, awaiting trial 10 years, wants case dismissed Judge hears arguments in Kharon Davis dismissal hearing Featured Businesses McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Currently Open Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Currently Open Vehicles The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Currently Open Mosquito Squad 125 P.R. 1575, Midland City, AL 36350 334-405-7964 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Jim Roberts Realty 4207 Lafayette St, Marianna, FL 32446 850-482-4635 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Hometown Lenders 3124 W Main St, Ste 6, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-2661 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 The Bobby Dean Team 2307 Hartford Hwy, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-701-1102 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Hometown Lenders 110 E Broad St, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-794-2661 Latta Music Company 3332 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-793-6011 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 Jackson County Floridan 4403 Constitution Ln, Marianna, FL 32448 850-526-3614 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Dothan Brace Shop 1240 E Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-792-4330 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open Bama RV 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 W. Terry Bullard Attorney at Law 707 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 James Grant Realty 1254 Westgate Pkwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-793-2200 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Contests Father's Day Sweepstakes Wiregrass' Wildest Fans Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Nation & World Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Nation World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Nation & World Nation World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Nation & World Log In Subscribe Nation Nation & World Oddities Not real news: A look at what didn’t happen this week Originally published June 9, 2017 at 2:04 pm A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. The Associated Press checked them out: Here are the real facts. Share story By The Associated Press & NBSP; A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories is legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL:Spicer: “POTUS Didn’t Misspell ‘Covfefe’ — As Head Of State, He Has The Legal Power To Decide How English Is Spelled” THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Donald Trump “and a small group of people” knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as “one of the perks of being president.” NOT REAL: New York mosque burns flag: Should they be punished? Most Read Stories Immigrants use Washington state to sneak into Canada for asylum. Here's how, and why. Nordstrom family weighs buyout for Seattle retailer, with its legacy — and billions — on the line Boeing revs up robots for 777X in Everett factory, signals that a 797 awaits  VIEW Charges against 3 detail attempted ‘thrill killing’ in Kent, Seattle shootings Legal experts say Trump comments inappropriate, maybe worseUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. NOT REAL: RED ALERT: People Are Injecting HIV Blood Into BANANAS THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Wal-Mart bananas being tainted with HIV-infected blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn’t know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Wal-Mart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo. NOT REAL: Indiana Woman Gives Birth To 11 Baby Boys WITHOUT C-Section Delivery THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children’s Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn’t employ a doctor with the name used in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. NOT REAL: Massive Bumble Bee recall after 2 employees admit cooking a man and mixing him with a batch of tuna THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle the workplace safety violations. The death didn’t cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. This new weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press’ ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://apne.ws/APFactCheck View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story GOP shrugs off Comey revelations, sticks with Trump Previous Story Romney: Clinton told me to take Trump secretary of state job Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 76° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Military program provides free medical services Updated: June 09, 2017 - 5:42 am KAPAA — Tropic Care Kauai 2017 gets underway Monday. Comments (2) Reluctant grand marshal Updated: June 09, 2017 - 5:41 am LIHUE — When Franklin Manoiki Contrades Jr. was chosen to be this year’s grand marshal of The King’s Parade and Celebration, his family was overjoyed. Comments (0) Recent Kauai celebrates World Oceans Day 2017 General Plan Update ready Over 40 applied for auditor’s position Freedom Fest scheduled Obituaries for Friday, June 9, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest ‘A dream come true’ Posted: June 09, 2017 - 1:00 am Life has been a whirlwind for Sam Nakata since states ended in April. Comments (0) Senior golf tournament June 24 Posted: June 09, 2017 - 12:45 am The Kauai Seniors Golf Club will hold its second quarterly golf tournament June 24 at the Wailua Golf Course. Comments (0) Recent Pono ends with 2-1 record in Kalaheo Kauai tennis trio heading to Arizona Rapozo, Acoba take Mana drag racing honors Green gives Lakers life Hole-in-ones in Wailua Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Here’s hoping grant helps end substance abuse Posted: June 06, 2017 - 12:05 am Just say no to drugs. Comments (0) Auditor’s Office not removed from county budget Posted: June 05, 2017 - 12:05 am The Garden Island erroneously reported in its June 2 editorial that the Office of the County Auditor was eliminated during the Kauai County Council’s fiscal year 2017-18 budget decision-making session. Comments (3) Recent Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Afternoon in da Dog House Posted: June 09, 2017 - 1:15 am When the topics of Kauai and beer come up, Kauai Island Brewery Co. and Grille in Port Allen wants to be part of that conversation. Comments (0) Stories of the Pacific at the Waimea Theater Saturday Updated: June 09, 2017 - 5:40 am WAIMEA — The vast Pacific Ocean offers intriguing stories that are oftentimes overlooked and obscured by time and history. Comments (0) Recent Stepping out in style Road map to reading TGIFr!day for June 9, 2017 Feast for the senses A time to dance Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Missouri man freed after 17 years in prison for robbery Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Friday, June 9, 2017 10:23 am Missouri man freed after 17 years in prison for robbery Associated Press | 0 comments OLATHE, Kan. (AP) — A Missouri man who spent nearly 17 years in prison for a 1999 robbery was freed after supporters found another man who looked enough like him that the victim and other witnesses said they could no longer be sure who committed the crime. Richard Anthony Jones, of Kansas City, Missouri, always maintained he didn't commit the robbery and two years ago asked two organizations that advocate for inmates for help proving his innocence. Lawyers for the Midwest Innocence Project and the Paul E. Wilson Defender Project at the University of Kansas took up his cause. At a hearing Wednesday in Johnson County District Court, they presented the other man and argued for Jones' freedom. After the victim and witnesses withdrew their identification of Jones, Johnson County District Judge Kevin Moriarty ordered Jones' release, The Kansas City Star reported (http://bit.ly/2r3lFK3 ). Jones was released Thursday. "We were floored by how much they looked alike," said Jones' attorney, Alice Craig. While not saying the other man committed the crime, Moriarty found that based on the new evidence, no reasonable juror would have convicted Jones. The other man, known as "Ricky," testified at the hearing that he did not commit the robbery. During their investigation, Jones' supporters found evidence that the other man lived in Kansas City, Kansas, near where the robbery occurred at a Walmart in Roeland Park. No DNA, fingerprint or other physical evidence linked Jones to the crime but he was convicted of aggravated robbery based on eyewitness testimony. Investigators focused on Jones after his picture was picked out of a police database three months after the crime by a man who admitted he was on drugs during his only encounter with Jones, according to court documents filed by the defense. Jones' lawyers argued the lineup of photos shown to the victim and other witnesses was "highly suggestive," with Jones' picture the only one of six photographs that resembled the description of the robbery suspect. After the innocence project attorneys showed the pictures of the two men to the victim, two witnesses and the prosecutor in Jones' case, all four said they could not tell the two men apart. At trial, Jones testified that he was with his girlfriend and other family members in Kansas City on the day of the robbery. He was sentenced to more than 19 years in prison and unsuccessfully appealed the conviction and sentence. Craig said Jones was bitter and angry during his incarceration but when he saw the picture of the other man, he understood how easily the witnesses could have been mistaken. "Everybody has a doppelganger," Craig said. "Luckily we found his." ___ Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress Trump punches back, accuses Comey of lying to Congress More about Robbery Something 'was not right' with execution, attorney says ARTICLE: The Latest: Defense rests in Minnesota officer's trial ARTICLE: Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers ARTICLE: Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers More about Theft Something 'was not right' with execution, attorney says ARTICLE: The Latest: Defense rests in Minnesota officer's trial ARTICLE: Correction: Star Wars Memorabilia-Stolen story ARTICLE: Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers Discuss Print   Posted in National on Friday, June 9, 2017 10:23 am. | Tags: General News, Robbery, Theft, Crime, Legal Proceedings, Law And Order | Location Tags: Kansas City, Missouri, United States, North America, Kansas Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Council approves pursuing grant to move Hanalei overlook Federal prosecutor found dead on Florida beach Franciscan Sisters leave St. Theresa after 71 years Kauai Humane Society overflowing All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (38) 100 days of President Donald Trump (38) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Michael Lowenstern Leaves R/GA to Join Amazon Media Group as Group Creative Director Advertisement NEXT:Joan Creative Adds Trio of New Hires PREVIOUS:Meredith Xcelerated Marketing Names Lisa Charlebois as Executive Creative Director Revolving Door Michael Lowenstern Leaves R/GA to Join Amazon Media Group as Group Creative Director By Erik Oster on Jun. 9, 2017 - 3:46 PMComment Michael Lowenstern has joined the New York offices of Amazon Media Group as group creative director, reporting directly to executive creative director Anthony Reeves. Amazon confirmed the hire but declined to comment further. R/GA did not respond to an email regarding the news. Lowenstern joins Amazon following over four years as vice president, digital advertising at R/GA New York. Lowenstern founded the agency’s digital advertising group upon his arrival in 2008, taking on varying roles including copywriter, developer, creative strategist and client partner for brands including Verizon, Pepsi, Samsung and Walmart, according to his LinkedIn profile. Before joining R/GA, he served as vice president, director of rich media for MRM Worldwide, following over eight years with G2 Direct and Digital (formerly Grey Direct), forming its Flash development department in 1998 and serving as display advertising group director. He also spent nearly a dozen years playing bass clarinet for the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra. News of Lowenstern’s departure coincides with Steven Moy joining R/GA as U.S. chief technology officer. It also comes while the agency is pitching for the Lay’s creative account, along with BBDO, CP+B, TBWA\Chiat\Day and Deep Focus and follows the expansion of its relationship with Samsung earlier this spring. Comments < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive information and updates on Adweek Events, Awards, and Promotions Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). Send an anonymous tip 
				 Advertisement Featured Jobs Sales & Editorial Assistant Haymarket Media Group New York City, New York Director of Marketing, Publishing The Optical Society Washington D.C. Advertising Sales Professionals - be a Business Owner in Travel Media TravelHost Take control of your finances and your schedule Sales Manager, Industry Relations The Optical Society Washington, DC Audience Development Marketing Coordinator Lebhar-Friedman Inc. New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Network TVNewser TVSpy AgencySpy Fishbowl Social Pro Daily More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Reviews Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Save money and time by using Cortana on Microsoft Edge browser 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Jun 9, 2017 at 19:03 GMT11 hours ago Microsoft today announced a new Cortana experience on Edge web browser that will help you save money and time during online shopping. This new Cortana feature will help users find the best pricing for the product they are viewing on Edge. Currently this feature supports 14 retailers including Amazon, Walmart, and eBay, within the US. Microsoft is planning to increase the availability and the number of retailers they support in the coming months. For example, if you visit Surface Pro listing on Amazon, Cortana will notify that Surface Pro is now available for lower price on different retailer. Users can then click on the Cortana icon, the product information will be displayed in the right pane within the same window. Cortana will notify you if the relevant details are available only at the time of your visit. If you are looking for something that will automatically notify you when the price of a particular product comes down, check out Microsoft’s Personal Shopping Assistant extension. PSA automatically capture and save product information from product pages you browse. You can additionally save products you love to “Favorites” and get notified when their prices change. Check it out here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related Best pricing Cortana edge microsoft Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Intel patent roadblock may cripple Windows on ARM by Pradeep 0 Trending Windows 10 Fall Creators Update’s latest Insider release packs a new Action Center, Emoji Picker, new ke... by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 51: The Windows 10 Fall Creators Update Gets Its Biggest Build Yet by Andrew Bennett on June 9, 2017 The latest Windows 10 PC build for Windows Insiders is absolutely huge, and brings in just about everything but the kitchen sink – there’s a new emoji picker, Fluent Design has s... Subscribe Now Advertisement Windows 10 HTC considering bringing its Viveport VR Subscription Service to other VR platforms by Greg Jordan on June 10, 2017 Windows 10 Build 16215 brings significant accessibility improvements including c... by Surur Windows Phone’s Continuum will soon be able to replace your laptop by Mehedi Hassan Save money and time by using Cortana on Microsoft Edge browser by Pradeep Microsoft testing a new conversation-based UI for Cortana in Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan Advertisement Deals Deal: Save up to $280 on select HP PCs from Microsoft You can now save up to $280 on select HP PCs from Microsoft Store US. HP’s thinnest convertible Spectre x360 13 with a 7th Gen Intel Core i7 processor and 256GB SSD is now available... Battlefield 1 Early Enlister Deluxe Edition available for only $39.95 Battlefield 1 Early Enlister Deluxe Edition is now available for 33% off over on online retailer Amazon’s website. Battlefield 1 brings the franchise back in time, taking it from the m... Deal: Save up to 25% on select SanDisk memory products You can save up to 25% on select SanDisk memory products from Amazon as part of their Deal of the Day promotion. For example, you can get SanDisk Ultra Flair USB 3.0 128GB Flash Drive High P... Amazon E3 Deal: 20% off select gaming accessories and more You can now get 20% off select gaming accessories from Amazon as part of their E3 sale. This sale includes accessories from Logitech, Razer, HyperX and more. Some of the products available o... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB and Type Cover bundle for $660 You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4GB RAM for $660. In addition, you can also get a Black Type Cover for free along with this purchase. You need to s... Deal: Save $400 on the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book You can now get the entry-level Surface Book device for just $1,100 from Amazon US. This Surface Book model comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM and 128GB storage. Surface Book weighs... Deal: Save $328 on Microsoft Surface Pro 4 bundle in the US You can now save up to $328.95 on Surface Pro 4 bundle from Microsoft Store in the US. This bundle includes Surface Pen, Surface Pro 4 Type Cover (Black), Arc Touch Mouse Surface Edition, Mi... Acer announces curved 35-inch 21:9 UltraWide monitor targeting gamers Acer has now announced Acer Predator Z35P, a gaming monitor featuring a massive 35-inch 21:9 UltraWide WQHD (3440×1440) 1800r curved display. A 4ms response time, 2,500:1 native contr... Surface Pro 4 receives a price cut ahead of the launch of new Surface Pro device Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of up to $150 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the United States. For example, you can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SS... Deal: Save up to £665 on Surface Book and get Bowers & Wilkins P3 Series 2... Microsoft Store is now offering a huge discount on select Surface Book devices in the UK. You can get £375 discount on the Surface Book Intel Core i7, 512GB SSD, 16GB RAM /dGPU model and a ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC | Survey Monkey Small Business Survey Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Amazon going after lower-income customers might not work, analyst says Amazon has announced it will offer a discount on its monthly Prime membership rate for people who receive government assistance. But Wall Street remains skeptical these bets for the e-commerce giant will pay off. Based on Gordon Haskett's data, the average household income for Amazon Prime members is around $90,000 annually. Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Fred Greaves | Reuters An employee secures customers' orders with bubble wrap before they are shipped at the Amazon Fulfillment Center in Tracy, Calif. Retailers' battle to win a greater share of consumers rages on. This time, an e-commerce giant is going after less-affluent shoppers, but Wall Street remains skeptical these bets will pay off. Earlier this week, Amazon.com announced it will offer a discount on its monthly Prime membership rate for people who receive government assistance — what's been viewed as a move to target lower-income shoppers who make the majority of their purchases from the aisles of Wal-Mart, Dollar General and Dollar Tree. People who have a valid benefits card, which would be used for programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or food stamps, will now pay $5.99 per month for Amazon Prime, the company said. A typical membership costs $99 a year, but there's also a $10.99-per-month option. What's worth noting is that roughly 80 percent of surveyed consumers already "not willing" to pay the current $10.99 monthly Prime fee still won't pay the lower $5.99 rate, Gordon Haskett analyst Chuck Grom wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. "This is much higher than we would have expected, and suggests across-the-board adoption is certainly not imminent." Grom said he surveyed 500 shoppers who bring home less than $40,000 annually to ask them about their willingness to take advantage of Amazon's new deal. Only 26 percent of those surveyed this week by Gordon Haskett were already Prime members, he said. This is a considerably smaller portion than the estimated 46 percent of all U.S. households that were Prime members last year, according to a 2016 report from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. "While the Prime news certainly falls into the 'risk bucket' for the low-end retailers, we see the concerns (and recent negative stock reactions) as a bit overblown," Grom wrote, referencing the fact that shares of Dollar Tree and Dollar General pulled back on Amazon's latest news. Based on Gordon Haskett's data, the average household income for Amazon Prime members is around $90,000 annually. Of the 369 respondents surveyed by the firm who say they aren't currently Prime Members, only a little more than 21 percent, or 78 people, are willing to spend $10.99 per month to join. Of the 291 respondents who say they are unwilling to pay the $10.99 rate, only 21 percent, or 61 people, would consider paying the discounted $5.99 price tag. "We believe the fear and stock reaction of these retailers since the announcement is overblown, given ... just 21% of respondents would now consider Prime because of the new discount," Grom wrote. One factor that should be considered is the fact that customers must use their own funds, not government assistance, to cover the Prime membership cost. A lack of internet access could also pose a problem. And many of Amazon's food or household essential products tag on additional fees when purchased. Amazon is only just beginning to test this offering in select markets, "putting the potential for a national rollout years away," Grom said. This, as other big-box retailers like Target and Costco are constantly trying to sweeten their offerings to attract a larger consumer base. The retail wars see another day. Read: Trump's plan to slash food stamp assistance could be a major setback for these retailers Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change TGT --- WMT --- DLTR --- DG --- AMZN ---
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Popular and untrue: A look at what didn't happen this week Politics The Associated Press · Jun 9, 2017 White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks during a daily press briefing at the White House in Washington, Thursday, Feb. 23, 2017. Manuel Balce Ceneta | AP File A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL: Spicer: "POTUS Didn't Misspell 'Covfefe' - As Head Of State, He Has The Legal Power To Decide How English Is Spelled" THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Donald Trump "and a small group of people" knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as "one of the perks of being president." NOT REAL: New York mosque burns flag: Should they be punished? THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. NOT REAL: Red Alert: People Are Injecting HIV Blood Into Bananas THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Walmart bananas being tainted with HIV blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn't know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Walmart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo. NOT REAL: Indiana Woman Gives Birth To 11 Baby Boys WITHOUT C-Section Delivery THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children's Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn't employ a doctor named in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. NOT REAL: Massive bumble bee recall after 2 employees admit to cooking a man and mixing him with a batch of tuna THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle charges. The death didn't cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. Stay Informed Subscribe to our politics newsletter. Email Address* Zip Code See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Metro traffic woes: weekend's not bad, then Monday 59 minutes ago Next Piano-playing bear strikes chord at Colo. apartment 8 minutes ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton Journal West State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Reader's Choice E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 64° Clear Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Sunny. High 87F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 66F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 10, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton Journal West State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Reader's Choice Close 1 of 3 The Associated Press FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2012, file photo, Bangladeshi Muslims burn a U.S. flag and a coffin of U.S. President Barack Obama during a protest in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that this photo was included in several hoax stories about a protest at a New York City mosque. (AP Photo/A.M. Ahad, File) The Associated Press FILE - In this March 24, 2017, file photo, White House press secretary Sean Spicer gestures while speaking to the media during the daily briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming Spicer told reporters President Donald Trump has the power to change the way English words are spelled is a hoax. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File) The Associated Press FILE - This Oct. 15, 2012, file photo shows the front of the Bumble Bee tuna processing plant in Santa Fe Springs, Calif. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming that a recall of Bumble Bee tuna was prompted by the Oct. 2012 death of a worker at the plant is a hoax. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, File) AP NOT REAL NEWS: NY Mosque burning flags, bad blood in bananas By The Associated Press 13 hrs ago (…) A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: +2  FILE - In this March 24, 2017, file photo, White House press secretary Sean Spicer gestures while speaking to the media during the daily briefing in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming Spicer told reporters President Donald Trump has the power to change the way English words are spelled is a hoax. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File) The Associated Press NOT REAL: Spicer: "POTUS Didn't Misspell 'Covfefe' - As Head Of State, He Has The Legal Power To Decide How English Is Spelled" THE FACTS: The story shared widely by uspoln.com correctly quotes the White House press secretary as saying President Donald Trump "and a small group of people" knew the meaning of a word widely believed to be a typo in a tweet. The satire site then attributed several other quotes to Spicer that he did not say, including assertions that Trump was legally permitted to decide how English words are spelled, as "one of the perks of being president." +2  FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2012, file photo, Bangladeshi Muslims burn a U.S. flag and a coffin of U.S. President Barack Obama during a protest in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that this photo was included in several hoax stories about a protest at a New York City mosque. (AP Photo/A.M. Ahad, File) The Associated Press NOT REAL: NEW YORK MOSQUE BURNS FLAG: SHOULD THEY BE PUNISHED? THE FACTS: The story shared by numerous websites claims Muslims criticized Trump during a flag burning in late May outside a New York City mosque. Some versions include an AP photo of a crowd of people burning a U.S. flag. The photo was taken in 2012 in Bangladesh, where Muslims protested the release of a film they felt was anti-Islam. Another photo depicting the supposed leader of the mosque is actually a picture of British Muslim activist Anjem Choudary. NOT REAL: RED ALERT: People Are Injecting HIV Blood Into BANANAS THE FACTS: Numerous false stories of Walmart bananas being tainted with HIV blood have circulated online in recent weeks, some with attached photos of bananas with reddish streaks. Walmart spokeswoman Molly Blakeman tells the AP the retail giant doesn't know of any illnesses such as HIV linked to bananas purchased there. Walmart says the red streaks seen in some bananas come from a naturally occurring, harmless bacterial growth known as mokillo . NOT REAL: Indiana Woman Gives Birth To 11 Baby Boys WITHOUT C-Section Delivery THE FACTS: The story posted by a website named Universe of Nature claimed what would have been an extraordinary birth took place at Riley Children's Hospital in Indianapolis. Hospital spokeswoman Whitney Ertel tells the AP the hospital has never delivered 11 babies during a single birth, and doesn't employ a doctor named in the story on its labor and delivery team. Similar false stories have been circulating online for several years, including one about a woman in India delivering 11 babies at once. +2  FILE - This Oct. 15, 2012, file photo shows the front of the Bumble Bee tuna processing plant in Santa Fe Springs, Calif. The AP reported on June 9, 2017, that a story claiming that a recall of Bumble Bee tuna was prompted by the Oct. 2012 death of a worker at the plant is a hoax. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, File) The Associated Press NOT REAL: Massive Bumble Bee recall after two workers admit cooking a man and mixing him in with batch of tuna THE FACTS: A worker was in fact killed when he got trapped in a massive pressure cooker at a Bumble Bee facility in California in October 2012; two workers pleaded guilty to charges related to the death and the seafood giant paid $6 million to settle charges. The death didn't cause any recalls of the tuna, however, despite claims in stories shared recently by numerous websites. This new weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press' ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. Tags Business General News Islam Religion Social Affairs Sections Home News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Contact us Advertise Log in Dash Home News Features Columns Photos Radio Talk of Takoma Community Classifieds Public Notices About Meet the Voice Advertise Contact What's Happening in Takoma January 20, 2017 | Sen. Obama visits Silver Spring January 5, 2017 | Takoma Park Mobilization to defend marginalized groups June 9, 2017 | I am Takoma: the VFW June 9, 2017 | A Moveable Feast: Scenes from Takoma Trukgarten June 8, 2017 | Rally in Annapolis calls for state to join Climate Alliance June 8, 2017 | For Maryland’s northern counties, the economic riddle is blending the old with the new June 6, 2017 | GRANOLAPARK: Columbus kicked to the curb June 6, 2017 | In Western Maryland, ‘whales’ are out and a fight over fracking reveals divergent economic visions June 4, 2017 | Purple Line judge dismisses demand for more research June 4, 2017 | Takoma Park Mobilization “invigorates a sense of activism” June 3, 2017 | In Maryland politics, the war on rural is dead — long live the war on rural? June 3, 2017 | El Salvador consulate moves to Silver Spring Search for: Home News In Western Maryland, ‘whales’ are out and a fight over fracking reveals divergent economic visions A pro-Trump trailer still sits alongside I-68 in Allegany County. Coal has been mined in Western Maryland since the late 1800s, but few believe the area’s economic future lies in mining.(Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Posted By: Helen Lyons June 6, 2017 By: J F Meils CUMBERLAND, Maryland — Allegany and Garrett, the state’s two westernmost counties, tend to be lumped together as “Mountain Maryland,” their problems similar, their prospects equally muddled. But the two counties’ economic issues — and their approaches to solving them — differ starkly. In Allegany, many problems stem from the legacy of past reliance on “whales,” big employers with large numbers of good-paying jobs that lay waste to communities when they leave. In Garrett, a place that has always relied on natural resources to power its economy, the question is not whether to keep doing that, but how. What both counties have in common is urgency. If they don’t rebuild their economies in ways that generate more living-wage jobs soon, their youngest residents will continue to flee, making it that much harder to attract the very companies that could keep them close to home. Small is beautiful Kelly Springfield Tires, Selney’s Nylon, Pittsburgh Plate Glass — all were economic goliaths in Allegany County last century. And all left or downsized massively, wreaking havoc on an area whose economic lifeblood has long pumped through two ventricles: big manufacturers and coal. The decline of both is still being felt. According to 2015 U.S. Census estimates, Allegany has a median household income of just over $40,000, with 20 percent of its 70,000 residents living in poverty, making it the second-poorest county in Maryland, behind only Somerset on the Eastern Shore. “We decided we weren’t going to be looking for large-employment companies anymore because when they move out, it’s a huge hit,” said County Commissioner William Valentine, R-Allegany. The idea, according to Valentine, is to target companies that will hire, or grow to, about 200-300 employees. “It’s a better fit for rural,” he added. The coal-powered Verso paper and pulp factory in Luke is a vestige of Allegany’s past. “I worry if that factory closes, this town dies,” said William Valentine, an Allegany County commissioner. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Part of the strategy to attract businesses is construction of ready-made work space in the county’s industrial parks, lowering the expense, time and regulatory hassle of setting up in a new location. However, of Allegany’s seven commercial parks, only five are full or mostly so. And the county’s newest structure, a 40,000-square-foot shell building in Barton Business Park finished in 2016, sits empty. In a strange twist, there’s no dearth of jobs in Allegany. A recent search of all available jobs in the county on Maryland’s Workforce Exchange website returned more than 750 open positions. So how does a place with 7 percent unemployment where one in five residents lives in poverty have hundreds of unfilled jobs? While most of Allegany’s business parks are full or close to capacity, the new 40,000 sq. foot shell building in the Barton Business Park has yet to attract a tenant. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) The short answer: Most of the area’s new jobs don’t pay as much as the old ones because they tend to be in the service sector. And many don’t come with benefits, making them less attractive to job seekers. According to the Maryland Department of Commerce, Allegany’s top five employers are Western Maryland Health System, the area’s two universities, Hunter Douglas and CSX Transportation — all of which are employers that tend to offer jobs with living wages and benefits. Among the next 10 largest employers are Rocky Gap Casino Resort, Walmart, Giant supermarkets and McDonald’s — companies that typically offer seasonal or part-time jobs with lower wages and limited benefits. On paper, Allegany has a fairly diverse economic portfolio. In addition to two higher education facilities and a large healthcare operator, Rocky Gap Casino Resort is expected to contribute more than $1.8 million to county coffers in 2017. That’s a 57 percent increase in the county’s gaming revenues from 2014, the casino’s first full year of operation. Allegany is also home to two state prisons, the North Branch and Western Correctional Institutions. While contentious in the county, the prisons are an undeniable source of employment, providing more than 1,000 jobs according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services. They’re also financed by the state to the tune of $120 million, a portion of which ends up in the hands of local businesses that support peripheral prison operations and cater to correctional employees. And though prisons might not be the side Allegany wants to show visitors, its biggest single tourist draw is a music festival that takes place right next to its correctional complex, at the county fairgrounds. The Northern Branch and Western prisons sit in a beautiful valley where one of Allegany’s former “whales,” Selney’s nylon factory, once lived. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) DelFest, an annual four-day bluegrass music festival that happens each Memorial Day at the county fairgrounds, draws 30,000 people and includes marquee acts like the Trey Anastasio Band, which headlined this year’s event for the second year in a row. “DelFest has been a godsend for economic development,” said Barbara Buehl, director of tourism for Allegany County, who couldn’t put a dollar figure on what the festival brings to the county, but called it “significant.” Another hopeful source of revenue for Allegany is medical marijuana. The county already has agreements in place for a newly licensed dispensary and producer, according to Valentine. The county is also in discussions with Grow West MD, a medical marijuana grower that ran into resistance when it tried to set up shop next door in Garrett County. Valentine doesn’t anticipate many jobs from the three potential medical marijuana operators coming to the county, maybe 50 positions combined. But ancillary businesses including records storage, equipment supply and shipping could mean another 200 or so jobs in an industry that seems likely to grow with time. The final piece in Allegany’s economic puzzle and, tellingly, the one that usually comes up last in discussions about the county’s future, is coal. According to the 2013 report by the Maryland Bureau of Mines, the most recent available, Allegany produced about 930,000 tons of coal and employed 227 people. In 1907, when coal production peaked in Allegany, more than 5,700 people were employed in the local coal industry, which produced 4.5 million tons that year. “Coal is not as important, that’s a fact,” said Sen. George Edwards, R-Garrett, Allegany, Washington. “But it’s still an important part from the standpoint that it does employ people and it does pay good wages and benefits and contributes to the economy.” But less and less going back decades. It’s proceeding more slowly, but coal in Western Maryland is going the way of the area’s whales, a boom whose bust will probably still be felt years from now. The one-percent war Garrett, Maryland’s westernmost county, gets almost all its TV from Pittsburgh or West Virginia. It is beautiful and remote and people there treasure it for both those qualities. But Maryland’s expiring moratorium on hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, brought out the ugly in Garrett. A view of Wisp ski resort near the northern tip of Deep Creek Lake in Garrett County. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) “I can say unequivocally this is the most controversial issue we’ve ever dealt with,” said County Commissioner Paul Edwards, R-Garrett, who is the son of Sen. George Edwards, before Gov. Larry Hogan announced his support for a statewide fracking ban on March 17. But while Hogan settled the fracking debate for now, the schism it opened between the county’s farmers and the Deep Creek tourism industry is not closing anytime soon. According to a September 2016 OpinionWorks survey commissioned by the Chesapeake Climate Action Network, 56 percent of Garrett County residents were in favor of a fracking ban with 28 percent opposed and 15 percent unsure. Hogan, whose 2014 election was made possible in part by rural voters, was formerly in favor of fracking, saying in an October 2016 meeting with the Baltimore Sun’s editorial board that the state was sitting on a “goldmine” of natural gas in Western Maryland. By passing a ban in Maryland, “We’re just deciding to do hydraulic fracturing in other states,” said Billy Bishoff, president of Garrett County’s Farm Bureau and an outspoken supporter of fracking. A fracking site near Berlin, Pennsylvania, just over the northern border of Garrett County. The site is small but still produces about 50,000 cubic feet of natural gas a day. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Farmers like Bishoff are feeling the squeeze from the rise in property prices around Deep Creek Lake, a major economic engine for the county. Fracking could help farmers produce income to keep up with rising property taxes, he said, driven by the rise in property prices. “I came to the conclusion that I was going to be the last generation to farm my family’s land because Deep Creek (Lake) was driving up prices to such a point that farming there would no longer be practical for another generation,” Bischoff said. The homes around Deep Creek Lake, most of them weekend places, contribute about 55 percent of all Garrett property taxes, according to Scott Weeks, the director of financial services for the county. The “lake people,” as they’re sometimes called, also don’t use many county resources, including schools, which makes them particularly valuable to Garrett’s budget, currently about $75 million for 2017. And while second-home owners were not very engaged in the recent fracking battle, the businesses that depend on them were. “This county needs something more than tourism,” said Steve Green, owner of High Mountain Sports, whose store is on Deep Creek Lake. “But if you bring in fracking, it’s going to destroy or significantly disable tourism, so you’re worse off than when you started.” Farmer and anti-fracking activist Kim Alexander on her farm near Friendsville. “Economy and ecology go hand in hand,” said Alexander. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Some argue that relative size of Garrett’s tourist industry is not quite equal to its outsized influence in the county. “Leisure and hospitality represent the second-biggest percentage of our labor force, but the sixth-biggest income producer,” said Alex McCoy, head of economic development for Garrett County. “That’s because the average weekly wage for (tourism) is low.” For those who organized locally against fracking, including Engage Mountain Maryland and Citizen Shale, the issue was much more than economic. “The real problem was that our local government considered fracking an option,” said Mark Stutzman, president and co-founder of Engage Mountain Maryland. “They didn’t have the wherewithal, the logic, to look at the issue from a fact-based perspective to say this does not work for our area. What we have here is already working.” Mark Stutzman, illustrator and president of Engage Mountain Maryland, an anti-fracking group, stands in front of a mural he painted in Oakland, Md. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) Stutzman’s sentiment was not shared by many of Garrett’s politicians. Sen. Edwards, who has represented Western Maryland in Annapolis as a delegate or senator for 34 years, was for fracking, as were just about all the county commissioners from Garrett and Allegany. “We’re not gonna try to do something that knowingly damages the environment where we live,” Edwards said, before Hogan’s announcement. According to the Maryland Department of Natural Resources, all of Garrett sits on the gas-rich Marcellus shale. Despite being on the “fairway” in extraction terms, the amount of natural gas that could be pulled from the entirety of Western Maryland is thought to be just over 1 percent of the total gas locked in the Marcellus, per the U.S. Geological Survey. Two generations of Bishoffs on their family farm near Friendsville in Garrett County. Billy (far right) is the president of the Garrett County Farm Bureau and was for fracking. (Photo by J.F. Meils/Capital News Service) The amount is still significant, about 629 billion cubic feet of “recoverable” natural gas in Garrett alone, according to a 2010 assessment by U.S. Energy Information Administration. That translates to about $88 billion, at current rates. “Natural resource development is common for a lot of people who grew up here, whether that’s coal, timber or farming,” said Shawn Bender, a vice president at Beitzel Corp., an industrial construction and services firm that is the second biggest employer in Garrett, according the Maryland Department of Commerce. Besides tourism and harvesting the area’s resources, Garrett doesn’t have a lot of options. Like Allegany, it fell victim to “whales,” the most recent of which was Bausch + Lomb, which closed its plant in Oakland, the county seat, in 1996, laying off about 600 people and sucking the economic air out of the county for years to come. Last year’s hotel/motel tax revenue was an all-time high of $2.4 million, which speaks to the continued strength of the area’s appeal. But how much more can tourism grow? And will that suddenly mean better-paying jobs than normally come with tourism? Until that happens or Garrett develops new sources of economic growth, the area’s resources will likely continue to be pursued as they always have. Just not by way of fracking. SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "In Western Maryland, ‘whales’ are out and a fight over fracking reveals divergent economic visions" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Categories Columns Features News Photos Radio Uncategorized June 9, 2017 I am Takoma: the VFW The VFW (local clubhouse of the Veterans of Foreign Wars) is one of Takoma Park’s best kept secrets around the Capital area. Located at the… More June 9, 2017 A Moveable Feast: Scenes from Takoma Trukgarten June 8, 2017 Rally in Annapolis calls for state to join Climate Alliance June 8, 2017 For Maryland’s northern counties, the economic riddle is blending the old with the new June 6, 2017 GRANOLAPARK: Columbus kicked to the curb Instagram feeds Load More... Follow on Instagram Contact us Advertise Log in Dash Copyright 2017 | MH Newsdesk by MH Themes Array ( [marginTop] => 100 [pageURL] => [page] => [width] => 292 [height] => 300 [alignment] => left [color_scheme] => light [header] => header [footer] => footer [border] => true [scrollbar] => scrollbar [linkcolor] => #2EA2CC ) Please Fill Out The TW Feeds Slider Configuration First
Subscribe | Sign in. 72° Fair See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars Archive for Friday, June 9, 2017 KU Innocence Project helps free man from prison after wrongful robbery conviction Email Print Facebook Tweet Post a comment By Staff Reports June 9, 2017, 12:18 p.m. Updated June 9, 2017, 1:36 p.m. Advertisement A University of Kansas law school effort helped free a wrongfully convicted man from prison this week. Richard Jones was released from prison on Thursday, after his robbery conviction was overturned in Johnson County District Court the previous day, according to a news release from the Midwest Innocence Project and the KU School of Law’s Paul E. Wilson Project for Innocence. Jones had served 17 years of a 19-year sentence for an aggravated robbery conviction stemming from a 1999 purse-snatching at a Walmart parking lot. “Richard Jones has declared his innocence for more than 16 years, with the support of a number of lawyers, investigators and law students, including the Midwest Innocence Project,” Alice Craig, attorney for Jones and professor at KU’s Project for Innocence, said in the release. “We are thankful that a court finally joined him in that declaration.” Jones had previously exhausted his appeals, but the court found that Jones was entitled to relief to prevent a manifest injustice, according to the release. The Midwest Innocence Project and the KU Project for Innocence took on his case as a joint venture. According to the organizations, Jones was convicted based solely on eyewitness identification despite having a verified alibi. On Wednesday his attorneys presented evidence that it was likely another man who committed the crime and showed “flawed” practices used in police lineups that contributed to Jones’ original conviction. In a bench ruling, Judge Kevin Moriarty ruled it was more likely than not that no reasonable juror would have found Jones guilty in light of the new evidence, according to the organizations. Craig, in the release, summarized the problem this way: “Witnesses were presented with no other option but to choose Jones in the lineups as created. None of the other photos matched the description provided by the witnesses.” In his ruling this week, according to the release, the judge noted that in one lineup, Jones was the only “light-skinned individual,” and that in a second lineup, four of the six suspects had blue eyes, even though none of the witnesses had described the assailant as having blue eyes. In 2016, the Kansas Legislature passed a law requiring law enforcement to adopt a written policy regarding eyewitness identification procedures to reduce wrongful convictions. The Midwest Innocence Project is a not-for-profit corporation aimed at investigating and exonerating cases of wrongful conviction. In addition to its partnership with the KU Innocence Project, the organization also partners with students and lawyers at the University of Missouri law schools in Kansas City and Columbia to help research cases. The KU Innocence Project has won more than 40 direct appeals, constitutional challenges and actual innocence cases since 2008, according to KU. Copyright 2017 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published. Print Favorite Comment E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: More like this story on LJWorld.com Wrongfully convicted prisoner released Wrongfully convicted Floyd Bledsoe seeks videotaped interrogations in Kansas DNA testing frees man after 27 years in prison Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Login/Signup loading... Most discussed Most e-mailed Allegations of wrongdoing between Lawrence City Commission candidates continue June 9, 2017 · 20 comments Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation June 8, 2017 · 21 comments Trump won't say if Comey conversations were taped June 9, 2017 · 7 comments Kris Kobach enters 2018 race for Kansas governor June 8, 2017 · 32 comments Drawing Attention: Kobach as governor could be worse than Brownback June 9, 2017 · 6 comments Blog: Development group wins legal victory related to downtown grocery store; Price Chopper project expected to gain steam June 7, 2017 · 21 comments Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, dismaying allies June 1, 2017 · 77 comments Lawmakers override Brownback veto of tax overhaul June 6, 2017 · 37 comments Letter to the editor: ‘Fool me twice’ folks June 8, 2017 · 19 comments Letter to the editor: Trump unfairly treated June 7, 2017 · 22 comments More Former KU standout Ben McLemore eager to take next step in NBA career June 9, 2017 Lawrence students reflect on appearances at Scripps National Spelling Bee June 7, 2017 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online Store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC | Survey Monkey Small Business Survey Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Taxes Politics Elections White House Congress Law Taxes Tax reform needs to be about more than a tax cut We only get the chance to rework the tax code every 30 years. We can't blow it with a small, temporary tax cut. Tax reform needs to be permanent. We need to encourage American companies that operate abroad to return their profits to the U.S. Tax reform should be a vehicle to slow the tide of jobs flowing to other countries. William Simon, former CEO of Walmart U.S. 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Adam Jeffery | CNBC Bill Simon, fmr. president and CEO, Walmart U.S. I grew up near Hartford, Conn. There, we made Pratt & Whitney engines and Colt firearms. We were proud of the things our city produced. And if you were lucky enough to work at either factory, you were set. That pride and job security is missing from too many communities today. The manufacturing sector that powered Hartford's economy, and hundreds of small- and mid-sized cities like it, has been eroding for decades. A lot of factors contributed to that decline. Our tax code is one of the most overlooked. For decades, our tax system has helped encourage businesses to ship jobs overseas or import products from lower-wage countries, often at the expensive of American workers who produce similar goods. The American economy is a lot like a puzzle. Government creates the pieces through regulations and the tax code, and business leaders move the pieces around to maximize returns for our shareholders. Too often the solution to that puzzle hurt the workers we need to protect. "We only get the chance to rework the tax code every 30 years. We shouldn't blow it by passing a small rate cut that expires in a few years." That is why I was so optimistic earlier this year when tax-writers at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue promised to correct the code's fundamental preference for foreign workers, not just lower rates. The initial effort now looks stalled, as policy makers haggle over the details and industry groups marshal opposition to proposals they don't like. That is why I think it is important for Congress and the White House to step back and rally around some shared principles that will make a real difference for American businesses and workers. First, tax reform needs to be permanent. We only get the chance to rework the tax code every 30 years. We shouldn't blow it by passing a small rate cut that expires in a few years. Businesses need more certainty to make the kind of long-term investments that fuel robust economic growth and sustained job creation. Second, we need to encourage American companies that operate abroad to return their profits to the U.S. The best way to do that is to stop taxing capital earned in other markets at the same 35 percent rate we apply to business income here in the U.S. We are one of the few developed countries on Earth to discourage companies with a global footprint from investing here in the U.S. And finally, tax reform should be a vehicle to slow the tide of jobs flowing to other countries. Our existing tax system is an engine to offshore wealth. Americans continue to consume more and more foreign-made products that used to be made here. The migration of those jobs has hollowed out communities throughout the country. Tax reform is a chance to correct past mistakes, if policy makers create additional incentives for businesses to invest in their workers and their supply chains. That is why I support the House's border adjustment; the proposal seeks to level the playing field for American businesses and their workers. Other ideas can accomplish that goal, but it's the right objective. I watched this migration of American jobs firsthand as the chief executive officer of Walmart. In the 1980s and 90s, lower labor rates in global markets and $12-a-barrel oil combined with a tax code that rewarded offshore manufacturing resulted in a stampede of manufacturing jobs out of the U.S. Today, the difference in labor costs has diminished and transportation costs have reversed. The math has changed. Our antiquated tax code is the only thing holding back a manufacturing renaissance in the U.S. because it incents the wrong behavior. These trends are one of the reasons I launched a manufacturing initiative at Walmart to help promote the sourcing of products made here in the U.S. That campaign has been a clear success, and one of the biggest reasons for that success is that it works financially. Businesses benefit from a shorter supply chain. It takes a lot less time to buy something from a factory across town than it does to buy something from a factory on the other side of the world. At Walmart, we often placed orders a full calendar year before we intended to sell something. More to the point, investing in the local workforce means people in the community have more money to spend on things they need – and things they want. That would be a huge boon for the retail sector, right at the time when they need it. But we will never get there, if the conversation centers entirely on what people are against. I acknowledge that retail would be seriously disadvantaged without a careful transition plan. We can figure it out. We must put forward the effort to change or we will continue to slowly decay. We should take a step back to remind ourselves why we are doing tax reform in the first place. For me, that starts with restoring the pride and security I remember growing up in Hartford when I was a boy, and we made the best guns and airplane engines in the world. Let's bring the jobs back. Let's bring the opportunity back. Let's bring the pride back. Commentary by William "Bill" Simon, who was president and chief executive officer of Walmart U.S. and executive vice-president of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. from 2010 to 2014. He was also the treasurer of JEB 2016. Simon currently teaches as an adjunct professor at Baylor University and is a member of the Baylor Board of Regents. For more insight from CNBC contributors, follow @CNBCopinion on Twitter.
Friday, June 9, 2017 Florida Man Threatens Man With Machete To Go Steal Beer From Walmart MERRITT ISLAND, Florida - A Florida man is in jail after he allegedly threatened another man with a machete to make him to steal beer from a Walmart in Merritt Island, Florida. The victim was inside his friend's boat in a wooded area near Kiwanis Island park that is just west of the Walmart Supercenter located at 1500 East Merritt Island Causeway. According to Brevard County Sheriff's deputies, 51-year-old Michael Richard Laplante approached the boat around 9:30 p.m. on Thursday and pulled a long metal machete with a serrated edge from a duffel bag.  Laplante then allegedly demanded that the victim give him a bicycle that was inside the boat and ordered the victim to take the bicycle from the wooded area to Merritt Island Causeway. After the two men had cleared the woods, Laplante ordered the victim to go inside the nearby Walmart and steal two six packs of beer, according to the arrest affidavit. The victim then walked towards the Walmart but went inside Molly's Seafood Shack, a restaurant adjacent to the Walmart parking lot, and called law enforcement. The responding deputies were able to locate Laplante and also recovered the machete. Laplante was charged with kidnapping and robbery with a weapon. He was booked into the Brevard County Jail under a no bond status. Laplante, a homeless Florida man, listed his address at Our Saviour's Church in Cocoa Beach, Florida. Photo credit: Brevard County Sheriff's Office MORE FLORIDA MAN STORIES: Florida Man Bites Dog, Then Brother Florida Man Jailed After Reporting For Jury Duty Drunk, Supreme Court Reverses Florida Man Pulls Bull Shark From Ocean For Photos Man Shot Over Argument Whether Florida Or Ohio Strip Clubs Are Better Florida Man Arrested For Throwing Alligator Into Wendy's Drive-Thru Florida Burglar Killed By Alligator When Fleeing Deputies Labels: Florida, Florida Man, FloridaMan, Merritt Island, Walmart Older Post Privacy Policy Contact Us Content redistribution use policy Copyright 2011-2017 BrevardTimes.com. All rights Reserved.
null
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Subscribe Site Site Archive Violent crime and the future of the Victor Valley Friday Jun 9, 2017 at 9:00 AM Jun 9, 2017 at 9:00 AM By Joseph W. Brady Across a five-day period during the last week of May, the parking lots of three top High Desert retailers in each of the Victor Valley’s three largest cities were the scene of gun violence. On May 26th, a fatal shooting believed to have resulted from a drug deal gone awry took place at the Home Depot in Victorville. Three days later on Memorial Day, a man was shot in the back of the head in front of a Super Target store in Apple Valley, followed by a fatal police-involved shooting stemming from a car theft incident at the Hesperia Wal-Mart store. The good news is that in each of these three cases the perpetrators were apprehended, shot or killed by law enforcement personnel shortly after committing their crimes. The bad news is that these lifelong criminals were loose on our streets to wreak havoc, spreading fear among our citizens and feeding the perception among potential investors and employers that the High Desert is an unsafe place in which to conduct business. The bloody manner in which the month of May ended in our community should be viewed as a wake-up call to local and regional leaders. The clear message is that we need to take back our Valley from the criminal element that runs increasingly rampant through our homes, neighborhoods, shops and public spaces. Neither the press, nor the business community, nor the law-abiding citizens that still comprise the majority of our population are responsible for the circumstances we now confront. It is no secret that the High Desert, with its low-cost housing made more abundant by the market crash of 2008, has become a dumping ground for individuals for whom crime against others is a way of life. The 2011 passage of AB 109 (Public Safety Realignment), which reduced periods of incarceration and shifted thousands of state inmates to overcrowded county facilities who were, in turn, released to low-cost communities including the High Desert; and Propositions 47 (2014) and 57 (2016), which converted many “non-violent” felonies, including drug and property offenses, to misdemeanors and increased credit for time served, releasing even more criminals onto our streets, are the primary culprits in the jarring transition of our community from a place where hard-working men and women could hope to raise their families in peace and prosperity to a region that is being abandoned by the sons and daughters of these families in search of a safer place to raise their own children. Consider the fact that none of the perpetrators of the three violent crimes that befell our cities at the end of May are strangers to the criminal justice system. The Target and Home Depot shooters have had a combined 15 serious criminal cases in the San Bernardino County court system, not counting their numerous traffic violations. Not surprisingly, many of these arrests were for the very types of offenses, such as drug and property crimes, whose punishment was softened by the above referenced initiatives, which passed with the support of coastal liberals who outnumbered the opposing votes in the communities most likely to be affected by softer sentencing, early prison releases and the reclassification of felonies to misdemeanors. Simply put, every one of these offenders should have been behind bars, not free to roam the streets of our cities, armed and willing to do harm to our citizens. As long as the state’s legislative and executive branches continue to be dominated by liberal coastal elites who outnumber their more conservative counterparts in the valleys and deserts our communities are unlikely to be granted relief by changes in state laws. Instead it is up to us to make a stand to confront the conditions that we now face. With this in mind I am calling for all local officials, as well as county and state officials who represent our region, to convene an emergency public meeting to discuss what are we going to do to take back our Valley and to send a message to the criminal element and to those who continue to desecrate what was once a great place to live, work and play that this type of behavior will no longer be tolerated. We need to increase our vigilance, expand the resources available to law enforcement agencies and fight back against those who would destroy our community. The alternative is to do nothing while our communities fall deeper into deterioration and despair, our efforts to attract new businesses to relocate here increasingly fall on deaf ears and we continue to lose our youth to places where they feel more engaged, more safe and more willing to take risk, even if these new communities are more expensive and further from the towns in which they grew up. Please join me in urging your elected officials to take an immediate stand against the growing violence that afflicts us. Joseph W. Brady, CCIM, SIOR, is president of the Bradco Companies, a Victorville commercial real estate brokerage company, and a Trustee in the Victor Valley Community College District. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 How a New York startup disregarded the law to help get bitcoin off the ground Brian Patrick Eha, Contributor Jun. 9, 2017, 11:41 AM 1,408 facebook linkedin twitter email print Charlie Shrem. Wikimedia Commons In recent weeks, the digital currency bitcoin has experienced a massive rise in price, briefly reaching a new all-time high of more than $2,900. Today the total market value of all cryptocurrencies is more than $100 billion, and there are dozens of 24-hour online exchanges that allow users to swap fiat currencies, such as dollars or euros, for these new digital assets. But in the spring of 2012, financial services for the bitcoin economy were sorely lacking. One startup trying to solve this problem was BitInstant, which helped move digital currency between exchanges and provided customers with bitcoins in exchange for cash deposits at banks and retail stores such as CVS and 7-Eleven. At one point, the New York-based startup was processing fully 30% of all bitcoin transactions.  In this exclusive excerpt from his new book,  How Money Got Free: Bitcoin and the Fight for the Future of Finance,author Brian Patrick Eha provides a glimpse into the devil-may-care attitude of BitInstant's young CEO, Charlie Shrem, and highlights some of the laws that were transgressed in order to get bitcoin off the ground.  In May 2012, having moved into The Yard—its first real office space—BitInstant announced its biggest initiative yet, an expansion of its cash deposit service beyond banks to more than 700,000 retail locations, convenience stores, drugstores, and other outlets across the United States, Russia, and Brazil. One of the chief obstacles to bitcoin adoption by the masses, Charlie Shrem admitted in a press release, was the difficulty of acquiring the digital currency—for most people "a lengthy and confusing process." By partnering with a cash-payments company called ZipZap, BitInstant sought to make bitcoin acquisition easier than ever, so that customers in three of the world's largest economies—Russia, Brazil, and the U.S.—could anonymously exchange their local currency for digital money. In Russia, Qiwi and Cyberplat—networks of cash kiosks—provided the local interface for accessing the BitInstant system. In Brazil, it was Boleto Bancário, enabling cash deposits at bank branches, ATMs, post offices, and even some supermarkets and drugstores. It was Americans, however, who were truly spoiled for choice. Where previously cash deposits to BitInstant had been possible only at the branch offices of four banks—JPMorgan Chase, CitiBank, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America—people could now trade cash for bitcoins, often without providing any personal identifying information, at Walmart, CVS, 7-Eleven, and thousands of local independent stores and money service providers. carlmikoy/Flickr The new deposit network "was just like a different version of the same thing, a better version," says Alex Waters, a developer who later became BitInstant's chief information officer. The whole system, though cumbersome and prone to malfunctioning, was effective; it gave a growing number of bitcoin users a way to acquire digital currency that was more or less anonymous and difficult to trace. It was an initiative worthy of the ambitious role that Shrem, under the influence of his right-hand man, Erik Voorhees, now envisioned for BitInstant; the company described itself as leading "the financial integration of the international, open-source Bitcoin payment network"—of linking up a stateless rogue currency to the vast global banking and payments sector. They drew inspiration from prior revolutions; announcing the new cash deposit network, Shrem declared, "Bitcoin is to money what email is to the Postal Service." And yet, even as BitInstant raced ahead with new services, its compliance with state and federal law lagged behind. In the United States, money services businesses are required to register with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN—the branch of the Treasury Department tasked with fighting money laundering—and to comply with various regulations designed to thwart criminal abuse of their systems. These anti-money laundering and Know Your Customer regulations, as they are collectively known, obligated BitInstant to report any large transactions or suspicious activity to FinCEN and, at the very least, to record the identity of any customer sending or receiving a sum of $3,000 or more. BitInstant had launched in 2011 without any legal protections whatsoever, but on March 26, 2012, the startup belatedly registered with FinCEN as a money services business. On its website, BitInstant announced plainly that it opposed "money laundering, financing terrorism, and all other illegal uses of the Bitcoin network." On the surface, Charlie Shrem seemed to be doing his best to play it straight.  But internal operations didn't always match the veneer of legality. Rachel Yankelevitz, who was hired in the late summer of that year, recalls the slipshod way in which AML and KYC policies were implemented. "At first it was kind of a free-for-all," she says. "There really was no cross-checking [of identities]. People would put in hilarious names"—John Doe and even more obvious fakes. Customers were supposed to be at least 18 years old to use the site, but BitInstant had no way of confirming their ages. Some locations, when customers were making cash deposits, would ask to see identification, but others wouldn't. "I'm sure plenty of people found that one 7-Eleven where they just didn't give a sh-- and would take your money and not care," is how Yankelevitz puts it. Thomson Reuters Indeed, anecdotal evidence suggests that ZipZap cash deposit was the preferred method of acquiring bitcoins among users of the underground drug marketplace Silk Road. It was even more convenient and anonymous than depositing cash at banks. BitInstant did place limits on cash deposits; customers were permitted no more than $1,000 per person per day. But if a friend made the deposit on the user's behalf, or the user accessed BitInstant's website using a new email address and alias, he or she could easily circumvent those restrictions. Charlie Shrem and his team must have known that anyone tech-savvy enough to be using Bitcoin would be able to exploit these loopholes.  Other services, such as transfers between Bitcoin exchanges, were even more permissive, with no monetary limits at all—except for when BitInstant didn't have the funds to accommodate the transfer, so it got stuck, Yankelevitz says. In February 2012, Shrem had paid lip service to AML and KYC policies, saying that even though TradeHill, then the world's second-largest Bitcoin exchange, had lifted its daily withdrawal limits—allowing customers to move their entire balance in one go—anyone transferring $10,000 or more through BitInstant in a single 30-day period would be required to verify their identities. The problem was that U.S. money transmitters—a designation that goes beyond merely being a money services business—are required to obtain a license for just about every state in which they have customers. Forty-seven states, plus the District of Columbia, have these licensing requirements. For BitInstant that would mean complying with 48 sets of requirements, enduring 48 lengthy bureaucratic processes, paying 48 filing fees, and obtaining 48 surety bonds. The costs might vary by state, but they normally total about $200,000—more if the company in question is a bigger risk. And that is far from all. Carlos Barria/Reuters A company seeking a money transmitter license in, for example, New York must also provide audited financial statements; an extensive breakdown of the company's operations; fingerprints of all owners, officers, stockholders, and directors; a two-year projection of business in the state; and much more, while also submitting to a background investigation of its executives. The process was expensive and time-consuming enough to have shut down TradeHill altogether. BitInstant was now in the same position, and Shrem appeared to have learned from TradeHill's fate. But in many respects he and his team played fast and loose with the regulations. Shrem was listed as BitInstant's compliance officer, responsible for ensuring that the company, in addition to registering with FinCEN, abided by all the money transmitter requirements of every state in which it served customers. But there he fell short. New York State, for instance, mandates that a compliance officer must have at least three years of experience performing compliance for a money transmitter or bank, a requirement that Shrem, then twenty-two, didn't meet. But the young CEO chose to keep his startup running rather than close up shop, as TradeHill had, to raise money from investors.  Shrem and his two closest compatriots, Erik Voorhees and Ira Miller—to say nothing of Roger Ver, the startup's libertarian director of business development and primary investor—were young guns of the "move fast and break things" school popularized by Mark Zuckerberg, and they made no more than a passing gesture toward compliance. Neither FinCEN nor the Internal Revenue Service nor any other agency of the U.S. government, whether state or federal, had yet ruled that bitcoin was money, and although the BitInstant leadership believed that it was—in the truest sense—they nevertheless relied on official silence and inattention as air cover for their actions. The status of this new asset class, about which most of the world remained in the dark, was uncertain. "It could be information, could be speech, could be a commodity," Ira said of the lack of consensus in those days. But even those AML and KYC policies to which the company paid lip service were being subverted by its CEO. Shrem, as he fielded customer complaints in the last days of 2011, encountered a 52-year-old BitInstant customer named Robert Faiella, who, on Silk Road, went by the moniker BTCKing. There he was turning a handsome profit reselling bitcoins to other Silk Road users, who wanted to buy drugs but didn't want to go through the hassle—or the exposure—of acquiring bitcoins through normal means. Faiella's operation would later be described by the feds as an unlicensed money transmitting business. When a Silk Road user came to him for, say, $500 in bitcoins, Faiella would place an equivalent order on BitInstant, using the bank cash deposit method, and once the customer had paid up, he would zap the bitcoins to the relevant Silk Road account, minus his own commission. The whole process was fairly convoluted. But it was easy money.  And Charlie Shrem, who soon worked out the nature of Faiella's operation, began helping him make it.   Adapted from the book How Money Got Free: Bitcoin and the Fight for the Future of Finance . © 2017 by Brian Patrick Eha. Reprinted with permission from Oneworld Publications. Get the latest Bitcoin price here. NOW WATCH: Colonel Sanders' nephew revealed the family's secret recipe — here's how to make KFC's 'original' fried chicken Loading video... More: Book Excerpt Bitcoin Cryptocurrencies Brian Patrick Eha facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How a New York startup disregarded the law to help get bitcoin off the ground How a New York startup disregarded the law to help get bitcoin off the ground In recent weeks, the digital currency bitcoin... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured JIM ROGERS: The worst crash in our lifetime is coming More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
msn back to msn home lifestyle search health search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Trending Weight Loss Fitness Nutrition Medical Diabetes Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video AdChoices A Popular Hair Loss Drug Costs 40% More For Women Than Men Time Amanda MacMillan 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why it's OK for parents to kiss their kids on the lips Is plastic surgery after 60 a good idea? © Getty Images Dr. Jules Lipoff was browsing the pharmacy shelves of his local Target when he stumbled across an interesting finding: Ounce for ounce, the women’s version of Rogaine foam-an over-the-counter treatment for hair loss-cost significantly more than the men’s. Men’s and women’s Rogaine are marketed differently but contain the same ingredients. "I thought, maybe this is just a fluke," says Lipoff, assistant professor of dermatology at the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine. "But I went to a couple different stores and saw it was pretty consistent." This Week's Circulars Lipoff and his colleagues then compared prices for Rogaine and its generic version, minoxidil, at 21 pharmacies in four states. Their findings, published in JAMA Dermatology, show that the drug is routinely priced higher when marketed for women. Although they only looked at a specific selection of products, the authors say their paper "may reflect the larger issue of gender-based pricing" for many types of health care. The researchers included Target in their analysis, along with five of the country’s other largest chain pharmacies: CVS, Kroger, Rite Aid, Walgreens and Walmart. From July to November 2016, they recorded the prices, sizes and ingredients of 41 unique minoxidil products at stores in Pennsylvania, New York, Ohio and Indiana. Rogaine’s foam formulas are the company’s newest, most popular products, and at 5% strength, they are FDA-approved for both men and women. But despite having identical formulations, the researchers found a 40% average increase in the price of the women’s foam version ($11.27 per ounce) compared to the men’s ($8.05 per ounce) when sold at these stores. Lower-cost generic versions of minoxidil foam are available. But these products are branded for men only, because Rogaine still owns a patent on the women’s foam formula. A spokesperson for Rogaine told Health that Rogaine foam for men and women are the same price per ounce when purchased directly from the company’s website, and when sold wholesale to pharmacies. "I can’t speak for pricing by individual retailers," he said in an email. A spokesperson for Target said the company was not able to respond by press time. The researchers also looked at topical (liquid) minoxidil, which is available for men and women as Rogaine or a generic. It’s an older version of the medicine and is sold for men at 5% strength and for women at 2%. In this case, even though the men’s formula has more active ingredient, the two versions cost about the same: $7.61 on average for women’s and $7.63 for men’s. "On one hand, we see that women are paying more than men for essentially an identical product," says Lipoff. "And on the other, we see that they’re paying the same as men for something that’s not as effective." Lipoff points out that women’s and men’s versions of these products are sometimes sold in different sizes and quantities, so women may not even realize they’re paying more. To add to the confusion, Rogaine foam is approved for women as a once-daily treatment and for men as a twice-daily treatment-so the same size container is labeled as a two-month supply for women and a one-month supply for men. But doctors may tell women to use the medicine twice a day for better effectiveness. They may also tell women to buy the men’s 5% topical formula instead of the women’s 2%. Lipoff tells his female patients to buy men’s Rogaine because it’s cheaper. "I would also encourage them to seek out generic versions, whatever is least expensive, because the active ingredients are going to be the same," he adds. Gender-based price differences are not new; one 2015 report found that women pay more for personal care products 56% of the time. But since few medications are marketed differently to men and women, it isn’t often that researchers can compare drug costs in this way. Lipoff says the purpose of his study wasn’t to accuse stores of intentional discrimination, but simply to document and make people aware of the real difference in cost. "I also hope we can bring forth a larger issue," he says, "that we should consider how many of our costs in health care-not just medications but things like insurance and medical procedures-could be affected simply by gender." This article was originally published on TIME.com 10 Reasons You're Losing Your Hair (slideshow provided by Muscle & Fitness) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Health & Fitness Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Time Romney Says Hillary Clinton Urged Him to Take Secretary of State Job Time Drinking Water for 15 Million Americans Is Contaminated With a Toxic Chemical, Report Finds Time U.K. Election Delivers a 'Hung Parliament.' What Is That? Time Time View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Disclaimer About Health Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home Election News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Flyers E-edition WEB SIGN-IN B.C. National World LATEST NEWS: Duncan teen’s report of sex assault was false, RCMP say Missing man, 79, found safe, Victoria police say Boy, 12, grabbed by man at bus stop in Saanich Shoe guy offers the needy a leg up with 200 pairs of sneakers Don't change rules to let people sleep in cars: acting Victoria police chief Sightings of second hawk support theory that chicks taken as prey Shoe guy offers the needy a leg up with 200 pairs of sneakers Sarah Petrescu / Times Colonist June 9, 2017 06:00 AM  Times Colonist  Carl, left, and Will Chambers of ShuGuy Ministries sort through bins of new and gently-used donated shoes at the Mustard Seed Street Church on Thursday.   Photograph By DARREN STONE, Times Colonist Previous Next Carl, left, and Will Chambers of ShuGuy Ministries sort through bins of new and gently-used donated shoes at the Mustard Seed Street Church on Thursday. It took about half an hour for 200 pairs of new and gently-used sneakers to be emptied from 22 bins at the Mustard Seed Food Bank Thursday. “This is great. This is what it’s all about,” said Will Chambers in the lobby packed with men and women trying on shoes. Chambers brought the donated sneakers to give out as part of his charity, ShuGuy Ministries, which gives shoes to people who are homeless and in poverty across the Island. Chambers, who lives in Parksville, got the idea to start the charity about three years ago while visiting family in Victoria at Christmas. “This guy walked in front of my car and his shoes were falling apart, duct-taped together. I couldn’t get it out of my head,” he said. So he guessed the man’s shoe size, went to Wal-Mart and bought a pair, then went to find him. “I actually found him and gave him the shoes. They fit. He said: ‘Thanks’ and that he’d never had new shoes,” said Chambers, a registered nurse who works in administration for Nanaimo Community Services. “I few nights later, I lay awake thinking about this and what I could do. So I started researching how to start a registered charity,” Chambers said. That’s when he came up with the idea for ShuGuy Ministries, enlisted his family and friends, created a board and registered as a charity. “We started collecting donations by word-of-mouth and it grew from there,” he said. Frontrunners in Victoria and Nanaimo regularly donates new and used shoes, Chambers said. In two and a half years, they’ve distributed 3,500 pairs of shoes and raised $8,000. Cash donations help ShuGuy buy shoes for people who are referred from social agencies. These have included women at transition shelters, newly homeless families and one homeless man who recently got a job that required steel-toe boots. “That was a great one,” said Chambers, who distributes shoes each month, alternating between the Oceanside area and other Island locations. He said good winter and waterproof boots are the most in demand and he plans to raise money to purchase as many pairs as possible for the fall. “The cold-weather shelters really need them,” he said. At the Mustard Seed, Tammy Edmonds thanked Chambers, and his brother Carl, for bringing the shoes. “It’s so important for those who can’t afford shoes,” said Edmonds, in a new purple pair of Asics sneakers. She said good shoes are hard to come by for people who are homeless or struggling and some end up stealing pairs from thrift stores because they are desperate. Alex, who didn’t want to share his last name, said he’s on a disability pension and can’t afford to spend $100 on new shoes, but was in dire need of a pair. “[Now] I can spend it on other things, like food,” he said. For more information about ShuGuy, visit: shuguy.ca spetrescu@timescolonist.com © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close ‹ previous Chelsea Manning talks leaks, transition after prison release next Don't change rules to let people sleep in cars: acting Victoria police chief › next previous Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Family unable to have lost key replaced, forced to leave van in Victoria Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it.' Fort Street bicycle corridor OK’d by Victoria council, despite objections Brotherston charges stayed after accuser dies Burned-out subsidized-housing units won’t be replaced Serious crash on Pandora bike lane raises flags Teen’s report of sex assault was false, Duncan RCMP say Jubilant New Democrats, downcast Liberals at swearing-in Sightings of second hawk support theory that chicks taken as prey Boy, 12, grabbed by man at bus stop in Saanich Luxury rentals planned for Empress land at former bus depot site Dutch company to build new class of ferries Viking Air to lay off 212 as slow sales hit production Toronto, New York markets gain as political uncertainty eases Region’s housing construction trailing last year’s pace Pace of building at Oyster Bay expected to double Housing affordability pinching buyers: report Last of three Salish-class ferries arrives City increasing development fees amid need for affordable housing Hudson's Bay eliminating 2,000 positions to offset tough retail environment Hack’s early attack sets pace at Bayview Place Cardtronics Open Times Colonist reporter wins national award Renfrew keeps from being blown away at Uplands Western Speedway revved up for annual Strawberry Cup weekend Eccles’ debut a lift for Victoria HCats, despite loss to AppleSox Vogel jumps to top of leaderboard at Bayview Place Cardtronics Open AppleSox tame HarbourCats for second straight night Duke rejoins Canada on road to rugby World Cup B.C.'s Jared du Toit launches pro debut at Cardtronics Canada puts up a fight in loss to top-ranked New Zealand rugby women Your timescolonist.com More News GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
12:00 AM Sat, June 10th Weather  67.0° Subscriber Services News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Odd & Interesting Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf Pro College Preps Commentary Local Scoreboard Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Kudos Nightlife Calendar Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Neighbors Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Odd Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Classes for the Taking Clubs & Meetings Courier Cooks Newsletter Event Calendar Mobile Apps Notices Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submissions Subscriber Services (Start / Stop) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) TV Listings Volunteer Opportunities Worship Directory Contact Us Calendar of Events: June 9-18 Originally Published: June 9, 2017 5:50 a.m. Share Tweet Ongoing “Meeting the 4 O’Clock Train” exhibit, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Sharlot Hall Museum, 415 W. Gurley St., chronicling the boom-to-bust railway legacy that almost cost Arizona its statehood. 928-445-3122. Prescott Historical Walking Tours, featuring strolls through history to learn of “Prescott’s storied past,” 10 a.m., on most Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays through Oct. 29. Visitor Information Center, 117 W. Goodwin St. Donations appreciated. Parking Lot Sale, 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday, June 9, and 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday, June 10, Prescott Community Church, 3151 Willow Creek Road. Huge selection of goods. Benefits church missions and programs. pccaz.org. The Prescott film Festival launches its eighth annual fest, June 9 through June 17, at the Yavapai College Performing Arts Center. Musicals (“That Day We Sang,” “Alive and Kicking, Score: A Film Music Documentary,”) sneak previews (“Burn Your Maps,” “This Beautiful Fantastic,” “The Tiger Hunter”), foreign films (“Lost in Paris,” “Past Life”) and poignant documentaries anchor a festival that includes free workshops, celebrity guests, wine tasting and gourmet dining — all honoring the latest and greatest in film. Full schedule and tickets online at PrescottFilmFestival.com. Save Our Summer Blood Drive, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday through Sunday, June 23-25, Prescott Gateway Mall, 3250 Gateway Blvd., in the former PAC Sun store. For an appointment, call 877-827-4376 or visit bloodhero.com. Friday, June 9 Skull Valley Farmers’ Market, 8 a.m. to noon, Skull Valley Elementary School. Prescott Historical Walking Tours, featuring strolls through history to learn of “Prescott’s storied past,” 10 a.m., on most Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, May 5 through Oct. 29, Visitor Information Center, 117 W. Goodwin St. Donations appreciated. Excel 101, 10 a.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. 90-minute workshop covering the basics of entering data, formatting spreadsheets and performing calculations. Register online, at the Ask a Librarian Desk or by phone, 928-777-1526. Conversational Spanish, 10 a.m. to noon, Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Sessions may include targeted grammar discussions, subject-specific vocabulary practice and handouts. Basic Spanish skills needed. 928-777-1500. Ham Radio Licensing Test, 4:30 p.m., during Prescott Hamfest at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, 3700 Willow Creek Road, Prescott. Offered by Yavapai Amateur Radio Club. Pre-register online: www.w7yrc.org/arrl-vec. Blood drive, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., Frontier Village Suite 104, 1781 E. Highway 69, Prescott. For appointments or more information, visit redcrossblood.org, or call 800-733-2767. “Easy Street,” 6 p.m., Ruth Street Theater at Prescott High School, 1050 Ruth St. 22nd dance production of The Dance Studio. $15. Presentation of Documentary “Messages of Hope,” 7 p.m., Unity of Prescott, 145 S. Arizona Ave. Former Navy Commander and aide to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Suzanne Giesemann, now an evidence-based medium, presents her documentary. Q-and-A session after the movie. Suggested love offering of $10. 928-445-1850. Turn the Page: Ultimate Tribute to Bob Seger, 7 p.m., Elks Theatre and Performing Arts Center, 117 E. Gurley St. An incredible re-creation of the Live Bob Seger Experience performed by the Sam Morrison Band. 928-777-1370. “Noises Off,” 7:30 p.m., Prescott Center for the Arts Mainstage, 208 N. Marina St. $22. 928-445-3286; pca-az.net. Saturday, June 10 Prescott Summer Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon, Yavapai College Parking Lot B, 1100 E. Sheldon St. Fresh fruits, veggies and more. Blood Drive, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., Sacred Heart Church, 131 Summit Ave, Forum Lower Level. For an appointment, call 877-827-4376 or visit bloodhero.com. The Storyteller’s Workshop, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m., Trinity Presbyterian Church, 630 Park Ave., Prescott. Storyteller Molly McCloy will teach workshop participants how to write and perform nonfiction stories from their lives. $80 ($70 early-bird registration through June 9). RSVP: 928-499-1716. Bark for Life, a Canine Event to Fight Cancer, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Prescott Valley Civic Center, 7501 E. Civic Circle. Celebrate canine companionship and fight back against cancer with your dog. In conjunction with Woofstock. Relayforlife.org/barkthequadcitiesaz; Alyssa, 928-420-3126; Kristi, 928-710-1021. Territorial Days, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, June 10 and 11, courthouse plaza in downtown Prescott. Sponsored by Prescott Chamber of Commerce. Saturday Night Talk Series: “Transforming Suffering into Love: The Possibility of the Dark Night of the Soul,” 7 p.m., Vigraha Gallery, Courtyard Building, 115 E. Goodwin St., $5 donation. Talks are open to anyone on a spiritual path. 928-771-0205. “Easy Street,” 6 p.m., Ruth Street Theater at Prescott High School, 1050 Ruth St. 22nd dance production of The Dance Studio. $15. Third Annual Lights Out Golf Classic, 6:30 p.m., Antelope Hills Golf Course. Tournament, which includes a fajita dinner and party with a life DJ, benefits Boys & Girls Clubs of Central Arizona. $70/person; $260/team of four. Register online: bgccaz.org/nightgolf. Man in Black – The Music of Johnny Cash, 7 p.m., Elks Theatre and Performing Arts Center, 117 E. Gurley St. Celebrate the life and music of Johnny Cash with this critically acclaimed concert production featuring the most popular songs of his career. 928-777-1370. “Noises Off,” 7:30 p.m., Prescott Center for the Arts Mainstage, 208 N. Marina St. $22. 928-445-3286; pca-az.net. Grants to You class, a local nonprofit since 2002 is offering classes to volunteers who want to assist their designated nonprofit with grant writing. 8:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. For more details and registration, call Paul or Shirley, 928-458-7796. Prescott Hamfest, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, 3700 Willow Creek Road, Prescott. Radio swap meet and commercial vendors, as well as presentations and a high-altitude balloon launch. Admission charged. Prescott Valley Early Bird Lions Club White Cane Day. Members will be at Safeway, Fry’s, Ace Hardware and Wal-Mart to receive donations. Funds will be used to help visually impaired children and adults in the community. Glasses which are no longer being used will be accepted. For more information, call Carm Staker, 928-848-8378. Sunday, June 11 Territorial Days, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, June 10 and 11, courthouse plaza in downtown Prescott. Sponsored by Prescott Chamber of Commerce. Blood Drive, 9:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., Prescott YMCA, 750 Whipple St. For an appointment, call 877-827-4376 or visit bloodhero.com. “The Transformative Power of Hope” Workshop, 1 p.m., Unity of Prescott, 145 S. Arizona Ave. With former Navy Commander and aide to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Suzanne Giesemann, now an evidence-based medium. $20. 928-445-1850. “Noises Off,” 2 p.m., Prescott Center for the Arts Mainstage, 208 N. Marina St. $18. 928-445-3286; pca-az.net. Monday, June 12 Art in June, 10:15 to 11:30 a.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. This exciting program provides art education and hands-on experience with artists and their mediums. For children ages 6-12. Presented by the Prescott Art Docents. Registration required: online, at the Youth Desk or by calling 928-777-1537. Tuesday, June 13 Technology Help Hour, 10 to 11 a.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Ask a technology question and get help from members of the Prescott Computer Society. Bring your own laptop or mobile device or use a library laptop. This is a weekly, drop-in service. No registration required. 928-777-1526. Prescott Mac Users Group Meeting, 10 a.m. to noon, Yavapai College, 1100 E. Sheldon St., Building 4, Room 102. Genius Bar: bring questions and problems to the experts and get answers and understanding. First-time visitors free. pmug.us Yavapai College District Governing Board Regular Meeting, 1 p.m., Prescott Campus, 1100 E. Sheldon St., in the Rock House. On the agenda: four intergovernmental agreements, reports from the president and various departments. yc.edu/v5content/district-governing-board/minutes.htm. Children’s Craft Time, 1 p.m., Founders Suite, Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Arts and crafts stations are designed with varying age groups in mind, so children of all ages are welcome. Presented with funding from Friends of the Prescott Public Library. 928-777-1500. Blood Drive, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, 3700 N. Willow Creek Road, Lower Hangar. For an appointment, call 877-827-4376 or visit bloodhero.com. Interviewing with Confidence, 2-3 p.m., PC Lab, Prescott Valley Public Library, 7401 E Civic Circle. Facilitator Sam Welchons, workforce specialist for Arizona at Work, will discuss tips on preparation, how to dress, potential questions, post-interview etiquette and more. To register call 928-759-3040, or speak to a workforce specialist, 928-759-1669. Prescott Valley Summer Market, 2 to 6 p.m., Harkins Theatres parking lot, Glassford Hill Road and Park Avenue. Fresh fruits, veggies and more. Free Jazz on the Square, 6:30 p.m. courthouse plaza, downtown Prescott. Featuring Prescott Jazz Society (Milt Cannon). Part of the 2017 Prescott Summer Concert Series. Prescott AAUW Summer Social, 5 to 7 p.m., Yavapai College Community Room (Building 19). Prospective members who would like to learn more about AAUW are invited to attend the social. Send your name, email, phone number and full address to prescottaauwbranch@gmail.com. Wednesday, June 14 “Computer Basics: Saving and Finding Files,” 10 a.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Practice creating, saving and finding folders and files. Register online, at the Ask a Librarian Desk or by phone, 928-777-1526. Modern Board Gaming, 4 to 8 p.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Play modern board games like “Ticket to Ride” and “Splendor.” Hosted by Prescott Area Boardgamers; open to anyone age 14 and older. (Those 10-13 may participate if accompanied by an adult.) Jeff, 714-487-1396. Prescott Valley Art Guild special meeting, 4:30 to 6:30 p.m. in the Crystal Room of Prescott Valley Public Library. Featured presenter: Hopi artist Filmer Kewanyama. Cathy, 928-775-4949. Thursday, June 15 Law Day, Prescott Valley Event Center. Volunteer lawyers will answer your questions for free to improve access to justice and show that lawyers care about helping others in need. Build a Better World with Wildman Phil, 10 a.m. and 1 p.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Learn about our animal neighbors with Wildman Phil and his menagerie of desert animals. Seating on a first-come basis. Presented with funding from Friends of the Prescott Public Library. 928-777-1500. “Retirement – Making Your Money Last,” noon to 1 p.m. at Las Fuentes Resort Village, 1035 Scott Drive, Prescott. Free Senior Connection presentation. RSVPs appreciated to Debbie@SeniorConnection.us or 928-778-3747. Weekly Book sale, 1 to 5 p.m. at the Dewey-Humboldt Library, 2735 S. Corral St. Gift-quality, bestseller books. Paperbacks 25 cents; hardbacks $1. 928-632-5049. Chino Valley Summer Market, 3 to 6 p.m., Olsen’s Grain parking lot, 344 Highway 89. Fresh fruits, veggies and more. Discover NAU in Prescott Valley, 4:30 to 6 p.m., Northern Arizona University PV campus, 7351 E. Civic Circle, adjacent to the library. Learn about the innovative, affordable NAU campus where each class meets just once a week and tuition is the lowest in the state. Meet faculty and staff, tour campus, enjoy refreshments. Free. MaryLee, 928-775-9877. Third Thursday Star Talks: “OSIRIS-REx Gets a Big Boost to Bennu,” 6 p.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Dolores Hill, senior research specialist at Arizona State University, will review the launch and research of the OSIRIS-REx Asteroid Sample Return Mission. Pat, 928-778-6324. Central Arizona Concert Band, 7 p.m., courthouse plaza, downtown Prescott. Part of the 2017 Prescott Summer Concert Series. “Noises Off,” 7:30 p.m., Prescott Center for the Arts Mainstage, 208 N. Marina St. $22. 928-445-3286; pca-az.net. Friday, June 16 Skull Valley Farmers’ Market, 8 a.m. to noon, Skull Valley Elementary School. Craigslist 101, 10 a.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Register online, at the Ask a Librarian Desk or by phone, 928-777-1526. Prescott Historical Walking Tours, featuring strolls through history to learn of “Prescott’s storied past,” 10 a.m., on most Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, May 5 through Oct. 29, Visitor Information Center, 117 W. Goodwin St. Donations appreciated. Conversational Spanish, 10 a.m. to noon, Prescott Public Library, 215 E. Goodwin St. Brush up on your Spanish with conversation and camaraderie. Sessions may include targeted grammar discussions, subject-specific vocabulary practice and handouts. Basic Spanish skills needed. 928-777-1500. Republican Women of Prescott Candidate Forum, 2:30 to 4 p.m., Las Fuentes Resort Village, 1035 Scott Drive (downstairs in Social Room). Featuring Republican candidates for mayor and city council. Third Friday Chamber Music Series, 3:30 p.m., Prescott Public Library, 215 W. Goodwin St. This month: Sax Appeal Quartet. Bruce or Suzanne, 928-778-6965. Jason Donne and the Open Graves, 5 p.m., Faith United Community Church, 1061 Old Chisholm Trail, in the Prescott Country Club neighborhood in Dewey. Bluegrass, gospel and Americana instrumentals and vocals. $20 includes concert, complimentary wines and appetizers. Loretta, 928-533-4256. “Noises Off,” 7:30 p.m., Prescott Center for the Arts Mainstage, 208 N. Marina St. $22. 928-445-3286; pca-az.net. Saturday, June 17 Prescott Summer Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon, Yavapai College Parking Lot B, 1100 E. Sheldon St. Fresh fruits, veggies and more. Chino Valley Music Saves Lives Community Drive, 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., Walgreen’s, 1020 N. Highway 89. For an appointment, call 877-827-4376 or visit bloodhero.com. Blood Drive, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., Moose Lodge 319 Banquet Hall, 6501 E. Sixth St., Prescott Valley. For an appointment, call 877-827-4376 or visit bloodhero.com. Biker Dudes for St. Jude Motorcycle Charity Run, presented by the Loners Motorcycle Club, Prescott Chapter. Starts at 11 a.m. at Far From Folsom and then continues to the Kirkland Bar and Grill for food, auction, raffles, life music, bike games and more, at 1 p.m. For more information, call Alan Holt, 928-277-6038. Prescott Historical Walking Tours, featuring strolls through history to learn of “Prescott’s storied past,” 10 a.m., on most Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, May 5 through Oct. 29, Visitor Information Center, 117 W. Goodwin St. Donations appreciated. Walker Day, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., Walker Fire Department, on Walker Road, just 8 miles south of Highway 69. The department’s biggest fundraiser of the year. With free face painting and supervised games for the kids, live music by Noteworthy, an old-fashioned cake walk, silent auction, community yard sale (starting at 9 a.m.), Artist Market (starting at 10 a.m.), and complete grilled lunch for $5. Free admission, easy parking. walkerday.org. Underground Prescott with Patricia Ireland-Williams and Bobbi Jane Tucker, 1 p.m., Phippen Museum, 4701 Highway 89 N. Review the catacombs, tunnels, speakeasies, opium dens and bordellos of Prescott’s past. 928-778-1385. Saturday Night Talk Series: “Grief & Gratitude: The Courage to Face the Cultural Taboo against Death,” 7 p.m., Vigraha Gallery, Courtyard Building, 115 E. Goodwin St., $5 donation. Talks are open to anyone on a spiritual path. 928-771-0205. “Noises Off,” 2 and 7:30 p.m., Prescott Center for the Arts Mainstage, 208 N. Marina St. $18-$22. 928-445-3286; pca-az.net. Sunday, June 18 Prescott Historical Walking Tours, featuring strolls through history to learn of “Prescott’s storied past,” 10 a.m., on most Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, May 5 through Oct. 29, Visitor Information Center, 117 W. Goodwin St. Donations appreciated. 19th Annual Juneteenth Celebration: Father’s Day Jazz Splash, noon, Arcosanti. Two separate shows: 1 p.m. cabaret in the lounge with the Billy Mitchell Trio and Meet and Greet Buffet for $35; and 3:30 p.m. concert in the amphitheater with the Milt Cannon Quartet and Yuko Mabuchi Trio. arcosanti.org. “Noises Off,” 2 p.m., Prescott Center for the Arts Mainstage, 208 N. Marina St. $18. 928-445-3286; pca-az.net. Sign in to favorite this Contact Us Receive News e-alerts More like this story Calendar of Events: June 8 - 15 Kudos KornuKopia: Week of June 10 Calendar of Events: June 4-9 Community calendar: June 6-11 Community calendar: June 13-19 SUBMIT FEEDBACK Click Below to: File a Rant or Rave about this story Ask us a question Submit a letter to the editor Send us a news tip or story idea MOST READ 7 days 30 days Cruise ships coming to the desert? Man tried to run over three officers Drivers face fines and towing for parking where they don’t fit in downtown Prescott Prescott man allegedly assaults woman End of the Road for Route 66? Parolee allegedly assaults his wife for several hours Chino couple charged with attempted murder of 10-year-old boy Catch 22 - Day 6: Woman sought on child abuse charges Ranch bought by Arizona poised to become a park Wildland fire north of 89A Body of teen missing from work at Walmart found Update: Body of missing teen found on Glassford Hill Police expect nearly 200 Hells Angels to visit Yavapai County this weekend Body of alleged murder victim located Prescott man arrested, charged in wife’s homicide Chino Valley Police search for warrant suspect Pain management: Some sufferers cannot function without narcotics, opioids Car crashes through storefront Cruise ships coming to the desert? Findlay buys Tim's Auto Group SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Newsletter Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Daily Courier and Western News&Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
null
null
Skip to main content Home About Advertise Contact Giving to NCR Give Now Ways to Give Stock and Securities Gifts Legacy/Estate Gifts Endowment Gifts Naming Opportunities Printable Forms Subscribe Account Give Now National Catholic Reporter The Independent News Source Search Search Menu Menu Accountability Books Justice Media Parish People Politics Spirituality Theology Vatican World Global Sisters Report Search form Search NCR Webathon 2017 A message from Josh McElwee Editorial: Making America small and inconsequential NCR Editorial Staff  |  Jun. 9, 2017 PrintemailPDF Editorial The Trump administration seems determined to remove the United States from any leadership position in the world. Accounts of Donald Trump's first foreign trip abroad as president read like a playbook on how to engineer a diminished role in world affairs, and, once home, his decision to pull the United States out of the Paris Agreement on climate change shows that he is willing to implement that narrow vision. Not only is Trump ready to abdicate a leadership role in the international community, he wants no part in it. This attitude was no more on display than in his decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord. This could be the most fateful decision the president ever makes. He could very well be endangering the future of the planet. NCR's editorial stance on climate change should be well-known to our readers. In 2014, we called it the No. 1 pro-life issue of our times. We agree wholeheartedly with the Catholic leaders who called the decision to withdraw "a terrible — and we hope reversible — mistake." We would underscore Bishop Oscar Cantú's statement: "Catholic teaching insists that climate change is a grave moral issue that threatens our commitments: to protect human life, health, dignity, and security … to live in solidarity with future generations; to realize peace; and to care for God's good gift of creation." NCR profoundly disagrees with any move that undermines efforts to reduce greenhouse gases and inhibit global warming. Beyond the moral issues, other editorial writers have explained why rejecting the Paris Agreement makes no economic sense. The New York Times, for example, noted that "Trump clings to the same false narrative that … environmental regulations are job killers, that efforts to curb carbon dioxide emissions will hurt the economy. … As alternative realities and fake facts go, that argument is something to behold." The Times cites extensive research that shows "that reducing carbon emissions can in fact drive economic growth." Gina McCarthy, head of the Environmental Protection Agency from 2013 to 2017, has written that "bullish environmental leadership and climate action are not costs; they're investments." Retreating from the Paris Agreement puts the U.S. on the wrong side of the global economy. Companies like Exxon, Shell, Google, Apple, Amazon, Walmart and PepsiCo appealed to Trump to stick with the agreement. For a supposedly savvy businessman, Trump is showing a remarkable lack of entrepreneurship. "NCR is where we get authentic, unbiased news. It’s our NPR and PBS of the church." -NCR Readers Pat and Lonnie Jansen If we put aside strictly environmental issues for a moment, there is something else deeply disturbing about Trump's walking away from the Paris agreement; the president is also walking away from the international community. Only two nations in the world did not sign this landmark document, one at civil war and one that didn't think it went far enough. Trump's renunciation of our global citizenship is as frighteningly shortsighted and dangerous as denying climate science. Before Trump's late-May foreign trip, European allies who were to meet him at the NATO and G7 summits were cautiously optimistic that they could persuade him of the importance of alliances and to remain in the Paris Agreement. They were quickly disabused of that optimism. Trump spent his first meeting with NATO allies chiding alliance members for their "chronic" failure to pay for their own defense, which he said left the "taxpayers of the United States" forced to foot the bill. "They were left visibly stunned and stone-faced," according to media accounts. Left out entirely was what European allies hoped most to hear from Trump: a reaffirmation of NATO's mutual defense pact, known as Article 5, and acknowledgement of Russian aggression and provocation in Europe. The German publication Der Spiegel, working from secret minutes of the G7 meetings the magazine was given access to, gave a chilling account of world leaders trying to persuade Trump to change his mind on the climate agreement. He steadfastly refused all arguments, leaving French President Emmanuel Macron to conclude "Now, China leads." Later, German Chancellor Angela Merkel would tell a gathering in Bavaria that Europe's ability to rely on the U.S. was "over, to a certain extent. This is what I have experienced in the last few days." Oddly, Trump seemed much more comfortable a few days earlier in Saudi Arabia where he had a gold medal draped around his neck and gave away tens of millions of dollars in military hardware. At a gathering of Muslim-majority nations, Trump blasted Iran, which had just re-elected a reformist president, for being an exporter of terrorism and praised the Saudis as if he'd forgotten the "beautiful … kingdom" produced 15 of the 19 terrorists who pulled off the 9/11 attack and is the incubator for the most severe brand of Islam, Wahhabism, that is the takeoff point for the Islamic extremists that Trump loved to hate during his campaign speeches. Even the Israelis — ignoring the embrace of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu — met Trump with utter indifference. Any who thought Trump could pull off a "Nixon goes to China" moment with the Israeli-Palestinian standoff can't help but be disappointed. Trump may push aside the prime minister of Montenegro to get himself a better position for a photo, but he clearly has no place on the world stage. That could be tragic not just for the United States, but for the world itself. Point to any a major problem of the last few years — unemployment, terrorism, the migration of peoples, pandemics like Zika or SARS — and one sees that local issues have global causes and global actions have local consequences. Now more than ever, we need global alliances like the Paris Agreement to ensure every one of this world's citizens has a voice and place in this world. To be great, Americans must be part of that movement, not part of Trump's retreat from the world. United States Saudi Arabia China France Trump administration G7 Environmental Protection Agency North Atlantic Treaty Organization Donald Trump Emmanuel Macron Angela Merkel Oscar Cantu Benjamin Netanyahu Climate change skepticism and denial Paris Agreement This story appeared in the June 16-29, 2017 print issue. Support independent reporting on important issues.   Advertisement Print email PDF Show comments National Catholic Reporter uses Civil Comments. Please keep your comments on-topic, focus on the issue and avoid personal insults, harassment and abuse. Read the user guide.   Search form Search NCR Email Alerts Sign up to get NCR updates by email. Existing users: change your preferences here. Enter your email address in the box below and click “Go.” NCR on Facebook NCR on Twitter NCR on YouTube NCR on Instagram NCR Email Alerts NCR RSS feed   In This Issue June 2-15, 2017 Read select articles from our print issue Special Section [Print Only]: Mission & Ministry 1 SUBSCRIBE! Latest Posts Our Own Drug Cartels by Ken Briggs NCR Today Hispanic, black theologians meet to address incarceration, deportation by Heidi Schlumpf NCR Today Miguel D'Escoto Brockmann, Maryknoll priest and former foreign minister of Nicaragua, has died by Dennis Coday NCR Today NCR helps you analyze the zeitgeist of today by Michael Sean Winters NCR Today Links for 06/09/17 by Michael Sean Winters Distinctly Catholic The best source for all things Catholic by Maureen Fiedler NCR Today NCR Podcast: Islam for Christians by NCR Staff NCR in Conversation Uphold a woman's right to contribute fully to society, pope says by Carol Glatz, Catholic News Service The Francis Chronicles Politics, culture or theology? Why evangelicals back Trump on global warming by David Gibson, Religion News Service Eco Catholic Sr. Margaret Farley at theological meeting: 'We have not gone far enough' by Heidi Schlumpf NCR Today More posts >   Accountability Books Justice Media Parish People Politics Spirituality Theology Vatican World Global Sisters Report Contact Address and Phone Customer Service Company Directory Website Help About NCR Mission Job Opportunities Submission Guidelines Web User Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise NCR Media Kit Online Advertising Email Advertising Donate Ways to Give Stock and Securities Gifts Legacy/Estate Gifts Endowment Gifts Naming Opportunities Subscribe Subscribe to NCR Give NCR as a Gift Renew Kindle edition Store National Catholic Reporter publications: NCRonline.org | CelebrationPublications.org | GlobalSistersReport.org Copyright © The National Catholic Reporter Publishing Company | 115 E. Armour Blvd., Kansas City, MO 64111 | 1-800-444-8910
Share 144 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-09 Johnny Depp An Eternal Heartthrob? From Clint Eastwood To One Direction, Why Hot Men Inspire Loyalty [Opinion] Entertainment 2017-06-09 From ‘Neverending Story’ To Paper Canoe Company, Tami Stronach Continues To Inspire And Create Art [Exclusive] Entertainment 2017-06-09 ‘Dance Moms’ Chloe Lukasiak Celebrates 16th Birthday, Hints On Returning To Her ‘Dance Roots’ Entertainment 2017-06-09 ‘Orange Is The New Black’ Could End In Season 7, Jenji Kohan Says News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-10 Bill Clinton ‘Son’ Verified By Twitter: Danney Williams Vindicated? News 2017-06-09 Chemical Fire Engulfs Anaheim Business Near Disneyland News 2017-06-09 ‘Not Guilty’ Verdict For Man Who Blamed Sex Attack Of Bikini Model On Sleepwalking Habit News 2017-06-09 Fans Pay Tribute To Fan Favorite Poussey Washington As Season 5 Of ‘Orange Is The New Black’ Hits Netlfix Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-09 WWE Rumors: Seth Rollins Wants The Undertaker In ‘WrestleMania’ Match But Will It Happen? Baseball 2017-06-09 Seattle Mariners Trade Rumors: Are Miami Marlins Pitchers A Good Fit In Seattle? Basketball 2017-06-09 Is The Kardashian ‘Curse’ Sabotaging The Cavs? Sports 2017-06-09 Watch England Vs. Australia Cricket Live Stream: Start Time — Bangladesh Champions Trophy Fate Hinges On Match Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-08 National Best Friends Day: Top Songs To Celebrate With Your BFF [Video] Lifestyle 2017-06-08 Powerball Jackpot Rolls To $435 Million, Watch Powerball Drawing And Check Winning Numbers [Video] Lifestyle 2017-06-08 When Is Father’s Day 2017 And Who Started The Holiday? Lifestyle 2017-06-07 Will Bill Murray’s Next Role Be BBQ Dad? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-09 Study Shows Pet Dogs Provide Health Benefits For Seniors, Which Dog Breeds Are Best For The Elderly? Health 2017-06-08 Dangerous New Weight-Loss Trend: ‘Sleeping Beauty Diet’ Health 2017-06-07 Animal Testing Suggests Anti-Heroin Vaccine Could Prevent Addicts From Relapsing Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-09 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Xbox One Update Rolls With ATVs, Painting, Toilets, And More While PS4 Is Delayed Gaming 2017-06-09 ‘Destiny 2’ New ‘Freedom’ Weapon System Explained By Bungie Technology 2017-06-09 MacBook Pro 2017 Vs. MBP 2016: Better Chips, Graphics, But The Same Everywhere Else Technology 2017-06-08 iOS 11’s Best Minor Features That Will Be Useful In Your Daily Lives BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-10 Model Amber Rose Bares It All On Social Media To Promote Annual SlutWalk Gathering BuzzWorthy 2017-06-09 Princess Diana Talked About Her Failing Marriage To Charles & His Affair With Camilla In Secret Audio Tapes BuzzWorthy 2017-06-09 Princess Diana’s Secret Audio Tapes Reveal How Her Bulimia Started After Charles Called Her ‘Chubby’ BuzzWorthy 2017-06-09 Texting While Walking Accident: Video Shows Woman In New Jersey Falling Over Open Sidewalk Basement Doors SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Teen Nearly Kills Pregnant Girlfriend, Unborn Son Over Selfish Baby Name Fight Crime 144 0 0 June 9, 2017 Teen Nearly Kills Pregnant Girlfriend, Unborn Son Over Selfish Baby Name Fight Jonathan Brown A mom-to-be from Lee County, FL., says her refusal to give her unborn baby the same name as his teenage dad, nearly led to both mother and child losing their lives at his hands in a violent fight. Writers for the New York Post report that 18-year-old Raul Lopez faces felony charges of aggravated battery of a pregnant woman and domestic battery by strangulation for the June 7 incident, which apparently stemmed from a verbal altercation between the expectant parents earlier that day at a neighborhood Wal-Mart. “Lopez suggested naming the baby boy they are expecting after him,” the arrest report reads, “but she [apparently] wasn’t on board [with that idea].” After returning to their shared residence in Fort Myers, the duo’s argument over the baby’s name ultimately elevated to the point of Lopez’s girlfriend seeking refuge from the fight behind the locked door of a bathroom. Lopez, however, hadn’t apparently gotten his point across just yet. “[The accused] allegedly got into the [bathroom] by removing the door knob,” Lee County law authorities noted in court documents, “[where he then] covered his girlfriend’s nose and mouth with his hands until she began losing consciousness.” Journalists for NBC-2 add that once the woman was unconscious, Lopez dragged his pregnant partner back to their bedroom by the woman’s hair and “tossed her” onto their shared bed. Florida resident Raul Lopez reportedly strangled his pregnant girlfriend after she refused to name their unborn baby after him. [Image by champja/iStock] The pregnant woman would ultimately be saved by her mother, who also lives in the residence, once she heard Lopez and her daughter’s altercation and separated the two, prior to calling the police. Lee County Sheriff Office’s deputies relayed to the media that the woman and her unborn child suffered no lasting injuries from the altercation. Lopez’s first court appearance on the baby name fight matter is scheduled for July 10. In related news, an Indiana resident has been sentenced to nearly three years in prison for, similarly, attacking a pregnant woman. Man who batters his pregnant girlfriend goes to prison – Shane S. Perkins threw down his pregnant girlfriend du… https://t.co/SPUfD7clwW — Journal & Courier (@jconline) June 1, 2017 Shawn S. Perkins of Lafayette previously entered a guilty plea to the charge of domestic battery against a pregnant woman for the January 19, 2017, incident, as Journal & Courier notes, but was still ordered by Tippecanoe Superior 1 Judge Randy Williams to serve the entirety of the three-year sentence, save for six months “good behavior.” “Perkins has about six months of good-time credit for his time at the Tippecanoe County Jail,” J&C writers detail. The accused’s charges stem from an alleged January interaction between Perkins and the expectant woman, his then nine-months-pregnant girlfriend, as she attempted to depart Perkins’ home after an argument. “Perkins’ girlfriend told police he threw her to the ground [inside the home] as she tried to leave during a disagreement,” a probable cause affidavit related to the case reads. “The fall [caused] her [to hurt] back and her stomach began to hurt,” as well, it goes on to say. Perkin’s pregnant partner was soon able to make it back to her feet and continue her way out the door, but Perkins soon followed behind and reportedly “grabbed her in a bear hug, and bit her ear in an attempt to stop her from leaving,” the court document continues. One of Perkins’ neighbors reportedly overheard the melee and contacted police, which allowed the injured woman to finally make a getaway and be treated at a nearby hospital for her injuries, the affidavit also says. Prosecutors officially charged Perkins with domestic battery to a pregnant woman, domestic battery and criminal confinement on January 25 of this year. Following his release, he will be supervised for a year by a community corrections officer before going on to serve a separate, supervised year of supervised probation, as Tippecanoe County Prosecutor Patrick Harrington explained in a statement after Perkins’ sentencing. The status of the pregnant woman and her unborn baby were not mentioned in the report. [Featured Image by Lee County Sheriff’s Office] Share 144 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Jonathan Brown Tags: domestic violence, florida, pregnancy June 8, 2017 U.K. 2017 General Election Live Results: Find Up-To-The-Minute Vote Totals From Thursday’s Election June 7, 2017 Eric Schneiderman: N.Y. Attorney General’s Investigation, Sealed Indictment Could Send Donald Trump To Prison Comments LATEST HEADLINES Miranda Lambert Unaffected By Blake Shelton’s Song? Singer Shares Photos Of Anderson East Zoe Saldana Joins Forces With Sia And Julianne Moore To Fight For An End To HIV Model Amber Rose Bares It All On Social Media To Promote Annual SlutWalk Gathering Alaskan Bush People Update: Matt Brown Recovers From Freak Accident, Noah To Get Married? Virginia’s Open Primary: Progressive Democrats Hope To Shift The Party With Tuesday Wins Donald Trump Impeachment For Ditching Paris Climate Change Agreement: Law Professor Original ‘Scream 3’ Script Was Rejected, Now Turned Into A TV Show Bill Clinton ‘Son’ Verified By Twitter: Danney Williams Vindicated? Princess Diana Talked About Her Failing Marriage To Charles & His Affair With Camilla In Secret Audio Tapes ‘Return To Amish’ Couple Jeremiah And Carmela Raber Back Together, Photo Suggests Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories WWE Can Save ‘Raw’ Right Now By Reuniting The Shield, And They’ve Already Set Up Their Return [Opinion] 18k 0 0 ‘Making A Murderer’ Lawyer Alleges Ex-Boyfriend Of Halbach Was Murderer [Breaking] 10.2k 0 0 Little Mix Slammed For Performing ‘Half Naked’ During Charity Concert 6.3k 0 0 Kendall Jenner Shares Bikini Picture By The Pool— Is That A$AP Rocky Hiding Under A Towel? 1.5k 0 0 True Wonder Woman: Gal Gadot’s Personal Reply To A Seven-Year-Old Fan Who Sent Her A Handwritten Letter 4.3k 0 0 Neil White, Husband Of NBC VP, Chokes Seven-Year-Old Daughter To Death In Her Bed 4.1k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Meche family interview, part I: Parents tell of heart-stopping d - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Think About It Editorials Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS 1 year anniversary of the Pulse Nightclub shooting National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Win Tickets To The Home And Garden Show Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Meche family interview, part I: Parents tell of heart-stopping day 7-year-old son was shot 2017-06-08T23:23:40Z2017-06-09T04:19:32Z By Theresa Schmidt, Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography tsanmiguel@kplctv.com Follow @kplctschmidt Shown here with his family, 7-year-old Gage Meche is recovering after being accidentally shot at school. Pictured with him are his father Trinity, brother Gavin and mother Krista. (Source: Theresa Schmidt / KPLC) Pastor Jeff Ralston, of First Pentecostal Church of Lake Charles, presents a check to the parents of Gage Meche, Trinity and Krista Meche. (Source: Theresa Schmidt / KPLC) LAKE CHARLES, LA (KPLC) - Seven-year-old Gage Meche is out of the hospital and back home, which to his parents is truly a miracle after the first-grader was shot in the abdomen at Moss Bluff Elementary on May 15. Trinity and Krista Meche are emotional about that day - and the heart-stopping phone calls they received. "I was in Walmart which is right across the street from the school, when I got the phone call," Krista said. "That was probably the most terrifying thing ever."  "I was coming out of Hackberry and she called me back and said, 'Look, they're going to fly him in to Lafayette. I need you to get in Lafayette,' " Trinity said. "I made record time to Lafayette, praying the whole way that God would take me instead of my son." Trinity was first told the gun was his - which made no sense to him and turned out not to be true - which added to the trauma as the parents prayed and waited for doctors to save Gage's life. "So, I got to Lafayette and I got to kiss him before he went into surgery," Trinity said. "We didn't find out the gun wasn't mine until about nine o'clock or ten." As it turned out, the gun, a .380 caliber pistol, was brought to school by another student. It fell out of a backpack, was picked up by another child and accidentally went off.  All the while, it was encouraging to the parents that Gage didn't lose consciousness as he was transported to the hospital. The days that followed were rough as the little boy underwent multiple surgeries. "So, we spent two weeks in the hospital. He went through four surgeries," Trinity said. "It was nerve-racking, the first surgery. Once we got him back, it was a little bit better, you know. My family asked me how I could be so calm. I said, 'Well, my son's alive, you know.' " It's too soon to know if Gage will have lingering medical problems, but his parents are hopeful about the future. "It hit his colon. It went through his colon, hit his intestines in three places, and then nicked one of his veins, which like that you're looking at bacteria setting in," Trinity said. "He was conscious the whole time. His mama flew with him in a helicopter and he never cried from the time he was shot until the time he went into surgery, so he's a lot tougher than me." "I think he's got a long road to recovery, but also he has to be destined to do great things, because after all of this, God wanted him alive for a reason," Krista said. They consider Gage over the hump, but can't help but get emotional when they think of how close they came to losing their child - and at times the emotion gives way to anger with those whose actions allowed a gun to get inside a school. "It was nerve-racking, in and out the hospital," said Trinity. "I was mad. I wanted vengeance, you know. But he's alive and I"m grateful." Trinity and Krista are suing Michael Dugas - the man authorities say owned the gun. Dugas faces improper supervision of a minor and negligent injuring charges - both misdemeanors. His son, Jake Dugas, 17, faces negligent injuring charges. Copyright 2017 KPLC. All rights reserved. Local newsMore>> Evacuated homeowners anxiously watch Lizard Fire Evacuated homeowners anxiously watch Lizard Fire Updated: Saturday, June 10 2017 1:14 AM EDT2017-06-10 05:14:09 GMT (Source: Tucson News Now) Wildfire crews are battling a massive fire in Cochise County. The Lizard Fire has burned more than 7,500 acres in the Dragoon Mountains, near Benson, with no containment.  Wildfire crews are battling a massive fire in Cochise County. The Lizard Fire has burned more than 7,500 acres in the Dragoon Mountains, near Benson, with no containment.  breaking SILVER Alert canceled as Goodyear resident is found SILVER Alert canceled as Goodyear resident is found Updated: Saturday, June 10 2017 12:20 AM EDT2017-06-10 04:20:56 GMT Harold Lynch (Source: AZ Dept. of Public Safety) Lynch was found in Quartzite, after he was involved in a minor crash. He was taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure.  Lynch was found in Quartzite, after he was involved in a minor crash. He was taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure.  USDA: Major food recalls due to undeclared allergens and misbranding USDA: Major food recalls due to undeclared allergens and misbranding Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 11:52 PM EDT2017-06-10 03:52:04 GMT One of the recalled spaghetti products from Conagra. (Source: USDA/FSIS) According to three separate USDA/FSIS releases the following recalls occurred after an ingredient supplier notified companies that the bread crumbs the companies received and used in the products potentially contained undeclared milk. According to three separate USDA/FSIS releases the following recalls occurred after an ingredient supplier notified companies that the bread crumbs the companies received and used in the products potentially contained undeclared milk. La Posada considering annexation into Sahuarita La Posada considering annexation into Sahuarita Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 11:05 PM EDT2017-06-10 03:05:16 GMT (Source: La Posada) Green Valley's La Posada at Park Centre, Inc. is considering annexation into Sahuarita, according to officials with the company.  Green Valley's La Posada at Park Centre, Inc. is considering annexation into Sahuarita, according to officials with the company.  U.S. Navy to commission the USS Gabrielle Giffords in Texas U.S. Navy to commission the USS Gabrielle Giffords in Texas Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 9:26 PM EDT2017-06-10 01:26:50 GMT (Feb. 24, 2015) An aerial view of the future littoral combat ship USS Gabrielle Giffords (LCS 10) during its launch sequence at the Austal USA shipyard. (Source: U.S. Navy) The U.S. Navy will commission the USS Gabrielle Giffords (LCS 10), the newest Independence-variant littoral combat ship, in a ceremony on Saturday, June 10 in Galveston, TX.    The U.S. Navy will commission the USS Gabrielle Giffords (LCS 10), the newest Independence-variant littoral combat ship, in a ceremony on Saturday, June 10 in Galveston, TX.       Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 'Just go': In a final, selfless act, a father of 5 pushed his wife to safety 'Just go': In a final, selfless act, a father of 5 pushed his wife to safety Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 4:16 AM EDT2017-06-09 08:16:25 GMT (image: Lavaka family) Three weeks ago, Alana Lavaka's world was torn apart. Three weeks ago, Alana Lavaka's world was torn apart. Student killed, multiple injured in Huntsville church bus crash in Atlanta Student killed, multiple injured in Huntsville church bus crash in Atlanta Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 9:33 PM EDT2017-06-10 01:33:43 GMT Sarah Harmening (Source: Harmening family) A teenager from Mount Zion Baptist Church in Huntsville lost her life when the church's bus crashed in Atlanta, Georgia on Thursday afternoon. A teenager from Mount Zion Baptist Church in Huntsville lost her life when the church's bus crashed in Atlanta, Georgia on Thursday afternoon. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
    News International Canada Education Arts News and Notes Opinion Editorials Columnists Robert Brehl Robert Kinghorn Dorothy Cummings McLean Charles Lewis Fr. Raymond de Souza Peter Stockland Glen Argan Contributors Faith News Columnists Fr. Ron Rolheiser Mary Marrocco Fr. Scott Lewis Contributors Pope's Homilies Youth Speak News YSN News Speaking Out YSN Team Writing Contest 2017 Application Features Articles Christmas Life & Family Education Call to Service Retreat & Renewal Centres Estate Planning Archive Cathedral World Youth Day 2016 WYD Blog Brother André Michael Swan in the Holy Land Raising Up Haiti Jesuits in Canada Papal Canonizations Catholic Charities Extraordinary synod on the family Iraqi Exodus Michael Swan in Rome Special Report from Africa A New Era: Pope Francis Pope Francis in Africa Retreat & Renewal Centres The Making of a Cardinal 40 years of the Diaconate WWI: 100 years ago Pope Benedict steps down Pope Francis in the USA St. Kateri Tekakwitha Holy Land Christians Pope Francis in the Holy Land Franciscans at 400 The Oblates at 200 Subscribe Digital/Archive Print Edition Renewals CR Books About Contact History Donate Advertise Home » Canada » One year later: The reality of legalized medically assisted death Trending: Register News and Notes Blessed Oscar Romero Cuba priest stabbed Pope Francis The most current numbers won’t be out until the fall, but in 2016 alone, 970 people chose medical assistance in dying in Canada. Photo by Michael Swan One year later: The reality of legalized medically assisted death By  Michael Swan, The Catholic Register June 9, 2017 Tweet In the year since state-sanctioned, medicalized suicide became legal on June 17, 2016, doctors have deliberately caused the death of their patients at a rate of about three a day. Top Stories Economist John Dillion was dedicated to social justice movement One year later: The reality of legalized medically assisted death Archbishop to become Lithuania's first beatified Soviet-era martyr Pope tells Nigerian priests to accept bishop or be suspended Pope Francis prays for victims of deadly Tehran attacks Health Canada hasn’t reported numbers since April, when it estimated assisted suicide deaths accounted for 0.6 per cent of all Canadian deaths between June 17 and Dec. 31, 2016. There won’t be another report until fall, but extended for another six months, it’s likely that last year’s 970 legal assisted deaths may hit 2,000 over the past 12 months. Beneath the raw reality of the numbers lies a medical community that is still grappling with its own ethics and the changing nature of the doctor-patient relationship, as well as a society that must deal with its most vulnerable. Ottawa psychiatrist Sephora Tang is certain the practice of euthanasia is set to expand. She talks about “when” and not “if” eligibility for what is called medical assistance in dying (MAID) includes psychiatric patients. She worries about whether her patients are already censoring out their dark thoughts of suicide when they talk to her, if only because they believe she could make it happen in a legal and socially acceptable medical procedure in less than two weeks. Her whole practice depends on patient trust. Is trust threatened? Tang isn’t primarily worried about Ontario doctors being forced by their College of Physicians and Surgeons to play a role in a process aimed at causing their patient’s death, though that does infuriate, frustrate and depress her. Her first thoughts are for the vulnerable. She sees patients who don’t know their own mind, who have never experienced their lives as anything valuable to themselves or to others. “As a community, we need to be more embracing of those who are vulnerable, who are isolated,” she said. “The weak, the sick, the frail among us — we have a call now to all people in the community, not just doctors, to go out, to outreach, to show more love to these people.” For Tang, one certain result of legalized medically assisted death is that society can no longer safely off-load its responsibility for the least among us on a professional class of carers. However magical their powers may be, doctors can’t bear that burden alone. “This (legal euthanasia) is entirely, from a secular perspective, a capitulation to a market model of medicine,” said medical ethicist and paediatric cancer doctor Sr. Nuala Kenny. “We have rejected the long-standing, actually pre-Christian, Hippocratic notion that there is a central, moral reality to medicine. The nature of medicine is different from the relationship with the guy who fixes your car. “What you see is what I call the perfect storm of the loss of morality in medicine, the rise of commercialization and commodification in medicine — medicine is now big business — and the dominance of the belief in technology to relieve every one of our distresses, to provide every one of our dreams, to provide assurance of the avoidance of even suffering,” Kenny said. “That is what this is. It is the medicalization of human suffering.” Kenny, author of the upcoming Novalis book Rediscovering the Art of Dying, wants the world to know that she’s a doctor. “I am not a Wal-Mart clerk,” she declares. The 73-year-old Sister of Charity is distressed by how readily the medical profession rolled over and accepted a redefinition of their ethics by political pressure groups and national media too easily fascinated by the tale of high-achieving, strong-willed individuals choosing the time and manner of their deaths in defiance of moral codes. “Irresponsible journalism,” she calls it. But she’s even more worried by Catholics who think there’s no issue here. “Medical assisted death is a direct refutation of the paschal mystery,” said Kenny. “It is the medical equivalent of Jesus at Gethsemane saying, ‘I’m sorry Father, I’m not going to do it this way.’ ” Dr. Doug Mark thinks of himself as an ordinary family doctor, in practice 31 years. The problem he faces is the very idea of the remote, lawyer-dominated, bureaucratic College of Physicians and Surgeons intruding on the doctor-patient relationship. He’s having conversations with patients that he never imagined. “One patient said to me — I talked to him about this, and he says, ‘You’re not going to try to off me, are you doc?’ ” The question was offered as a sort of joke, but not really. “Realistically, you have to ask that question though,” said Mark. “What if a doctor were to say to a patient, ‘I think there’s nothing else we can do. Why don’t you explore this?’ ” Mark thinks assisted suicide is the easy way out — not for the patient, but for the doctor and the health system. “Patients don’t really need medical assistance in dying. They don’t need medical suicide,” Mark said. “They feel out of control and they’re desperate. They’re fearful and they don’t have a comforting person to help them through their pain and through their worries and so on.” Referring for a MAID assessment allows the doctor to move on to the next patient. Whatever happens next is somebody else’s responsibility. For the broader health system, assisted dying saves money. “We have to be realistic here. Caring for people at the end of life, that’s where the greatest costs are. There would be huge cost savings if these patients say, ‘OK, that’s it. I want to pack it in now. Thank you very much. Let’s have a party for going away,’ ” said Mark. Just before legal assisted death hits the one-year mark, the Christian Medical and Dental Society of Canada will argue in an Ontario Divisional Court room that they shouldn’t be forced by the CPSO to provide an “effective referral” for MAID assessments. It’s a legal fight almost certain to wind its way to the Supreme Court of Canada over the next couple of years, but it’s not about the legality of doctors injecting patients with lethal doses of drugs. It’s just that last, little shred of resistance from a few Evangelical and Roman Catholic doctors who think they shouldn’t have to open that particular door to death. South of the border, Georgetown University ethicist Dr. Daniel Sulmasy looks at what’s happening in Canada and sees the gathering storm. “It’s terribly frightening to me,” said Sulmasy. “I think it must be frightening to you as well, just how rapidly this is expanding, and being carried out with a kind of secular vengefulness.” Americans have long lived by a code of personal freedom. Arguments for patient autonomy will be massively seductive in the U.S., where euthanasia is legal in six states. As the debate wends its way from one state legislature to the next, Sulmasy hopes somebody will speak up for the medical profession and the tradition represented by the Hippocratic oath. “In a healthy, liberal, pluralistic, democratic republic, professions have to have an autonomy to set their own ethical standards, independent of popular opinion, the state and the market,” he said. “We do have a 2,500-year-old Western tradition, with good reason, to be opposed to making this part of medical practice.” So far, all the major medical societies in the U.S. oppose any form of voluntary euthanasia, just as the Canadian Medical Association had until 2015. But advocates for medical suicide have produced guides and handbooks instructing friendly doctors on how to get involved in medical bodies and shift their positions from opposed to neutral. Sulmasy wonders at the irrationality of this politicized, false argument for compassion. “It’s almost as if they are railing at the ominous and metaphysically unsurpassable reality of death, over which they have no control,” he said. “They’re saying, ‘I will get the better of you, I will kill myself.’ They don’t even see how pathetic that is in the face of the enormity of the metaphysical reality of death — to say that this is actually control. It isn’t.” In Ottawa, Tang thinks Canada’s legal landscape now calls her to a higher, more exacting standard. “For those people who affirm the dignity of life at all stages, we’re just going to have to be really, really good at our craft now and to take care of our patients as best as possible,” said Tang. “Usually, if a patient sees that you care about them and that you are working your hardest to try to alleviate their suffering and their symptoms, they are going to be given a new sense of hope. That will allow you to work more with them, to give you a second chance. This may help us to hone our skills for those patients who want to continue working with you and not have their lives cut short.” Tweet Tagged under: assisted suicide euthanasia Health Canada MAID Related items Comment: Chris fought the good fight, leaving behind a life lesson Editorial: Plenty to discuss when Trudeau visits Pope Comment: Pro-life movement is in need of renewal ‘Tragic’ euthanasia law must be fought, Cardinal Müller tells Canadian audience March for Life: Euthanasia has 'brought shame' to Canada, says cardinal More in this category: « Pope Francis’ pain over TRC was ‘etched on his face,’ says Archbishop Smith Canadian bishops join forces with other faith groups for famine relief » Comments (0) There are no comments posted here yet   Quick Login Username Password Login Sign Up Leave your comments Posting comment as a guest. Sign up or login to your account. Attachments (0 / 3) Share Your Location Name (Required): Email Website Cancel Submit Comment Comment When good fortune smiles, sharing follows Bob Brehl writes about that time he won a car in a raffle. Faith Polish bishops see continuity between Francis and John Paul II’s teaching on family KRAKOW, Poland – The pastoral care of families was one of the… Pope's homily Hypocrisy destroys communities and hurts the Church Read the latest homily given by Pope Francis. Features Msgr. Ambrose Sheehy’s 50 years of memories include helping Mother Teresa Msgr. Ambrose Sheehy wanted to be a priest for as long as… THE DIGITAL EDITION NEWSLETTER   THIS ISSUE Print Edition: June 11, 2017 SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Latest News Most Read Latest Opinion Economist John Dillion was dedicated to social justice movement June 9, 2017 One year later: The reality of legalized medically assisted death June 9, 2017 Archbishop to become Lithuania's first beatified Soviet-era martyr June 9, 2017 Pope tells Nigerian priests to accept bishop or be suspended June 9, 2017 Pope Francis prays for victims of deadly Tehran attacks June 9, 2017 Mission completes divestment, oldest nun dies, teacher charged: News and Notes June 6, 2017 Battle for a living wage is a key to Church’s drive for social justice May 30, 2017 Cardinal Collins to make case for Bishop Michael Power’s sainthood May 30, 2017 Fear and anger haunt Christians in wake of mass Coptic slaughter in Egypt May 26, 2017 Trudeau asks Pope to apologize in Canada for residential schools May 29, 2017 Comment: Chris fought the good fight, leaving behind a life lesson By Mickey Conlon June 9, 2017 Editorial: Bishop Michael Power is a model of hope By Catholic Register Editorial June 8, 2017 Comment: When good fortune smiles, sharing follows By Robert Brehl June 8, 2017 Comment: On the contrary … adoption is a pro-life issue By Johanne Brownrigg June 5, 2017 Comment: There is still only one answer to tragedies like Manchester By Charles Lewis June 2, 2017 "Perspectives" Video Courtesy of Salt and Light Television Website News Opinion Faith Youth Speak News Education Features Arts Products The Catholic Register The Digital Edition Catholic Register Books About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of use Work Here History Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Services Advertising Donations FAQ
Latest News Dow 21,272 +89.44 +0.42% Nasdaq 6,208 -113.84 -1.80% S&P 500 2,432 -2.02 -0.08% 6/09 Updated Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot 6/09 Updated These women born before suffrage share their thoughts on the Trump era 6/09 Updated Soon you’ll be able to check into flights with a fingerprint — but should you? 6/09 Updated Is social media the new court of law for fashion copycats? 6/09 Updated Mortgages are unaffordable in half of America’s largest housing markets 6/09 Updated Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree all entrepreneurs need this quality 6/09 Updated Jerry Seinfeld reveals why he declined (three times) to hug Kesha 6/09 Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Updated The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel 6/09 BREAKING: James Comey’s congressional testimony drew 19.5 million viewers 6/09 Updated Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close 6/09 Opinion Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks 6/09 Is the largest inflow into bonds in over 2 years an ominous sign for bears or bulls? 6/09 Updated 2-year Treasury yield notches largest weekly gain since April 6/09 Airline passengers reach a new low and Jerry Seinfeld explains why he declined a hug 6/09 This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Trump: Qatar Funds Terrorism at 'Very High Level' 6/09 Updated Wall Street’s fear index bounces off 23-year low as tech stocks sink 6/09 Updated Trump Today: President says he didn’t ask Comey to ‘pledge allegiance’ to him 6/09 Exxon says it didn’t mislead investors on climate, calls claims ‘reckless’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance 10 things that actually make sense to buy in bulk By Natasha Burton Published: June 9, 2017 10:31 a.m. ET Share Don’t buy what you don’t need Getty Images Customers shop at Costco in Los Angeles. By NatashaBurton There’s something kind of daunting about buying in bulk. Does anyone actually finish 20 jars of pasta sauce? But buying in bulk really is a smart way to save—if you stock up on the right items. In addition to classics like paper towels, soap and detergent, these 10 items are perfect for purchasing en masse and scoring big savings. 1. Batteries Given their long shelf life, purchasing batteries in bulk is a no-brainer, says consumer savings pro Andrea Woroch. Big packs sold at warehouses like BJ’s and Costco COST, -0.57%   often have double the quantity for the same price as those sold at grocery and drugstores. 2. Gift cards You can score 20% off bulk packages of gift cards to movie theaters, restaurants, spas and more from warehouse clubs, says Woroch. Before you buy, just be sure you’ll actually use the cards. (Giftcardgranny.com also offers discount deals on gift cards.) 3. Vitamins Since vitamins are typically consumed daily, you won’t run the risk of them expiring before you’ve finished a large container. Woroch recommends looking for savings online at Vitamin World (using retailer coupon codes or Groupon GRPN, -0.65%  ) and comparing prices at Amazon, AMZN, -3.16%   Target TGT, +4.16%   and Wal-Mart. WMT, +0.62%   Typically, she says, you can find 30% off. 4. Bottled water Buying bottled water one at a time (like at a convenience store) can set you back $1 or more. Purchase a package at a warehouse club like Sam’s or even drugstores like Rite Aid RAD, -15.01%   and you can get closer to 40 for $4 (or 10 cents a bottle). 5. Meat Buying perishables in bulk usually isn’t a good idea — except for meat, which is easily frozen. The price per pound at a warehouse store is often significantly lower than at the grocery store — around $.99 versus $1.99 and up. “Suddenly Frugal” author Leah Ingram notes many box-store butchers will also cut the meat into 1-pound pieces and package it for you for free. 6. Diapers For parents with little ones, being strategic about diaper purchases—instead of running to the local store when your stash gets low—pays off. Ingram recommends subscription services like Amazon Family, which can save money (20% in this case) and time. 7. Greeting cards Buying cards individually can set you back $3 to $6, but a 48-pack card selection of celebrations and sentiments can cost under $20 on Amazon. “Buy a box at the beginning of the year. Not only do you save money, but you don’t have to make that last-minute trip to the store when you forget someone’s birthday,” says Michael Banks, founder of money site Fortunate Investor. 8. Holiday items After big holidays like Easter, Valentine’s Day and Christmas, stock up on wrapping paper, decorations and candy, which end up heavily discounted at drugstores in the days after the holiday. 9. Alcohol Instead of buying individual bottles, save 20% or more by stocking up on half or full cases of wine and liquor at your local liquor store, chain or online via Wine.com. Natasha Rachel Smith, consumer affairs pro at TopCashback.com, recommends stocking up the day after a major holiday (like Memorial Day), which is quiet for liquor stores. They’ll often offer discounts to attract customers. 10. Contact lenses As long as you don’t expect your prescription to change in the near future, you can buy contact lenses in three- or six-month packs, Smith says. Many retailers offer cash back for bulk lens orders: 1-800 Contacts offers up to 14% back for new customers while Wal-Mart offers 4%. Read the original article on Grow. More from Grow: How David Bach Became a Millionaire (and the Rest of Us Can, Too) They Paid Off $218K in Debt—Without Windfalls or Six-Figure Salaries Retire at 30? Save $1 Million on a $55,000 Salary? They Did It Quote References COST -1.03 -0.57% GRPN -0.02 -0.65% AMZN -31.96 -3.16% TGT +2.27 +4.16% WMT +0.49 +0.62% RAD -0.53 -15.01% Show all references Most Popular Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close Film Clip: 'The Mummy' Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.22% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.03% 10 yr fixed 2.89% 30 yr fixed refi 3.8% 15 yr fixed refi 3.02% 5/1 ARM 3.16% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.74% $75K HELOC 4.76% $100K HELOC 4.57% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $180.38 -1.03 (-0.57%) Volume 2.1M Open $181.71 High $181.93 Low $179.92 P/E Ratio 31.26 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 79.6B Groupon Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: GRPN $3.04 -0.02 (-0.65%) Volume 4.7M Open $3.05 High $3.09 Low $3.02 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $978.31 -31.96 (-3.16%) Volume 7.5M Open $1,013 High $1,013 Low $927.00 P/E Ratio 184.09 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.9B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $56.90 +2.27 (+4.16%) Volume 7.6M Open $54.96 High $57.07 Low $54.73 P/E Ratio 11.61 Div Yield 4.22 Market Cap 30.1B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.42 +0.49 (+0.62%) Volume 9.2M Open $79.03 High $79.56 Low $78.72 P/E Ratio 18.01 Div Yield 2.57 Market Cap 237.9B Rite Aid Corp. U.S.: NYSE: RAD $3.00 -0.53 (-15.01%) Volume 79.4M Open $3.53 High $3.58 Low $2.94 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.7B
Latest News Dow 21,272 +89.44 +0.42% Nasdaq 6,208 -113.84 -1.80% S&P 500 2,432 -2.02 -0.08% 6/09 Updated Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot 6/09 Updated These women born before suffrage share their thoughts on the Trump era 6/09 Updated Soon you’ll be able to check into flights with a fingerprint — but should you? 6/09 Updated Is social media the new court of law for fashion copycats? 6/09 Updated Mortgages are unaffordable in half of America’s largest housing markets 6/09 Updated Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree all entrepreneurs need this quality 6/09 Updated Jerry Seinfeld reveals why he declined (three times) to hug Kesha 6/09 Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Updated The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel 6/09 BREAKING: James Comey’s congressional testimony drew 19.5 million viewers 6/09 Updated Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close 6/09 Opinion Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks 6/09 Is the largest inflow into bonds in over 2 years an ominous sign for bears or bulls? 6/09 Updated 2-year Treasury yield notches largest weekly gain since April 6/09 Airline passengers reach a new low and Jerry Seinfeld explains why he declined a hug 6/09 This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 6/09 Trump: Qatar Funds Terrorism at 'Very High Level' 6/09 Updated Wall Street’s fear index bounces off 23-year low as tech stocks sink 6/09 Updated Trump Today: President says he didn’t ask Comey to ‘pledge allegiance’ to him 6/09 Exxon says it didn’t mislead investors on climate, calls claims ‘reckless’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance 10 things that actually make sense to buy in bulk By Natasha Burton Published: June 9, 2017 10:31 a.m. ET Share Don’t buy what you don’t need Getty Images Customers shop at Costco in Los Angeles. By NatashaBurton There’s something kind of daunting about buying in bulk. Does anyone actually finish 20 jars of pasta sauce? But buying in bulk really is a smart way to save—if you stock up on the right items. In addition to classics like paper towels, soap and detergent, these 10 items are perfect for purchasing en masse and scoring big savings. 1. Batteries Given their long shelf life, purchasing batteries in bulk is a no-brainer, says consumer savings pro Andrea Woroch. Big packs sold at warehouses like BJ’s and Costco COST, -0.57%   often have double the quantity for the same price as those sold at grocery and drugstores. 2. Gift cards You can score 20% off bulk packages of gift cards to movie theaters, restaurants, spas and more from warehouse clubs, says Woroch. Before you buy, just be sure you’ll actually use the cards. (Giftcardgranny.com also offers discount deals on gift cards.) 3. Vitamins Since vitamins are typically consumed daily, you won’t run the risk of them expiring before you’ve finished a large container. Woroch recommends looking for savings online at Vitamin World (using retailer coupon codes or Groupon GRPN, -0.65%  ) and comparing prices at Amazon, AMZN, -3.16%   Target TGT, +4.16%   and Wal-Mart. WMT, +0.62%   Typically, she says, you can find 30% off. 4. Bottled water Buying bottled water one at a time (like at a convenience store) can set you back $1 or more. Purchase a package at a warehouse club like Sam’s or even drugstores like Rite Aid RAD, -15.01%   and you can get closer to 40 for $4 (or 10 cents a bottle). 5. Meat Buying perishables in bulk usually isn’t a good idea — except for meat, which is easily frozen. The price per pound at a warehouse store is often significantly lower than at the grocery store — around $.99 versus $1.99 and up. “Suddenly Frugal” author Leah Ingram notes many box-store butchers will also cut the meat into 1-pound pieces and package it for you for free. 6. Diapers For parents with little ones, being strategic about diaper purchases—instead of running to the local store when your stash gets low—pays off. Ingram recommends subscription services like Amazon Family, which can save money (20% in this case) and time. 7. Greeting cards Buying cards individually can set you back $3 to $6, but a 48-pack card selection of celebrations and sentiments can cost under $20 on Amazon. “Buy a box at the beginning of the year. Not only do you save money, but you don’t have to make that last-minute trip to the store when you forget someone’s birthday,” says Michael Banks, founder of money site Fortunate Investor. 8. Holiday items After big holidays like Easter, Valentine’s Day and Christmas, stock up on wrapping paper, decorations and candy, which end up heavily discounted at drugstores in the days after the holiday. 9. Alcohol Instead of buying individual bottles, save 20% or more by stocking up on half or full cases of wine and liquor at your local liquor store, chain or online via Wine.com. Natasha Rachel Smith, consumer affairs pro at TopCashback.com, recommends stocking up the day after a major holiday (like Memorial Day), which is quiet for liquor stores. They’ll often offer discounts to attract customers. 10. Contact lenses As long as you don’t expect your prescription to change in the near future, you can buy contact lenses in three- or six-month packs, Smith says. Many retailers offer cash back for bulk lens orders: 1-800 Contacts offers up to 14% back for new customers while Wal-Mart offers 4%. Read the original article on Grow. More from Grow: How David Bach Became a Millionaire (and the Rest of Us Can, Too) They Paid Off $218K in Debt—Without Windfalls or Six-Figure Salaries Retire at 30? Save $1 Million on a $55,000 Salary? They Did It Quote References COST -1.03 -0.57% GRPN -0.02 -0.65% AMZN -31.96 -3.16% TGT +2.27 +4.16% WMT +0.49 +0.62% RAD -0.53 -15.01% Show all references Most Popular Sex in an airplane seat? Making staff cry? Why airline passengers have lost the plot Pay attention to the ominous pattern in big technology stocks The Nasdaq just blew its biggest lead in more than a year as tech stocks unravel Nasdaq tumbles on tech selloff while Dow climbs to record close Film Clip: 'The Mummy' Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.22% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.03% 10 yr fixed 2.89% 30 yr fixed refi 3.8% 15 yr fixed refi 3.02% 5/1 ARM 3.16% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.74% $75K HELOC 4.76% $100K HELOC 4.57% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $180.38 -1.03 (-0.57%) Volume 2.1M Open $181.71 High $181.93 Low $179.92 P/E Ratio 31.26 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 79.6B Groupon Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: GRPN $3.04 -0.02 (-0.65%) Volume 4.7M Open $3.05 High $3.09 Low $3.02 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $978.31 -31.96 (-3.16%) Volume 7.5M Open $1,013 High $1,013 Low $927.00 P/E Ratio 184.09 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.9B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $56.90 +2.27 (+4.16%) Volume 7.6M Open $54.96 High $57.07 Low $54.73 P/E Ratio 11.61 Div Yield 4.22 Market Cap 30.1B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.42 +0.49 (+0.62%) Volume 9.2M Open $79.03 High $79.56 Low $78.72 P/E Ratio 18.01 Div Yield 2.57 Market Cap 237.9B Rite Aid Corp. U.S.: NYSE: RAD $3.00 -0.53 (-15.01%) Volume 79.4M Open $3.53 High $3.58 Low $2.94 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.7B
Sections Home The Corner Bench Memos Morning Jolt The G-File Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts All Articles Search Donate E-mails & Alerts Subscribe Print Subscribe Digital Store Advertising About Contact Privacy NR Institute The Corner National Review Login Understanding Economic Nationalism Container ship on the Savannah River in 2015 (Photo: Throughthelens2014/Dreamstime) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Darren J. Beattie June 9, 2017 4:00 AM The free market of Goldman Sachs is not the free market of the lemonade stand. From the immediate abandonment of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), to the recent “hire American buy American” executive order, to the strong likelihood of serious and important steps to renegotiate NAFTA, there is much in President Trump’s actions thus far in his term to encourage his economic-nationalist base. Far less encouraging, however, is the sorry state of public discourse about the president’s economic-nationalist policies, particularly on trade. Ideological opponents of the president’s economic-nationalist agenda have barely graduated from superficial charges of “protectionism.” And those who are formerly opposed, such as Speaker Paul Ryan, have fallen conveniently silent on the trade issue, offering no public acknowledgment or principled justification for the apparent (and likely temporary) departure from GOP orthodoxy. Even the president’s most vocal proponents have yet to advance substantially beyond the indispensable yet incomplete rhetoric of an “America First” trade policy that is “free yet fair.” What follows is a brief, concentrated attempt to disentangle some of the ideological assumptions underlying the present rhetoric in the hope that this will serve as a first step toward a more mature and relevant discourse on economic policy. First, it will be useful to examine typical critiques leveled at various economic-nationalist policies. The Standard Critique: Lower Costs Benefit Consumers Criticisms of Trump-style economic nationalism — particularly criticisms from the conservative and libertarian intelligentsia — tend to conform to a specific structure. That is, such criticisms emphasize the direct benefit to consumers in the form of lower-priced goods when corporations cut production costs by, say, outsourcing production overseas or “insourcing” cheap labor via immigration. Tariffs, immigration restrictions, and other such impediments to the free market might serve the special interests of workers in some specific industries, but they do so at the expense of the general consumer. The great economist Milton Friedman made such arguments with special eloquence and persuasiveness, as do most conservative and libertarian pundits who understand themselves to belong to the tradition of Friedman’s thought. The problem with criticisms of this sort is not that they are wrong but that they are incomplete. Indeed, it is quite true that lower production costs due to outsourcing and immigration can translate into lower prices for consumers. A comprehensive cost-benefit analysis of economic-nationalist policies on trade and immigration, however, would take into account not only the higher prices consumers might face as a result of tariffs or immigration restrictions but also the higher unemployment and lower wages that would result from the absence of a given protectionist policy. Such analysis would examine both the concentrated burden on those directly put out of work and the dispersed burden on taxpayers from the associated social and economic consequences of higher unemployment. A sober, undogmatic assessment along these lines would provide a more accurate picture of the winners and losers of various protectionist policies from the perspective of corporations, taxpayers, consumers, and workers in the affected industries. With a few welcome exceptions, critics of economic-nationalist policies are not undertaking this sort of dispassionate cost-benefit analysis. To understand why this is the case, we must recognize the ideological underpinnings of much of the orthodox conservative resistance to economic nationalism. Toward this end, we shall turn to a brief analysis of the “free market” framework that informs much of orthodox conservatism’s rhetoric and ideological commitments. Disentangling the ‘Free Market’: Goldman Sachs vs. the Lemonade Stand According to the “free market” ideology in question, restrictions on economic activity — even “fair” restrictions designed to protect American workers — are incompatible not only with free trade but also with free-market principles generally and with the associated individual “freedoms” and “liberty” that unrestrained economic activity represents. Within this broader ideological framework, “free market” economic policies pertaining to trade, financial regulation, and labor markets fall within the same ambit and implicitly assume the moral and philosophical significance of policies pertaining to individual liberty, as though the “free market” of Goldman Sachs, Walmart, and the multinational corporation were the same as the “free market” of the family small business or the neighborhood lemonade stand. This is not to impugn the ideals of individual liberty, self-reliance, competition, and entrepreneurial initiative often (and often correctly) associated with the free market. Rather, this is to suggest that the unreflective association of these ideals with the preferred “free market” trade and immigration policies of large corporations now obscures more than it reveals about the desirability of various economic-nationalist policies. It is entirely possible therefore to support tariffs, immigration restrictions, and various other restrictions on the free market in a manner that benefits the American worker and that is also consistent with the highest respect for individual freedom, enterprise, self-reliance, and other virtues of capitalism. Certain economic-nationalist restrictions on major corporations might in fact be the most conducive route to the proper cultivation of individual liberty and enterprise. In many cases (though not all), certain economic-nationalist restrictions on major corporations might in fact be the most conducive route to the proper cultivation of individual liberty and enterprise. Indeed, the genuine and organic connection between individual self-reliance and enterprise, on the one hand, and absolutist laissez-faire capitalism, on the other, seems to weaken as the business grows larger and larger. That is, the larger the corporation, the more it is governed by the harsh logic of economies of scale, by which per-unit costs decrease as they are spread out over a larger number of goods, and the cynical necessities of lobbying industry. These features are at best indifferent to freedom and individual liberty. To repeat our preferred comparison, the individual virtues associated with a child’s neighborhood lemonade stand, or, say, with building a thriving local business are not necessarily those encouraged by dominant, international corporate behemoths of retail, agribusiness, and Silicon Valley. Free-Market Ideology and the Cold War As timelessly important as the virtues and freedoms associated with capitalism are, it is equally important to understand the Cold War context that gave rise to the ideology according to which those virtues came to be associated with a wide range of economic policies relevant to large corporations and financial institutions. The Soviets who posed an existential geopolitical threat to the United States embraced a generally classical Marxist philosophy that was both an economic and a moral doctrine. In the context of the Soviet threat, it’s perhaps understandable that great economic and political thinkers such as Milton Friedman would help to fashion a competing ideology that was not optimally tailored to accommodate a nuanced appreciation of economic-nationalist concerns. Their more pressing concern was to defend against the threat to individual liberties, which came primarily from the concentrated power of Soviet-style socialist economies. But today’s threats of concentrated power do not seem to conform to the “government dangerous, private sector benign” picture as easily as they may have during the Cold War. This is because 1) the distinction between public and private seems to no longer apply to many of the most powerful sectors of the economy, and 2) new forms of technology have enabled equally dangerous concentrations of power to accrue in the private sector (think of Silicon Valley). So, with the end of the Cold War, we must reevaluate the relationship between economics and liberty. Today’s threats of concentrated power do not seem to conform to the ‘government dangerous, private sector benign’ picture as easily as they may have during the Cold War. Furthermore, several structural features in the economy have accelerated since the end of the Cold War that severely threaten the middle class, whose robust health is often considered indispensable to a culture of individual freedom. Even from an enterprise standpoint, a safety net such as a Universal Basic Income — a notion that is anathema to many libertarians and conservatives today — might turn out to encourage a kind of entrepreneurialism that is especially compatible with the high-risk, high-reward, winner-take-all pay-off structure of the 21st-century economy. Conservatives and libertarians who remain shackled to a Cold War economic ideology ought to take note that Milton Friedman himself stated that his chief purpose was not to advocate for one specific economic agenda over another but rather to protect individual liberties and free enterprise from the threats of concentrated power. If the nature and context of such threats have changed in the post-Soviet decades, then an economic-nationalist reconsideration of the relationship between individual liberty and economic policy might conform to the spirit, if not entirely the letter, of Friedman’s thought. Of course, economic nationalists themselves must take note of the extent to which lingering ideological baggage from the Cold War may undermine the effectiveness of their discourse, much of which emphasizes (correctly) that contemporary economic policy has devolved into “crony capitalism” — a corrupt version of the free-market ideology of the Cold War. While this is true and well worth repeating, a sophisticated and sustainable vocabulary of economic nationalism must go beyond this critique to address the coherence and continued relevance of a free-market ideology that, for all its virtues, may not be optimally suited in its traditional form to navigate the emerging challenges of a 21st-century economy. We must address the special challenges that American workers face in the contemporary economy, but also — and perhaps more important — we must effectively defend individual liberty, enterprise, and freedom. These ideals face emerging threats not foreseen by the Cold War conservative and libertarian giants on whose shoulders we all stand. — Darren J. Beattie is a political theorist who has taught courses on politics and globalization in the United States and Europe. More Stories Load More Photo Essay C-5 Galaxy   Trending on National Review     About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
Saturday, June 10th Contact the News-Press Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit a Classified Ad Advertising Information Display Advertising Rates Contact Our Ad Team Advertising Calendar Subscribe Subscribe to Paper FCNP Daily Updates News Commentary Local Commentary National Commentary Around F.C. Arts & Entertainment Business Letters Sports Crime You are here: Home » News » Black Squirrel Brings 26 Taps, Duck-Fat Burgers & Poutine To Dunn Loring Next Week Black Squirrel Brings 26 Taps, Duck-Fat Burgers & Poutine To Dunn Loring Next Week June 8, 2017 5:41 PM0 comments By Jody Fellows BLACK SQUIRREL OWNER Amy Bowman shows off the lamp shade-covered ceiling of her new restaurant set to open its doors in Dunn Loring next week. (Photo: Jody Fellows) The first thing you notice when walking into the new Black Squirrel in Merrifield is the ceiling. It’s impossible to miss. Countless lamp shades hang from above like multicolored stalactites, coming together to form the centerpiece of Dunn Loring’s eclectic new gastropub. “I put those up first,” says Amy Bowman, admiring the shade menagerie overhead which took her five trips back-and-forth to Ikea and Walmart to create. “I designed everything around that.” That ceiling — along with everything else in her new restaurant — she’s had a long time to think about. After four years of planning, Bowman is set to open the second edition of her Washington, D.C. gastropub next week at the corner of Gallows Road and Avenir Place. With a prime spot in the four-year-old Modera Avenir Place development, she couldn’t have asked for a better location, facing the busy commuter thoroughfare and next door to the Dunn Loring Metro station. Up until now, The Black Squirrel has been strictly a neighborhood affair, serving the Adams Morgan crowd on 18th Street for the past 10 years. But when it came time for expansion, Bowman had no trouble picking her next destination. “The Northern Virginia location was a no-brainer,” she says. “There’s only half a million people in D.C. Virginia is unlimited.” So much so, that while Merrifield was her pick for restaurant number two, Bowman says the third and maybe even fourth Black Squirrel will also be on this side of the Potomac. She has plans to open a restaurant in Reston Town Center next year and then possibly another one in Falls Church off Route 50 in Seven Corners after that. But for now, all her attention is focused on Dunn Loring. The new Merrifield version of The Black Squirrel will follow much of the same blueprint as its sibling in the District, meaning loads of beer, wine and liquor and a menu filled with things like wings, poutine, five-cheese mac and cheese and burgers spiked with duck fat (more on those later) to soak it all up. But while there’s lots of carryover from the Adams Morgan lineup, Bowman brought in veteran chef Thomas Crenshaw to tweak the menu and put his own spin on things. “There’s nothing like [The Black Squirrel] right here,” Crenshaw says of Merrifield. “Yeah, there’s small plates and craft beer, but not the full package.” That full package includes a true farm-to-table operation with a menu and changing dishes throughout the week reflecting the availability of seasonal items from local suppliers like Breezy Meadow Farms in Lovettsville and Snider’s Sprouts in Springfield. A regularly-updated chalkboard will detail the sources of ingredients on any given day. Crenshaw says he intentionally limited the sandwich and entree selections because he wants to bring more specials into the mix — up to seven a week — using in-season fruits, vegetables and cheeses. “It’s a little ambitious,” he admits. A veteran of Arlington’s Willow Restaurant and D.C. kitchens J. Paul’s and Chef Geoff’s among others, Crenshaw is originally from the midwest so it’s practically a given he’s a meat guy, and with a stint in Seattle, he’s big on seafood, too. That’s why on the tentative opening menu you should expect to find dishes like pastrami-spiced lamb and a New York strip steak next to Arctic char and mussels from Prince Edward Island. And about those burgers… Bowman’s crowd-favorite patties make the trek to Merrifield with only a slight change. While the beef will still get hit with the duck fat on the grill (“It gives the burger that umami,” says Bowman), the burger grind will now be a mix of chuck, brisket and short rib. “When we opened 10 years ago, we were some of the first to do upscale burgers,” she says. “Now it’s time to up my game.” And it wouldn’t be The Black Squirrel without a massive lineup of craft beer. Though Dunn Loring won’t feature 57 taps like Bowman once had in Adams Morgan, the 26 draft lines planned — with an emphasis on Virginia breweries — should be plenty for most any beer aficionado (for the first few weeks, Bowman says she’s also planning on having some rarer beers on tap). The Commonwealth will also be well-represented on the wine and liquor front, too, with booze from places like Purcellville’s Catoctin Creek and Richmond’s Belle Isle Craft Spirits and, for the green fairy fans, absinthe by Mt. Defiance Distillery in Middleburg. The Black Squirrel Dunn Loring is smaller than the Adams Morgan location (3,500 square feet vs. 5,000) but will feature a large patio with outdoor seating. And from the start, the restaurant will serve lunch and dinner daily along with weekend brunch on both Saturday and Sunday. With only a few inspections remaining, Bowman says she’s aiming to debut her new restaurant next Wednesday. “As soon as we get our permits approved, we’re opening,” she avows. After four years, you can bet she’s ready.   The Black Squirrel | 2670 Avenir Place | Vienna | facebook.com/BlackSquirrelVA Share this: Print Email Tweet Comments comments Tweet Subscribe to daily updates, breaking news and more from the News-Press: Latest News Critter Corner: Mack George Mason HS Summer Academy is in Full Swing This Week in Sports: Girls Lacrosse Mason Girls Soccer Secures 6-0 Win Over Graham, Advances to State Finals Mount Daniel Construction Update Take Our Poll Falls Church News-Press Online Contact the News-Press Contact Our Ad Team Advertise in the News-Press Subscribe to the News-Press News Commentary Around F.C. Arts & Entertainment Business Letters Sports Crime search: © Copyright 2017 — Falls Church News-Press Online. All Rights Reserved close Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Press "Like" to read BelarusFeed on Facebook Thanks! I already like BelarusFeed Thanks! Menu News Lifestyle Tech Events Belarusian Biscuits Coming To U.S. Walmart 1 day ago Facebook Prev Article Next Article The Belarusian confectionery producer Slodych plans to produce a special lineup of biscuits for the U.S. stores, BelTA learned from First Deputy Chairman of Belgospishcheprom concern Igor Shustov during the international agricultural expo Belagro 2017. “This year we have quite an ambitious strategy to get a foothold in the U.S. market. We have met with Walmart’s representatives. We plan to produce an exclusive lineup of biscuits for the U.S. market and start selling it in the U.S. retail stores in autumn,” Igor Shustov noted. Belgospishcheprom companies redoubled the efforts to enter the Chinese market. “We have been to Shanghai and are now planning to visit Guangzhou and Hong Kong. We have received Chinese delegates and accompanied them to all our plants. They were quite satisfied with everything they had seen. The Chinese side is interested in our confectionery in the first place,” Igor Shustov remarked. For her part, Belgospishcheprom Domestic Sales and Foreign Trade Coordinator Yelena Malinovskaya highlighted that Belgospishcheprom companies have been instructed to branch out into new promising markets. In January-April 2017 they supplied $6.7 million worth of products to these markets that accounted for 4.7% of the Belgospishcheprom’s exports. Today Belgospishcheprom companies are selling into 60 countries. Yelena Malinovskaya added that Belgosphishcheprom’s major companies are taking part in Belagro 2017. The international agricultural expo Belagro 2017 is taking place in the trade and logistics center Globus Park in the agro-town Shchomyslitsa, Minsk District on 6-10 June. The expo features the most promising areas in crop production, cattle and poultry breeding, the latest product processing, packaging and storage technologies, and also a variety of agricultural equipment. Taking part in the Belagro 2017 are nearly 500 companies from 25 countries. Source: BelTA Not Only Draniki! 17 Belarusian Foods You Should Definitely Try Facebook Prev Article Next Article Related Posts Belarus Wins First Gold At Rio Paralympics 09/09/2016 BSU Listed Among World’s Top Universities By Times Higher Education 22/09/2016 First Medical And Pharmaceutical Cluster Opens In Belarus 20/10/2016 Belarus’ Runner Alina Talay Wins Silver In Dusseldorf 02/02/2017 Steven Seagal Meets Lukashenko and Belarusians Go Crazy About It 25/08/2016 FM: Belarus May Extend Visa-Free Stay In Future 03/02/2017 Find us on Facebook Popular Posts BSU Jumps Up In World’s Top Universities Ranking 20 Hearty Beer Sets. New Food Festival Underway In Minsk BelarusFeed Copyright © 2017.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime posted: 6/9/2017 1:00 AM Fox Valley police reports Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Carpentersville • Residents reported Monday that graffiti had been spray painted on the side of a house in the 300 block of Wakefield Drive and on a fence in the 100 block of Bolz Road, police records show. • Two people were seen stealing a generator Monday from Menards on Randall Road, police said. They drove off in a red Ford Ranger. • Ciera Lewis, 23, of Hanover Park, and Autry R. Valencia, 18, of Carpentersville, were charged Sunday with retail theft, police said. They are accused of stealing $409 worth of merchandise from Walmart on Lake Marian Drive. • Someone broke into a vacant home in the 1700 block of Papoose Road between 4 p.m. Saturday and about 6:15 p.m. Sunday, police records show. A door to the garage, a service door to the kitchen, a refrigerator and a window were damaged. • Marisela Sotelo, 20, of Elgin, and two juveniles were charged June 2 with retail theft, Carpentersville police said. They are accused of stealing merchandise from Kohl's in Spring Hill Mall. Sotelo's next court date is June 22. • About $17,000 in cash, two LG tablets, boxes of clothes and jewelry, including an $8,000 ring, were reported stolen June 2 from a home in the 0-100 block of Golfview Lane, police said. • Tyler J. Wills, 21, of East Dundee, was charged June 2 with retail theft, police records show. He is accused of stealing $76 worth of merchandise from Walmart on Lake Marian Road. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Elgin Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Carpentersville East Dundee Elgin Police Blotter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing Why Small Data Is the New Big Data Mar 24, 2016 Books Business Radio Podcasts Global Focus North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Subscribe on iTunes! mic Listen to the podcast: Martin Lindstrom discusses his new book about 'small data' http://media.blubrry.com/kw/p/d1c25a6gwz7q5e.cloudfront.net/audio/160225_KWRadio_Lindstrom.mp3 Supports K@W's Marketing Content Martin Lindstrom has spent time with 2,000 families in more than 77 countries to get clues to how they live — resulting in the acquisition of what he likes to call Small Data. In his new book, Small Data: The Tiny Clues That Uncover Huge Trends, he argues that the Small Data explains the why behind what Big Data reveals. Knowledge@Wharton recently spoke with Lindstrom on the Knowledge@Wharton show on Wharton Business Radio on SiriusXM channel 111. An edited transcript of the conversation follows. Knowledge@Wharton: I wanted to start with an old line that has been around forever: “Don’t sweat the small stuff.” It seems like the opposite is true, correct? Martin Lindstrom: Absolutely. The issue right now is that the corporate world has become completely blinded by Big Data. But it’s very, very hard to describe emotions using data. That is where the issue is. A great example of how powerful Small Data is, in fact, the story back to 2002 where the Lego company was almost going bankrupt. What they did was rely on Big Data. They concluded that the instant gratification generation would kill their product. So they changed the size of the small, tiny bricks to huge building blocks. In 2003, the company was almost going into bankruptcy mode. What happened was that the company decided to go into the homes of consumers across Europe. They met up with this young kid, an 11-year-old German boy, and they asked him, “What are you most proud of?” The kid replied back, “This pair of sneakers.” He showed them an old, worn-down pair of sneakers. Then he said why. He said, “Well, because it shows I’m the best skater in town. If I slide down the skateboard, I am number one, and this is my evidence.” [Inspired that conversation with the boy, and realizing the quality of insights that could be gained by talking with individuals, Lego employed those methods and] … changed the size of the Lego bricks back to the tiny bricks, invented the Lego Movie and today is number one…. Knowledge@Wharton: That’s amazing that something so innocuous as that conversation really changes the path of a major company. We have seen the unbelievable success that they have had over the last decade. Lindstrom: Absolutely. It’s happening more and more. I think it’s fair to say if you take the top 100 biggest innovations of our time, perhaps around 60% to 65% are really based on Small Data. It’s everything from Snapchat, which was basically discovered by coincidence, to even the Post-It note. The issue here is that as we become so obsessed with Big Data we forget about the creativity. You have to remember that Big Data is all about analyzing the past, but it has nothing to do with the future. Small Data, which I define as seemingly insignificant observations you identify in consumers’ homes, is everything from how you place your shoes to how you hang your paintings. I call those the emotional DNA we leave behind ourselves…. You need the hypothesis first before you start to mine it and find correlations. “If you take the top 100 biggest innovations of our time, perhaps around 60% to 65% percent are really based on Small Data.” Knowledge@Wharton: Please explain the difference between Big Data and what we’re talking about here with Small Data. Lindstrom: Big Data is all about finding correlations in enormous amounts of data. An example would be back in 2012 where Google was analyzing the search algorithms and concluded that they could predict a flu outbreak a couple of days before it would happen based on people typing in the word “flu.”… The whole medical society was now preordering all their pharmaceutical products in advance because they had that warning, which was great. But just recently the Center for Disease Control concluded that Google had been completely wrong. In fact, the numbers were two times of what they should have been because people were not just typing in “flu….” Big Data is all about finding correlations, but Small Data is all about finding the causation, the reason why. A simple question in a home would actually reveal that these numbers were probably a little bit too optimistic. That is what we forget as we become so obsessed with proving everything with numbers. Knowledge@Wharton: You share in the book a variety of different examples of this. I wanted to bring up a couple of them because the one that really jumped out first was the fact that you talk about smartphone usage. Let’s be honest: If you don’t have a smartphone, you’re very much in the minority today. The use of a smartphone can collect so much information about people right now. Lindstrom: It absolutely can. It can tell an enormous amount about who we are and what we’re dreaming about. It can also encapsulate the users of the phone into somewhat of a conclusion about a whole nation, which I find fascinating. Sponsored Content: One of the things I’ve done over the last 10 years is to spend a tremendous amount of time in consumer homes. It’s more than 2,000 homes I either lived in or visited across 77 different countries. You start to get a sense for what’s going on. What is fascinating is that if you take the Russian culture, for example, you will notice that they are not smiling a lot. In fact, they are very introverted. If you take the Saudi Arabian culture, you’ll notice that there is not a lot of water there. There is not a lot of greenery. Now if I go back to the smartphone and look at the use of emojis, you will notice that the number one emoji used for Russia is a smiley. It’s actually a smiley with the hearts. The number one emoji used for Saudi Arabia happened to be a potted plant. The number one usage in UK is the wink because they have this funny, awkward British humor. A whole population can actually be squeezed into a little signal, a little piece of Small Data, which actually first makes sense when you know the culture, when you spend time in the homes. That is the fine balance we’re talking about…. Knowledge@Wharton: You have worked with quite an array of companies over your career. How are they trying to use this data and reach consumers in a more effective manner? How are they affected by this shift and maybe even a growing focus on Small Data? Lindstrom: What we started to learn right now is that those companies which are completely reliant on Big Data actually have started to have a problem. The best example is Walmart, which came up with the second profit warning just recently. They had the largest data-mining warehouse in the world, period. It gives you a good sense of where we are. One of my clients is Lowes Foods, which is a North Carolina-based company. What they have done is to actually live with the consumer. They are living in the community to understand the Small Data, pick them up. As a result, they now have become much more focused on embedding themselves into the community and actually creating a community inside the store. As you enter their store, they have now created an amazing community where every staff member acts in a character mood, based on Small Data. You have the sausage works where they’re creating handmade sausages in the supermarket, and they even have Halloween sausages glowing in the dark. I’m not kidding. They have a chicken kitchen where they’re dancing in the middle of everything when they have the chicken ready from the oven…. What the customers are telling me when I interview them in the store is, “I feel at home. I feel like my community is coming back.” This is the essence of what we discovered when we were searching around for Small Data. We learned that the physical community is dying. It’s all moving into a cloud. People start to feel this huge desire for tactile interaction with people, to see people, because the only thing we touch is our smartphone in the morning. So that was a concrete example about how a retailer completely turned around and is now one of the fastest growing in the region because they’re listening to the consumer and the Small Data. “Big Data is all about finding correlations, but Small Data is all about finding the causation, the reason why.” Knowledge@Wharton: In some respects, we’ve seen that happen over the last several years, but it still is a process where a lot of the companies don’t buy in 100%. That ends up becoming one of their biggest downfalls…. Lindstrom: Recently I did a speech for 3,000 executives here in New York City. I asked them to raise their hand if they spent at least one or two days in a consumer home over the last year. Two people raised their hands. That shows everything, as I tend to say. If you have a girlfriend or a boyfriend, you wouldn’t describe that person based on, “Well, I love her because she’s 6′ 7″ tall, and I love the four last digits of her cell phone number. They really turn me on.” Right? No, we have to have that emotional aspect. It’s very tricky for CEOs and senior managers to understand this because they are so reliant on sitting in meetings and meeting rooms behind screens. Suddenly they have to strip that whole identity away from themselves and go into real consumer homes. That’s where I think the younger generation will start to get it. I’ll tell you one thing: If I were 15 or 18 or 20 or 25 years of age right now, the first thing I would do is to understand deep consumer psychology by spending time in consumer homes … because that is going to be the biggest asset in the future. Every company wants that. Knowledge@Wharton: If you went back 20 to 30 years, how many CEOs would spend a day or two in the home of a consumer or a couple of consumers? That wouldn’t even be a thought in the process. Now it has to be? Lindstrom: Now it has to be…. I had the honor of spending time with the founder and the owner of IKEA, Ingvar Kamprad, and I’ll tell you a funny story. I went into one of his stores in Stockholm in Sweden many years ago, and I had to meet up with him. He was nowhere to be seen in the office. So I said to the staff, “Where is he?” They said, “Well, he’s probably at the usual spot.” I said, “Where is that?” [They said] “That is at the check out.” So I went down to the cash registers. Guess what, they were right. He was sitting behind one of the cash registers and checking people out. I said to him, “Why are you doing that?” He said, “Because this is the cheapest and the most efficient research ever. I can ask everyone why they choose it and why they didn’t choose it.” This is the essence of how good business leaders are. We lost touch with that. Because we’re so busy, we use that as an excuse for not being present. But I think if you take the good upcoming entrepreneurial business leaders right now, like the Gopro founder, [they are] very much hands-on with the real audience. He knows what they’re thinking. He has been in the shoes of a consumer and thinks like them. That instinct can only be established if you’re really present in the homes. If you just look at numbers, you will never establish an instinct like that. Knowledge@Wharton: How has the Internet affected Small Data? Lindstrom: Well, it affects us in a very, very smart way. On one hand, you have the large companies like the Amazons and the eBays of the world, which are thriving on Big Data. A lot of small businesses have been made to believe that they have to follow that trend. But I’ll tell you one thing that is really interesting. As you may be aware, Amazon just recently opened their first bricks-and-mortar store in Seattle…. Now why did they do that?  I think the answer very simply is that we think the book sales are flattening out on Amazon and even the Kindle sales are not growing much more anymore. So they’re trying to find other avenues. Now their Big Data is telling them that they have to have a physical interaction…. I recently did the keynote at the American Bookseller Association (ABA) in Denver. As I spoke to these independent booksellers across the world, I said to them, “Aren’t you afraid of Amazon?” They all said exactly the same, “No way, and I’ll tell you why.” They said, “Because they do not embed themselves into the community.” Because every bookstore today is embedding themselves into the community…. They’re talking with authors, integrating themselves. I met up with a bookstore with ten staff, which is running more than 1,000 book events a year. This is becoming their lives. Now this is also reflective of the power of big and Small Data because remember they are both like a ying and yang where Big Data on the Internet is good at going down the transaction path if you click, pick and run. You could say that the Small Data is fueling the experiential shopping, the feeling of community, the feeling of the senses — all that stuff you can’t replicate online…. What I tend to say is that they are two partners in a dance. We just need to make sure that both are present. We can’t live on one person dancing with himself, right? “The physical community is dying. It’s all moving into a cloud. People start to feel this huge desire for tactile interaction with people.” Knowledge@Wharton: How much do you think the use of Small Data will really continue to grow because of the change of generations? Lindstrom: We’ve gone too far down the track of the Big Data. It’s not just me saying this. We work and interact a lot with Big Data companies. They are almost all of them saying to us, “You’re right. We need that hypothesis to mine our data.” But people don’t want to even listen to it because it’s not fashionable to talk about this. What we’re seeing happening right now is the pendulum is swinging back again. We will see people say, “Hey, that’s great with those Big Data. But we probably need to find some great hypotheses.” A great example of that is a major bank here in the U.S which just recently [mined] their data, concluding that they had too much churn. Churn is basically when people are just moving on with the bank accounts and they’re just leaving. They were concluding that people were not happy. So they started to prepare these letters and send them out to all the customers saying, “Why are you not happy?” Just half a day of interviews, with consumers in their homes, revealed that these consumers were not leaving; in fact, they had just gone through a divorce and one of the two has to change their accounts. That is what I think we’re starting to realize right now. What you have to remember is that as robots and technology take over, we humans will become and will have to become smarter. A good example is the auto-driving Google cars. What they realized was that two or three of those accidents were not because of the car; it was because the humans were overriding the rules set by the computer in the car. Suddenly we had this game going on. And that will continue. As Big Data tries to become smarter, the human will become even smarter. That’s the reason why we’ll see the future will be all about those people who can add that creativity to that game, who can think differently. Small Data: The Tiny Clues That Uncover Huge Trends Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Why Small Data Is the New Big Data." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 24 March, 2016. Web. 10 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/small-data-new-big-data/> APA Why Small Data Is the New Big Data. Knowledge@Wharton (2016, March 24). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/small-data-new-big-data/ Chicago "Why Small Data Is the New Big Data" Knowledge@Wharton, March 24, 2016, accessed June 10, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/small-data-new-big-data/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing Is Hosting the Olympics Good or Bad for a Nation’s Brand? Does hosting a major international sports event help or hurt a nation’s brand? The image polishing and profit expectations do not always lead to gold. Management Building Diversity: The People That Analytics Often Leaves Behind Facebook’s head of diversity and other experts talked about the challenges of supporting racial minorities in the workforce at the recent Wharton People Analytics Conference. Sponsored Content The CFO Imperative: Next-Gen Technology Drives Cost Optimization Cost-optimization strategies must include IT and business initiatives to make sure investments are maximized for long-term growth and profits. In this effort, next-generation technology becomes a critical partner.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment Anumakonda Jagadeesh Outstanding. Today Big data has become a buzz word. The concept of big data has been around for years; most organizations now understand that if they capture all the data that streams into their businesses, they can apply analytics and get significant value from it. But even in the 1950s, decades before anyone uttered the term “big data,” businesses were using basic analytics (essentially numbers in a spreadsheet that were manually examined) to uncover insights and trends. The new benefits that big data analytics brings to the table, however, are speed and efficiency. Whereas a few years ago a business would have gathered information, run analytics and unearthed information that could be used for future decisions, today that business can identify insights for immediate decisions. The ability to work faster – and stay agile – gives organizations a competitive edge they didn’t have before.However there are reservations from some experts on Big data wider applications. Here is a debate on Big Vs small data: Small data is one of the ways that businesses are now drawing back from a kind of obsession with the latest and newest technologies that support more sophisticated business processes. Those promoting small data contend that it’s important for businesses to use their resources efficiently and avoid overspending on certain types of technologies. Why Small Data? • Big Data is hard: Doing it at scale and waiting for trickle down benefits can take time. Not to mention the fact that most marketers and online strategists don’t need full-on Big Data to target their campaigns or deliver personalized experiences. • Small data is all around us: Social channels are rich with small data that is ready to be collected to inform marketing and buyer decisions. At a personal level, we are constantly creating this small data each time we check in, search, browse, post etc., creating a unique signature that provides a glimpse into our digital and physical health • Small data is at the center of the new CRM : Social CRM used to create a complete picture of customers, their segments, influencers and even competitors, we need to combine insights from social channels and campaigns with Web analytics and transactional data. Small data is the key to building these rich profiles that will be the center of the new CRM solutions. • ROI: A focus on the last mile of Big Data offers to leverage investments in Small Data ($10 billion and counting according to IDC) spent on upstream systems, tools, and services. • Data-driven marketing is the next wave: Big (and small) data-driven marketing has the potential to revolutionize the way businesses interact with customers, transform how customers access and consume (and even wear) useful data, and ultimately redefine the relationship between buyers and sellers. • Consumer examples abound: Consumers have seen the potential of small data to streamline their shopping, power their fitness routine, or deliver recommendations about the best price for their next flight. With more smart, wearable data-driven devices on the way, there promises to be even more market demand for packaged data and data-delivery devices that “fit” the needs of everyday consumers. • Platform and Tool vendors are starting to pay attention: The promise of operationalizing Big Data and “turning insight into action” is a major tone from many of the big names in tech including SAP, Oracle and EMC. • It’s about the end-user. Small data is about the end-user, what they need, and how they can take action. Focus on the user first, and a lot of our technology decisions become clearer. Simple: Small data is the right data, some small data will start life as Big Data, but you shouldn’t need to be a data scientist to understand or apply it for everyday tasks, simple is(Small Data vs. Big Data : Back to the basics, Ahmed Banafa). Critiques of big data execution Ulf-Dietrich Reips and Uwe Matzat wrote in 2014 that big data had become a “fad” in scientific research. Researcher Danah Boyd has raised concerns about the use of big data in science neglecting principles such as choosing arepresentative sample by being too concerned about actually handling the huge amounts of data. This approach may lead to results bias in one way or another. Integration across heterogeneous data resources—some that might be considered big data and others not—presents formidable logistical as well as analytical challenges, but many researchers argue that such integrations are likely to represent the most promising new frontiers in science. In the provocative article “Critical Questions for Big Data”, the authors title big data a part of mythology: “large data sets offer a higher form of intelligence and knowledge […], with the aura of truth, objectivity, and accuracy”. Users of big data are often “lost in the sheer volume of numbers”, and “working with Big Data is still subjective, and what it quantifies does not necessarily have a closer claim on objective truth”. Recent developments in BI domain, such as pro-active reporting especially target improvements in usability of big data, through automated filtering of non-useful data and correlations. Big data analysis is often shallow compared to analysis of smaller data sets. In many big data projects, there is no large data analysis happening, but the challenge is the extract, transform, load part of data preprocessing. Big data is a buzzword and a “vague term”, but at the same time an “obsession” with entrepreneurs, consultants, scientists and the media. Big data showcases such as Google Flu Trends failed to deliver good predictions in recent years, overstating the flu outbreaks by a factor of two. Similarly, Academy awards and election predictions solely based on Twitter were more often off than on target. Big data often poses the same challenges as small data; and adding more data does not solve problems of bias, but may emphasize other problems. In particular data sources such as Twitter are not representative of the overall population, and results drawn from such sources may then lead to wrong conclusions. Google Translate—which is based on big data statistical analysis of text—does a good job at translating web pages. However, results from specialized domains may be dramatically skewed. On the other hand, big data may also introduce new problems, such as the multiple comparisons problem: simultaneously testing a large set of hypotheses is likely to produce many false results that mistakenly appear significant. Ioannidis argued that “most published research findings are false” due to essentially the same effect: when many scientific teams and researchers each perform many experiments (i.e. process a big amount of scientific data; although not with big data technology), the likelihood of a “significant” result being actually false grows fast – even more so, when only positive results are published. Furthermore, big data analytics results are only as good as the model on which they are predicated. In an example, big data took part in attempting to predict the results of the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election with varying degrees of success. Forbes predicted “If you believe in Big Data analytics, it’s time to begin planning for a Hillary Clinton presidency and all that entails.”.(Wikipedia) Dr.A.Jagadeesh Nellore(AP),India Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Past Issues Contact Us Newsstand Locations Printable Wedding Form Mobile Tablet Subscribe Columbia's locally owned weekly newspaper since 1963 Front Page News Commentary On Second Thought Government Business Education Society Sports Arts & Entertainment Events Travel Home & Garden Pets Browse Archives Shopping Page Advertiser Index General Services Entertainment Public Notices Classifieds Display Classifieds Classified Ad Policy 2017-06-09 / Commentary Tweet Print From Gas ’n Sip to Gourmet 40–Something Mike Maddock mikem@thecolumbiastar.com Apparently, I’m behind the times once again because I have just recently discovered that beef jerky is now a gourmet item and in higher demand than Chex Mix and my beloved Cheetos. I thought beef jerky was a product relegated to the counter of a local Gas ’n Sip sandwiched between giant jars of pickled pigs feet and biker magazines. But I was very wrong. Sales of beef jerky have increased 46 percent since 2009, and it’s a $1.5 billion industry. This dried meat now beats the combined sales of seeds, party mixes, and pita chips. I wondered why so many ads were appearing on TV, and then the other day I saw a giant display— a meat wall, if you will— in Walmart. Even Hershey’s saw the writing on the proverbial meat wall and bought the beef jerky start-up Krave for a cool $300 million. I don’t know if that means Jon Lovitz and John Goodman will be coming to commercials soon as the voices of a couple of walking/talking slabs of beef or not, but I do know jerky has certainly elevated its social status. So long to pickled pigs feet and biker magazines and hello to New York City boutiques and outlet stores. That’s right. I said outlet stores. I only knew about the ones my wife made me stop at on the way to the beach. I’ve always thought I could find a cheaper pair of pants, some sunglasses, or maybe even a bag of fudge...but beef jerky? Has it gotten so big that it needs its own outlet store? Apparently so... because we’ve got at least one in Columbia along with five more in this state to go with hundreds throughout the country. So who can we blame for the meateoric rise of jerky? According to those in the know, its ascension is brought to us by the same people who invented the selfie and live with their parents amongst all their participation trophies... the Millennials. Now before you Millennials go getting offended and have to run off to some cry room in a safe space, please know I’m a member of Generation X. Yes, X. They couldn’t even come up with a name for us, and the only mention we get is falling for Milli Vanilli and turning the Rubik’s Cube into a national phenomenon. That’s not exactly Greatest Generation material, so I’m not judging...I’m just passing along information. Anyway... Millennials are leading the charge in our country’s obsession with protein, and they’re also replacing meals with snacks. They’re seeking all natural alternatives to candy-like protein bars, and they’re into the “caveman diet,” i.e. lean meats and vegetables. Who knew something that once was a truck stop delicacy could so easily fit the bill for all those obsessions? Such a “super food” deserves its own special day...don’t you think? Well guess what’s coming June 12! It’s National Jerky Day! Unfortunately, jerky has to share its day with Superman and peanut butter cookies, but that shouldn’t be too hard after sharing a counter with pickled pigs feet for so many years. Return to top Tweets by @TheColumbiaStar To advertise with us call 803-771-0219 or email GailT@TheColumbiaStar.com. For legal advertising call Pam Clark at 803-771-0219 or email her at PamC@TheColumbiaStar.com. Copyright ©2004-2017 Columbia Star, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists Advancing St. Louis High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today A mainly sunny sky. High near 90F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 68F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: June 9, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell CARDS BLUES MU COLUMNS FORUMS CHATS PREPS GOLF Baseball Close Buy Now Paul Halfacre Summit's Jackson Rutledge (34) goes through his pitching motion at during the Class 5 District 2 championship at Fox High School on Monday, May 15, 2017 in Arnold, Mo. Paul Halfacre | STLhighschoolsports.com Summit High pitcher isn't sweating out MLB draft By Tom Timmermann St. Louis Post-Dispatch Tom Timmermann Jun 9, 2017 (…) Buy Now Paul Halfacre Summit's Jackson Rutledge (34) goes through his pitching motion at during the Class 5 District 2 championship at Fox High School on Monday, May 15, 2017 in Arnold, Mo. Paul Halfacre | STLhighschoolsports.com Jackson Rutledge, who sounds like he may have signed the Declaration of Independence or should be on the Supreme Court but is actually a 6-foot 8-inch pitcher from Rockwood Summit High, was walking with his sister through a Wal-Mart when he saw them: Hats with a thumbs-up emoji on them that cost $2. They called to him. They were just what his team needed. “We kind of had a down spot in the year,” Rutledge said. “We’d lost a couple of games we shouldn’t have. I wanted to get something new going.” Rutledge, it seems, not only has a blazing fastball, but he has a burning desire to keep things light on his team, and he figured creating the Pick-Me-Up player of the game hat, bestowed to someone who had a clutch contribution , would give the group something to rally around. Someone would earn the hat, then that person would get to determine the next recipient, and on and on. Rutledge himself earned the hat a few times. “It got us going,” he said. “He felt we needed a little spark,” said Summit coach Jason Schneider. “That’s my memory of Jackson, to incorporate something very good and use it in a light-hearted way.” There’s little light-hearted about Rutledge’s performance on the mound, where he brought a fastball that tops out at 94 mph and a sweet curve to a season that made him one of the dominant pitchers in the region. He had 85 strikeouts — the sixth-most among area pitchers — in 52 2/3 innings pitched against 23 walks and a 1.20 ERA. After some midseason doldrums, Summit won 14 in a row to close the season, winning its district, before losing in the Class 5 sectionals to Poplar Bluff. But that’s just the start for Rutledge, who projects as an early round pick in the Major League Baseball draft. He’s ranked 112th by MLB.com and No. 184 from Baseball America. If his draft spot and his contract offer aren’t to his liking, Rutledge has an excellent fallback plan to pitch for Arkansas in the SEC, during which time he can fully take advantage of his still-forming 6-8, 240-pound frame to boost his draft prospects the next time around. He’s pretty sure he’s stopped growing vertically, but he knows there’s more work to be done in the weight room. A stronger, more fit Rutledge could likely find a few more miles per hour. (Amazing yet irrelevant fact: If Rutledge goes to Arkansas, he’d be the second pitcher on the Razorbacks’ roster named Jackson Rutledge. The other is a lefty from Louisiana who redshirted last season, meaning both would be freshmen in 2017-18. Confusion is bound to follow: MLB.com has a link to Summit Rutledge’s Twitter feed, but it’s actually to Louisiana Rutledge’s account. The two haven’t met , but the Rutledge already in Arkansas tweeted greetings to Summit’s when he committed.) Rutledge credits his progress as a pitcher to a steady, methodical growth. He didn’t go through a sudden growth spurt that threw his body out of synch. He was 6-1 when he started at Summit and just kept going, continuing to grow after his classmates had stopped. That size has always meant power for him, and firing balls past hitters has always been second nature. But he also knew that to go to the next level, he would need another pitch, so he began developing a breaking ball. MLB.com describes it as going from a “slurvy curveball into more of a true slider in the low 80s.” “It’s hard to convince a kid who can strike out anybody with one pitch to get him to work on an offspeed pitch,” Schneider said. “I was watching him last summer at a showcase event and saw his offspeed pitch and I immediately texted him, ‘Your offspeed looks a lot better.’ “For the high school teams he faces, the only thing they’re thinking is, I need to time his fastball. That’s all I have to worry about. But he started locating the fastball and got a second pitch and it’s not even fair, they’re so overmatched. With his ability to throw a fastball and get his offspeed over, I’ve seen so many kids’ knees buckle.” “It’s a huge difference,” Rutledge said. “I’m able to use that to get a lot of swings and misses or get ground-outs compared to last year.” At the start of the season, Rutledge was feeling the pressure of the high expectations that had been placed upon him and, his coach suspects, not having as much fun as he should. But he rediscovered the fun, had an excellent season and is OK with whatever lies ahead for him. “I think the thing that made him so great last year,” Schneider said, “was his ability to have a little fun, to be a high school guy. Be fun, be goofy.” Rutledge’s play is worthy of a tip of the hat. Or a thumbs up. He’s got just the cap for that. Tags Jackson Rutledge Baseball Sport Pitcher Tom Timmermann Tom Timmermann is a Blues beat writer for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Tom Timmermann Close Get email notifications on Tom Timmermann daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Tom Timmermann posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Tom Timmermann Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Best Podcast in Baseball Crossover Event: Enquirering Minds Before Scooter Gennett went and rewrote the whole day with his four-homer launch into history, two beat writers who cover teams in the National League Central met in Cincinnati newsroom for the crossover podcast event of the summer. Or at least a close second. C. Trent Rosecrans, of the Cinc… Most popular BenFred: Edmonds nails big concern for Cardinals Hochman: Ex-Cub David Ross getting on St. Louis' nerves Ortiz: Something big needs to happen. And quick. Gordo: Mozeliak shuffles coaches, puts Matheny on notice Ortiz: Cardinals can't throw bad money after bad money Quick links Baseball podcast Ben Frederickson Benjamin Hochman Jeff Gordon Jose de Jesus Ortiz Media View Follow Cards news Latest MLB notes: Rays' Kiermaier out with broken hip MLB roundup: Rockies get 40th win by holding off Cubs Rare rally lifts Cardinals over Phillies Cards change course: 'We could no longer stand still and do nothing' Cards ashamed of performance, Diaz says Get your Father something cool! Get your daily dose of community. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe to our email newsletters Follow us News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Publications Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Supporting Organisations Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home Opinion Carbon & Climate Previous Next 4 big ideas in sustainable business New business models, science-based targets, collaboration, and better marketing: here are the four trends in sustainable business that business leaders are talking about. A mindset of collaboration could define what business leadership means in the 21st century. Image: Alex Prolmos, CC BY-NC 2.0 By Lindsey Longendyke Friday 9 June 2017 Share this story Green initiatives have taken root in the corporate world. Rising numbers of companies have promised to cut emissions, protect forests and watersheds, reduce food waste and take other steps to ensure a sustainable future for all. While President Trump recently decided to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement, over 900 American companies announced that they are still in. Behind this momentum are passionate CEOs, conscientious consumers and an increasingly purpose-driven workforce. It’s an exciting time—but there’s still much to do before business, people and the planet reach equilibrium. In mid-May, we brought together our corporate partners for MindShare, two days of open discussion on the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. As the communications lead, I was listening for trends, shared attitudes and big ideas. Here are four themes that emerged.  WRI’s corporate partners gather for MindShare 2017 to discuss sustainability trends.   1. Follow the science Science-based targets are quickly becoming expected practice among leading American and European companies. When the Science Based Targets initiative launched in 2015, only 40 companies had promised to shrink their carbon footprints to sizes that are compatible with the global goal of limiting temperature rise to less than 2 degrees C (3.6 degrees F). Today—only two years later—more than 266 companies have made this commitment, with new companies joining at an average rate of two per week. Nearly 50 companies, including household brands such as Walmart, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, have taken the commitment to the next stage by adopting specific, ambitious targets that have been approved by climate experts.  Corporate sustainability professionals should look into science-based water targets. Flickr/Mitch   The next step is to apply this concept to water. Unlike targets for emissions, which are global in nature, water use targets must be tailored to local conditions. It’s a tricky task. Companies must ask, what are the limits of our watersheds? Who else relies on them? How do we sustainably operate within those limits? For companies with massive water-use needs, such as fabric mills which typically use 200 tons of water per 1 ton of fabric produced, addressing these questions can mitigate serious operational risks and protect local communities. It’s clear that corporate leaders want reassurance that they are doing enough to protect the resources that keep their companies running and that other companies are doing their fair share, too. Arbitrary goals may placate stakeholders, but they won’t stabilise the climate or ensure a long-lasting water supply—only science-based goals can do that. 2. We need new business models for tomorrow’s markets. Between 2009 and 2030, the global middle class is projected to grow by 3 billion people—that’s 10 times the US population. This represents a victory for human development and an exploding market for consumer goods—but also a looming ecological crisis. The elephant in the board room is that companies can’t meet this demand with today’s resource-hungry business models. Some believe that we can thread this needle with efficiency improvements, but our recent research says otherwise. We are on track to triple our use of natural resources by 2050. It is unlikely that businesses can make their products efficiently enough to keep total global resource use constant with today’s levels. The solution: embrace new business models, such as those that allow customers to share and repair physical goods. For example, we need more high-quality, affordable clothing rental services and less cheap fast fashion piling up in landfills. 3. Get savvy with marketing Sustainability professionals often bemoan the fact that consumers are unlikely to purchase products for their environmental benefits alone—but this does not mean that customers can’t be champions of environmentally-friendly products. The Better Buying Lab studies how the same marketing techniques that make potato chips fly off the shelves can drive sales of sustainable food options. Shopping is rarely a careful, rational process—it is what most people do on autopilot on their way home from work at the end of a long day. Thus, people tend to buy: What they’ve bought before What they remember What is socially normal What they notice What meets their needs Sustainability leaders should ask, “How do we work with shoppers’ known behaviours to drive sustainable consumption? 4. We’re in this together You can’t compete for customers if you don’t have resources to make your products. That’s why some competing companies are banding together to tackle environmental risks. For example, in 2010 the Consumer Goods Forum, which represents more than 400 retail and consumer goods companies, approved a resolution to achieve zero net deforestation by 2020 (the group has made some progress, but many companies are still trying to turn this resolution into internal policy). “ How else can we collaborate? What else could we solve if we worked together? This mindset may characterise 21st-century business leadership. Most MBA students have played some version of the Prisoner’s Dilemma, a game where players are tempted to undercut each other but are best served by a collaborative strategy. The same is true with businesses facing resource issues. No single company can solve climate change or save the forests, but together entire industries can make progress against social and environmental challenges while creating more favourable conditions for themselves. At MindShare, we heard attendees asking: How else can we collaborate? What else could we solve if we worked together? This mindset may characterise 21st-century business leadership. Lindsey Longendyke is Communications Officer, Business Center at World Resources Institute. This post is republished from the WRI blog. Share this story Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Water Regions Tags climate science consumer products COP 21 deforestation economy emissions financing forests natural resources pollution science water security water treatment Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Most popular Carbon & Climate The 5 funniest reactions to Trump's Paris pull-out The 5 funniest reactions to Trump's Paris pull-out Carbon & Climate The US$5 trillion opportunity Asian businesses cannot afford to ignore The US$5 trillion opportunity Asian businesses cannot afford to ignore Policy & Finance Ladies, here's the world's first responsible investment platform just for you Ladies, here's the world's first responsible investment platform just for you View all news Industry Spotlight Energy How to make renewable energy work for the economy and environment How to make renewable energy work for the economy and environment Cities Sustainability and technology: An 'extraordinary economic opportunity' for cities Sustainability and technology: An 'extraordinary economic opportunity' for cities Energy Keeping it cool: Malaysia looks to district energy systems Keeping it cool: Malaysia looks to district energy systems View all Feature Series Ecosperity 2017: Tomorrow Starts Today How to build a business around the SDGs, and do more with less How to build a business around the SDGs, and do more with less Educating Tomorrow's Leaders The path to a rewarding sustainability career The path to a rewarding sustainability career Palm Oil Conversations What is sustainable palm oil? What is sustainable palm oil? View all Featured Events jun 12 Sweden EUBCE 2017 – 25th European Biomass Conference and Exhibition jun 14 Australia 2017 Renewable Cities Forum jun 14 Australia 2017 Australian Energy Storage Conference & Exhibition jun 14 Kazakhstan Blockchain Conference Astana jul 11 United States of America Intersolar North America 2017 jul 19 Malaysia ARCHIDEX '17 Add an Event View all The SDG Co Asia Pacifics Hub For Collaboration On Sustainable Development An Eco-Business initiative The SDG Co Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Publications Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Supporting Organisations Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2017
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Women to Watch A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search R/GA Pushes Deeper Into Consulting with New Tech Hire By Lindsay Stein - just now Array 0 Saks Fifth Avenue Parent Will Cut 2,000 Jobs as Losses Mount 5 hours ago Array 0 Rant of the Week: Beware Early Reports on the TV Upfronts 7 hours ago Array 0 Study: 25% of Americans Say Politics Drove Them to Stop Buying Brands By Kate Kaye - 7 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Google, Apple, Denny's and More 8 hours ago Array 0 Pokemon Go's First Anniversary Outdoor Ads Double as PokeStops and More By Alexandra Jardine - 15 hours ago 0 Marketing Leadership: How to Step Up in Uncertain Times By Frances Yu - 14 hours ago 0 No Hugs for You! Imagine That Viral Seinfeld-Kesha Moment as the Perfect Lost 'Seinfeld' Episode By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Watch: Colbert's Amazing Attack Ad Against an Audience Member Inspired by That Comey Attack Ad By Simon Dumenco - 13 hours ago 0 How Amnesty International Got Massive Engagement -- With YouTube Banner Ads By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. R/GA Pushes Deeper Into Consulting with New Tech Hire By Lindsay Stein. Published on June 09, 2017. Steven Moy. Credit: Courtesy of R/GA Most Popular All eyes are on consultancies like Accenture and Deloitte in the ad world, but R/GA continues to face the creeping threat by bolstering its own consulting services. The agency just appointed Steven Moy as U.S. chief technology officer. In his new role, Moy, who most recently served as CEO of Isobar U.K., will lead R/GA's technology consulting practice in the U.S., which works closely with the shop's business transformation practice. "We don't see clear lines of delineation," he said, adding that business transformation is a multi-disciplinary approach. R/GA consults with Fortune 500 companies such as Walmart and Campbell Soup Co. on innovations strategy. "The consulting business is not going to disrupt R/GA," Chairman-CEO Bob Greenberg told Ad Age in a previous interview. But "R/GA will disrupt the consulting business," he said at the time. Related Stories Creeping on Agencies' Turf, Consultancies Are Shaking Up the Marketing Industry Moy, who relocated to New York for the position and reports to Exec-VP and Global Chief Technology Officer Nick Coronges, said he has a lot of respect for the consultancies, but R/GA has something unique that keeps it competitive. "R/GA's 'connected by designed' concept brings all capabilities with a single DNA together culturally, combining creativity, technology and innovation, so we can execute flawlessly," he said. The digital transformation business, however, may not come easily to agencies. "Some agencies will push into the transformational consulting space and succeed; as a matter of fact a few already have; but my guess is that many more will try and fail," said Matt Ryan, CEO of Roth Ryan Hayes. Those that will succeed, he added, will have to persuade clients that they have the talent the disciplined process to assure positive outcomes. Greg Paull, principal at R3, said he views it more as a "be careful what you wish for" sort of thing for agencies because digital transformation is not always CMO-led and has so many moving parts. While Ken Robinson, partner at Ark Advisors, said agencies often use the term digital transformation improperly, linking it the launch of a new site, content hub, mobile strategy or AR and VR elements in a campaign. "A true digital transformation is when a company decides to lean into a digital-first approach to its business -- not only or even from a consumer communications perspective, but within the organization itself," said Robinson, adding that it's sometimes more about migrating operations, like inventory and sales, via digital channels. According to Moy, agencies must able to deliver new disruptive or innovative products and services on behalf of clients in order to be set up for the future, which requires understanding consumers' wants and needs as well as creating products to test and launch in market. R/GA, he said, uses all those capabilities, including its expertise in consumer insights and design, to leverage the right technology. "There are so many technologies out there. We need to help clients find the right technology, protect their technology investments and help them monetize on existing and new technologies," Moy said. Some of R/GA's past technology inventions include NIKEiD, Nike+, Nike Fuelband, Beats Music and Fossil Q. Prior to serving as chief executive at Isobar U.K., Moy was U.S. chief commerce officer at the agency, consulting on brands like McDonald's, Kellogg's, Coach and Huawei. He also previously served as VP and business lead at SapientNitro North America, where he spent nearly 10 years working on clients such as CVS and Staples. In this article: Agencies Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to main content Left Menu Latest Calendar Legals Social Wall Search Search for Search form Search Login | Logout Home Latest Social Wall Polls Weather Legal News Breaking Local State National Business Crime Emergency Responders Health Local Government Obituaries Politics Videos Weather Sports Addison Cold Springs Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Meek St. Bernard Prep Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County College Local Sports Outdoors Professional Parks & Rec Culture Entertainment Historical Entertainment Art Music Pop Culture Family Festival Health Historical Lifestyle Religion Education Cullman Christian Cullman City Cullman County Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul's Wallace State Opinion Editorial Voice Alerts County Schools CCSO City Schools CPD Road Closings Weather Business Cullman welcomes Champion Sports Medicine with official ribbon cutting News Local Business W.C. Mann 2 days 1 hour ago Cullman Center Manager Lisa Armstrong and property owner/developer Roy Drinkard CULLMAN - On Wednesday morning the Cullman Chamber of Commerce, along with Mayor Woody Jacobs and developer Roy Drinkard, held a ribbon cutting to welcome statewide healthcare provider Champion Sports Medicine to its new franchise office in the Wilkommen Center at 1837 Patriot Way SW, near the southside Wal-Mart.  The company, which has provided athletic trainers to local schools, opened its office here in January. Before the ceremony, The Tribune sat down with Manager Lisa Armstrong to find out more.  “We’re an outpatient physical therapy clinic,” explained Armstrong.  “We do sports medicine, but we also do orthopedic physical therapy; we treat patients who’ve had strokes or head injuries.  I do pediatric physical therapy for dizziness or vertigo.  We just offer any kind of outpatient physical therapy service.” Since the clinic has been open for several months prior the official ribbon cutting, Armstrong had an opportunity to reflect on the center’s experience since January. “We have a pretty solid referral source that’s sending us a lot of patients.  We’re trying to get more referrals from a variety of doctors.  We have four athletic trainers that cover the schools in the area, and so we get a lot of referrals from those athletes.  Dr. David Dueland (of Cullman Regional Orthopedics and Sports Medicine) is sending us a lot of patients; he’s really helped us out to get started.  We’re getting busier; we’ve progressively increased since January.” Cullman Sports Medicine takes all brands of insurance, and Medicaid for patients under 18.  Walk-ins can receive an initial evaluation on-site, but must have a physician’s referral for treatment. Staff Lisa Armstrong - Center Manager Matt Page - Physical Therapy Assistant Amy Tucker - Patient Services Specialist Scott Lochridge - Athletic Trainer, Cullman High School Kimberlin Johnson - Athletic Trainer, Cullman High School Lindsay Walker - Athletic Trainer, Fairview High School Donna Chamblee - Athletic Trainer, West Point High School “We’re new in town,” said Armstrong, “but we’re all part of this community.  We would love to be part of the schools, and just really have a community type feel.  We like to spend a lot of one-on-one time with our patients.  We have a lot of fun in here; we don’t just come in here and do business.  Our patients get better and have fun, too!” For more information about Cullman’s office of Champion Sports Medicine, visit www.facebook.com/championsportsmedicinecullman. Copyright 2017 Humble Roots, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Keywords:  Featured News Local Business Champion Sports Medicine Ribbon Cutting New Business City of Cullman View the discussion thread. Social Stream Trending Latest Updated: 4 hours 2 min ago 2 dead, multiple injuries in wreck near Duck River Bridge Updated: 1 day 9 min ago Troopers: Texting and driving may have been factor in fatal crash in Vinemont Updated: 4 hours 5 min ago Coroner ID's 2 victims in Friday's Duck River Bridge area crash Updated: 23 hours 57 min ago UPDATED: Victim ID'd in wreck on CR 1435 Updated: 1 day 6 hours ago Brad Meeks, insurance companies answer charges in Curt Wilson wrongful death suit Updated: 5 sec ago City Parks and Recreation urges patience for Heritage Park repairs Updated: 24 min 31 sec ago City vs. County: teams go head-to-head for community blood drive Updated: 4 hours 7 min ago Plenty to do on Saturday Updated: 4 hours 5 min ago Coroner ID's 2 victims in Friday's Duck River Bridge area crash Updated: 4 hours 2 min ago 2 dead, multiple injuries in wreck near Duck River Bridge   Follow Us © The Cullman Tribune 2017 ▲ Top
Skip to main content Left Menu Latest Calendar Legals Social Wall Search Search for Search form Search Login | Logout Home Latest Social Wall Polls Weather Legal News Breaking Local State National Business Crime Emergency Responders Health Local Government Obituaries Politics Videos Weather Sports Addison Cold Springs Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Meek St. Bernard Prep Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County College Local Sports Outdoors Professional Parks & Rec Culture Entertainment Historical Entertainment Art Music Pop Culture Family Festival Health Historical Lifestyle Religion Education Cullman Christian Cullman City Cullman County Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul's Wallace State Opinion Editorial Voice Alerts County Schools CCSO City Schools CPD Road Closings Weather Local City vs. County blood drive set for Friday News Local Health Will Hogue 2 days 36 minutes ago Claudina Massey gives blood at last year’s City vs. County event / Tribune File Photo CULLMAN - This year’s City vs. County blood drive will take place on Friday, June 9. LifeSouth will have their famous blood mobiles stationed at four locations around Cullman from 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Head of Donor Recruiting with LifeSouth, Melanie Moore, along with her partner at LifeSouth, Kimberly Roberson, are excited for the potential for more donors this year. “Last year we had 53 eligible donors in the city, and 78 eligible donors in the county,” Moore said. “That makes 131 good units of blood. And since every unit has the potential to save up to three lives, we had a hand in saving around 393 lives last year.” LifeSouth is such a massive contributor to the blood supply of Cullman Regional and emergency medical services, that, according to Moore, the chance of receiving blood in an emergency situation in Cullman and it coming from a source other than LifeSouth is less than one percent. To donate blood for the City team, donors can visit Wal-Mart on Highway-157 or Dick’s Sporting Goods. County sites are the Wal-Mart on Olive Street and the Cullman County Courthouse. Donors will receive a free sandwich, grilled by the Cullman County Cattlemen and Cattlewomen’s Association and a T-shirt from LifeSouth featuring the phrase, “Blood is like a parachute; if it isn’t there when you need it, chances are you’ll never need it again.” Donors will also receive savings coupons from various businesses around Cullman. Expect a 30-45-minute process for donations, not including the potential for lines at the different locations. “Eat a good meal before you come, a meal that sticks to your ribs you know,” Moore said. “And be well-hydrated.” Moore said most of the complications come with people who haven’t had water or food before they visit a blood mobile. Copyright 2017 Humble Roots, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Keywords:  Featured News Local City vs. County Blood Drive Blood Drive City of Cullman Cullman County Lifesouth Blood Blood Donor Health View the discussion thread. Social Stream Trending Latest Updated: 6 sec ago 2 dead, multiple injuries in wreck near Duck River Bridge Updated: 20 hours 7 min ago Troopers: Texting and driving may have been factor in fatal crash in Vinemont Updated: 19 hours 55 min ago UPDATED: Victim ID'd in wreck on CR 1435 Updated: 1 day 2 hours ago Brad Meeks, insurance companies answer charges in Curt Wilson wrongful death suit Updated: 3 hours 37 min ago Autopsy results say blunt force trauma cause of 1-year-old's death Updated: 5 min 33 sec ago Plenty to do on Saturday Updated: 3 min 26 sec ago Coroner ID's 2 victims in Friday's Duck River Bridge area crash Updated: 2 hours 17 min ago 2 dead, multiple injuries in wreck near Duck River Bridge Updated: 6 hours 57 min ago Tractor and engine show hot topic of quiet Hanceville council meeting Updated: 3 hours 37 min ago Autopsy results say blunt force trauma cause of 1-year-old's death   Follow Us © The Cullman Tribune 2017 ▲ Top
Toggle Subscribe Search News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Toggle Close Submit News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Food Starburst Debuts Pink-ONLY Packs All millennial pink, all the time. Lauren RearickJun 8, 2017 9:24PM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestPhoto: Courtesy of Instagram/[@StarburstBrand](https://www.instagram.com/p/BUaSNWygUnk/) The day Starburst fans have been waiting for is finally here. After months of waiting and enviously glancing at early peeks on social media, all pink packs of strawberry flavor Starbursts are officially in stores, Refinery 29 reports. Starburst first announced news of this sweet limited edition offering back in March, with a Starburst representative telling Teen Vogue it was the first time they were offering the all pink pack. Lucky celebs had previously shared images of the “extra special” packs on Twitter and now the rest of us can join in and take to social media in a glory of pink. You can pick up your own pack in person at Walmart, Walgreens, Target or Kroger, or purchase the candy online through Amazon. But don’t just take our word for it: The candy is currently sitting pretty (in pink) as the #1 Best Seller in Amazon’s fruit flavored candies category. Judging by the pack’s popularity, it seems we’re not the only ones who have been waiting for the release. Let’s be honest, we’ve all bought a pack of Starburst before just to enjoy our favorite flavor or griped when whe got a pack that didn’t feature enough of one flavor chew. The limited time offering should help alleviate the crushing disappointment that comes with purchasing a pack only to find strawberry isn’t really represented, as this Twitter user points out. With pink officially in season, from fruity drinks to stylish suits, the candy is coming just in time to join in on all the millennial pink fun. We’re anticipating this flavor will fly off the shelves though, so you’ll want to hurry to a store near you before anyone gets the idea to create an item of clothing entirely out of pink Starburst wrappers. Related: There Are Now JOLLY RANCHER Pop-Tarts follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. CNWN Collection
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 57° F Clear Hi: 75° F Lo: 59° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Person stabbed in chest during domestic dispute in New London June 9, 2017 A person was stabbed during a domestic dispute in New London on Friday night. Interfaith gathering held in response to anti-Muslim rallies 12:24 am Rallies against Sharia law, or Islamic law, will be held in cities around the country on Saturday. On Friday night an interfaith gathering w… Saturday’s Powerball Lottery to be worth about $435 million June 9, 2017 Heavy police activity spotted on Collins View Road in Canton 12:17 am Police: Man said fake drugs at Bonnaroo were ‘God’s Work’ June 9, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 57° F Clear Feels Like: 57° F Wind: NNW 3 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 5:18 AM Sunset: 8:23 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 57° F Clear Hi: 75° F Lo: 59° F Missing girl found safe in Connecticut; adult arrested By Associated Press Published: June 8, 2017, 9:23 pm Updated: June 8, 2017, 10:50 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: Connecticut State Police ST. ALBANS, Vt. (AP) — Vermont State Police say a 16-year-old Alburgh girl has been found safe in Lisbon, Connecticut. Police say Connecticut troopers found Mickayla Lozell Thursday shortly after the car she was believed to have been riding was spotted in a Wal-Mart parking lot. The car belonging to the man police believe Lozell was traveling with, 47-year-old William Smith who’s on the Vermont sex offender registry and has no permanent address, was spotted about 3:30 p.m. Mickayla was reported missing by her mother on Sunday evening. Police say there’s no indication of foul play or that Mickayla was held against her will. Mickayla was taken into protective custody. Vermont police say Smith was arrested in Connecticut for multiple charges from Vermont. It could not be determined if Smith has an attorney. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Missing 13-year-old West Haven girl found safe Troopers identify body found near a boat ramp in Lisbon Missing Hartford girl found safe Body found at boat launch in Lisbon Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Subscribe log in Site Site Archive Police find Vermont sex offender, girl in Lisbon Thursday Jun 8, 2017 at 9:16 PM Jun 8, 2017 at 11:26 PM Ryan Blessing rblessing@norwichbulletin.com, (860) 425-4205 rblessingNB LISBON — State police on Thursday said they arrested a Vermont registered sex offender who was traveling across state lines with a 16-year-old girl who had been reported missing. Police responded at about 3:30 p.m. Thursday to Wal-Mart at 180 River Road after learning that William Smith, 47, was there with the girl, according to a police report.  Smith, of 134A Grand Ave., Scranton, Vt., was convicted on July 26, 1999 in Vermont of sexual assault, according to the state's sex offender registry. He is classified as a category 2/ not high risk, according to the site, and was no longer supervised for his conviction. The Vermont girl was reported missing by her mother on Sunday evening. Police say there's no indication of foul play or that she was held against her will. She was taken to Troop E and later placed in the care of the Department of Children and Families, police said.  Police also learned that Smith had allegedly mis-used a license plate on his vehicle and had a suspended Vermont driver's license. Troopers also learned he was wanted in Vermont for violation of probation, a felony punishable by up to more than a year in prison. State police charged him with improper use of a license plate, driving without a license and being a fugitive from arrest without warrant. He was held on a $100,000 surety bond and is scheduled to be arraigned Friday in Norwich Superior Court.   The investigation is ongoing, police said. They said Smith will eventually be turned over to Vermont law enforcement, where he will face charges in relation to the juvenile and violation of probation. Associated Press material was used in this story. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber My Profile ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Learn More
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Hundreds pack hearing on Massachusetts immigration bill More Headlines Ivanka Trump urged to help 3 Chinese detainees Mt. Abram High School graduates 66 More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Messalonskee girls lacrosse advances to regional final More Headlines Richmond baseball covers all the bases against Greenville Gardiner boys lacrosse ousts Oak Hill in Class B North semifinals More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Casino backers should get serious state scrutiny More Headlines Today’s editorial cartoon Trump should listen to Eisenhower More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Messalonskee High School top 10 graduates More Headlines MSSM graduates 33 students in class of 2017 Denney graduates from Hamilton College More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times through June 15 More Headlines ‘Dungeons and Dragons: Seafaring Traditions of Early Tattoo Art’ on view Opening Reception: ‘Rebirth’ opening set for June 9 More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate How to get great pressure-washing results More Headlines 6 Kennison St., Manchester ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   Schools & Education Posted June 8 Updated June 8 increase font size Messalonskee awards 151 diplomas as seniors remember Cassidy Charette Messalonskee awards 151 diplomas as seniors remember Cassidy Charette The commencement ceremony was held Thursday at the Augusta Civic Center. By Betty AdamsStaff Writer Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-621-5631 Share Comment Read Article 1 of 8 Oakland police Officer Tracey Frost, who is the school resource officer at Messalonskee High School, shakes hands with graduates Thursday as they go into the Augusta Civic Center. Staff photo by Joe Phelan AUGUSTA — Even as family members streamed into the Augusta Civic Center on Thursday night, members of the Messalonskee High School class of 2017 milled around outside, waiting to line up to march into the main auditorium for their commencement ceremony, some 1,381 days after they started as freshmen. That was the count offered by valedictorian Fern Calkins in her speech to the class and cheering crowd. Related Headlines Photos: Maine’s 2017 high school graduations Calkins urged her fellow graduates to embrace change while remembering the past, saying, “I encourage you all to find someone or something that motivates you.” Calkins said she took her inspiration from Cassidy Charette. Calkins said Charette was the reason she joined Big Brothers/Big Sisters and returned to playing soccer — something she intends to continue in college. Charette was a junior at Messalonskee when she was killed in a hayride accident in October 2014 in Mechanic Falls. On Thursday, many of the graduates’ gowns were adorned with pins bearing an image of Charette in her Eagles soccer uniform. Salutatorian Francesco Vann Guarnieri gave practical advice: “First, work hard. … Secondly, do the things that make you happy. … By working hard at doing things you love, you will achieve your goals; and in doing so, you will be your best self.” Kayla Marie Veilluex, who was pushed into the auditorium in her wheelchair, walked onto the stage to receive her diploma and was escorted down the stairs by Principal Paula Callan. Veilleux said earlier she intended to stay at home after high school to help her mother, Venita, who is disabled, while her father, Robert, works at Trafton Road Redemption. Sue Bradshaw, counselor at Messalonskee Middle School, came over to offer her a hug and congratulations prior to the ceremony. Kyra Kaherl decorated the top of her red mortarboard with hundreds of small gems she had bought at Walmart. They spelled out her name as well. “It took me two and a half hours,” she said. Kaherl said she plans to go to Kennebec Valley Community College and later to the University of Maine at Farmington to study secondary-school education. Dylan Gagne, student body president, and Nathan Violette, executive secretary, gathered with other friends as they awaited the signal to get in line. Gagne said his role was to “basically act as a spokesperson for all four classes.” He’s heading to the University of Connecticut to study pre-law. Violette said he plans to attend the University of Maine at Farmington for pre-medical studies. Mike Hippler’s family, including younger brother Jacob Robinson, surrounded him to offer best wishes. He’s going to Kennebec Valley Community College and then to the University of Maine, in Orono, to study plant biology. Hippler said he likes to grow “everything — corn, food, things for me to eat.” Amy LaVerdiere posed for photos with her friends outside as well. When LaVerdiere, 18, of Oakland, is not doing school work, playing sports or hiking Messalonskee Trail along with her dog, Brady — who “loves to run around and be chased” — she’s busy at Flagship Cinemas in Waterville, where she’s a supervisor in charge of training crew members and organizing other things. “I’ve got a lot of friends from different schools there,” said LaVerdiere, who was cited a day or so earlier by Principal Callan as “one of those kids who always has a smile on her face, but is not afraid to speak her opinion.” Callan called LaVerdiere “a really good role model for other students and a good school citizen. If you ask her to do something, she’ll do it.” LaVerdiere transferred to Messalonskee in her junior year and became one of the Top 10 graduates. Before that, she attended Temple Academy. LaVerdiere spoke Wednesday shortly after returning from a seniors’ tour of several elementary schools in the district, including Belgrade Central and Williams Elementary schools. The younger children lined up to applaud the seniors in their red-and-blue caps and gowns. “They made us signs,” LaVerdiere said. “They were just all out in front of the classrooms. They put their hands up and we gave them high fives as we went by. They were just very sweet.” LaVerdiere is contemplating a future in secondary education in the area of mathematics. On Thursday evening, she and 150 other seniors went through the commencement ceremony with smiles, cheers and a smattering of small bouncy balls scattering across the stage. Callan welcomed the seniors, their families and their friends, and congratulated the class of 2017, complimenting them particularly for their volunteer efforts. “The amount of community service hours that you have committed to throughout the year speak to your character and unselfishness to put others ahead of yourself,” she said. She also told them they are “welcome to come back any time.” Class president Gabriela Languet offered some closing thoughts, reminding her fellow graduates, “Even when they changed the schedule for classes on us every years, we pushed through and showed we could conquer. We’ve survived a power outage and a fox on school grounds.” She told them: “You are as prepared as you need to be, and you will achieve great things.” Betty Adams — 621-5631 [email protected] Twitter: @betadams Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Hundreds pack hearing on Massachusetts immigration bill Ivanka Trump urged to help 3 Chinese detainees Mt. Abram High School graduates 66 Trump: U.S. infrastructure will be ‘the envy of the world’ Twin sisters graduate top of their class at Carrabec High School Two arrested in Norridgewock drug bust Police probe video of driver in Skowhegan with unbuckled toddler in front seat Waterville boy, 11, injured when bicycle crashes into car Winthrop town manager resigns, takes responsibility for $166,000 error U.S. demands return of $51 million in federal funds that Maine spent at Riverview YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 66° View Live Radar Sun H 89° L 68° Mon H 88° L 69° Tue H 88° L 69° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Whitwell chief faces arraignment June 23 on nine counts in TBI investigation Whitwell chief faces arraignment June 23 on nine counts in TBI investigation June 10th, 2017 by Ben Benton in Local Regional News Related Article Whitwell police chief placed on leave after charges of tampering, theft, possession Read more Officials involved in the investigation that led to a nine-count indictment against former Whitwell (Tenn.) police Chief Rodney Easterly remained tight-lipped on Friday about details in the case. Easterly was freed Thursday on a $38,000 bond after turning himself in at the Marion County Jail. He's charged with conspiracy to commit theft, possession of a controlled substance for resale, conspiracy of possession of a Schedule III controlled substance, fraudulent receipt of food assistance, official misconduct, theft of property, coercion of a witness, tampering with or fabricating evidence, and possession of a firearm during the commission of attempt to commit a dangerous felony. The charges stem from a joint investigation by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and the Marion County Sheriff's Office over several months in 2016, according to a TBI statement issued late Thursday. Easterly faces arraignment in Marion County Criminal Court on June 23, officials said. The charges were handed down in a Marion County grand jury indictment on evidence presented by Hamilton County District Attorney General Neal Pinkston's office after 12th Judicial District Attorney General Mike Taylor's office stepped aside. Taylor's office has worked with the chief before on criminal cases since the Whitwell Police Department is within the 12th Judicial District's six-county jurisdiction. "I didn't think it was something we needed to be involved with," Taylor said Friday. Melydia Clewell, spokeswoman for Pinkston's office, said the case was originated by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and case records are sealed for now. "Right now, it's part of a pending case," Clewell said on Friday. Meanwhile, Easterly was placed on administrative leave without pay on Thursday as required by city policy "as soon as we were advised he had been indicted," Whitwell city manager Todd Mistrot said. Sgt. Kenneth Seagraves has become interim chief of the department, Mistrot said. The city manager, just two months on the job, declined to talk about his reaction to the charges. The indictments related to the criminal activities in 2016 give some details about some of the allegations, though the documents from Marion County Circuit Court had portions redacted. The indictment for conspiracy to commit theft of property over $1,000 states Easterly and a man named Jerry Jones had an agreement to engage in theft, and between Jan. 1 and April 28, 2016, the two men communicated about Jones obtaining items Easterly wanted. "Jones would enter retail stores throughout Tennessee and commit the offense of theft of property," records state. "Jerry Jones then would sell and distribute the stolen property to Easterly." In the indictment charging Easterly with official misconduct and theft of property, officials charge that Easterly took more than $1,000 worth of property from Walmart, Kmart, Lowe's, Kroger and other retailers and, as a police officer, received benefits not authorized by law. The indictment charging Easterly with conspiracy of possession of phendimetrazine for resale states Easterly had an agreement with a person whose name was redacted from the document that one or more of them would obtain a prescription for the drug that was filled in Alabama. Easterly was the source for the phendimetrazine, according to the indictment. The other person was not charged in the investigation. Phendimetrazine is a drug used with diet, exercise and behavior modification to lose weight and must be prescribed by a doctor, according to the WebMD website. Easterly also possessed phendimetrazine with intent to sell or deliver it, and did so while in possession of a firearm, according to the indictment charging him with possession of phendimetrazine for resale and possession of a firearm during the commission of a dangerous felony. In the charges of coercion of a witness and tampering or fabricating evidence, the indictment states that Easterly tried to coerce a witness to give false testimony or withhold truthful information to elude the legal process. Easterly also altered, destroyed or concealed evidence in the investigation, documents state. The indictment on the charge of fraudulently obtaining food assistance did not contain any details but stated that Easterly was not eligible for the food assistance he got or attempted to get, documents state. Marion County Jail officials said no lawyer was listed for Easterly. Contact staff writer Ben Benton at bbenton@timesfreepress.com or 423-757-6569. More Articles Read previous article Kirk Kelly says he should continue leading Hamilton County Schools [photos] Read next article Victim in assault case files complaint against Chattanooga Police Department Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Chattanooga police unveil new intelligence center [photos] Kirk Kelly says he should continue leading Hamilton County Schools [photos] Whitwell chief faces arraignment June 23 on nine counts in TBI investigation Victim in assault case files complaint against Chattanooga Police Department Nashville-area band celebrates chance to play Bonnaroo Times Free Press picks up top prize in journalism competition Assistant Chief of Police Tracy Arnold set to retire after 30 years One of tonight's Riverbend artists 'just a Southern boy that loved music' Tonight's Riverbend schedule 16-year-old charged with murder in Walker County death Report details new information about man murdered last month in Chattanooga Samaritan says helping homeless man got him threatened, banned by Bradley County hospital [video]
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Sat, Jun 10 2017. 09 41 AM IST Back to black: The vinyl business in India is far from dead As the tribe of ‘crate diggers’ grows, Lounge meets store owners, collectors, and hi-fi enthusiasts who are making the LP cool again Subscribe to our newsletter. Diya Kohli The vinyl business in India is far from dead. There are those who love vinyl enough to trudge to dusty vintage shops and dig through crates packed with old records to find that out-of-print album. The modern vinyl record came into the world post World War II, largely replacing the earlier 78 rpm shellac. And it almost immediately spawned crate-diggers (also known as record-diggers and vinylheads). Their tribe is still growing. According to Nielsen Music’s 2016 “US Year-End Music Report”, vinyl LP (long-playing) record sales reached an all-time high of 13 million units. A little less than two months ago, India saw its first celebration of Record Store Day. On 22 April, Mumbai-based audio and vinyl shop, The Revolver Club, together with Sony Digital Audio Disc Corporation (DADC), took the lead in organizing a blowout across Mumbai, Delhi and Bengaluru. On the same day, Delhi-based online music magazine Wild City celebrated its first Record Store Day with the inauguration of its “Selectors” listening sessions. These are planned to be monthly sessions, led by an individual who will take the audience through their vinyl collection. It feels like a portent of things to come. In January last year, when the news of David Bowie’s death started flooding social media and breaking a million hearts, my husband’s first reaction was to place an order on Amazon for a double vinyl edition of one of his best live concerts, Santa Monica ’72. Years of being an online crate-digger had given him a hound’s instinct when it came to predicting surges and dips in prices. Needless to say, he was spot on—all of Bowie on vinyl became worth its weight in gold soon after. By then, of course, our LP was well on its way. Prof. Suresh Chandvankar at a talk during Record Store Day celebrations in Mumbai. Courtesy: The Revolver Club Later that week, we carefully unwrapped one of the LPs and placed the needle on the groove. And just like that our Bandra flat faded away and we were one of the audience at Santa Monica, dazzled by our glam rock god. As the record kept spinning and the opening riffs of Ziggy Stardust filled the room, we were filled with sadness but we revelled in the incredible music he had left behind. One corner of the houses we have lived in has always had a thriving ecosystem based around vinyl—the buying, storing and caring of each LP that comes in. Thanks to my husband’s singular devotion to LPs, I too have been drawn to the black. We now always have a vinyl tour bookending our holiday itineraries—we go digging in flea markets, old bazaars and hipster warehouses. It began with a trip to Melbourne, our first foreign holiday together, where we found a wealth of records, including a near-mint edition of The Graduate soundtrack. On a recent trip to Egypt, we discovered a wonderful old record shop in Zamalek, Cairo, stocked with retro turntables and old trunks filled with records of Arabian music, Western classical and oddball disco. It has become such a tradition that even on my solo work trips, I take time out to go LP shopping. I found a rare Black Tie White Noise EP in the labyrinthine lanes of old Jaffa’s flea market in Tel Aviv. While wandering around the charming old town of Lucerne in Switzerland, I bagged a limited-edition 10-inch vinyl of Radiohead’s Kid A. It would be fair to say that ever since we got our first vinyl (Radiohead’s Pablo Honey) in 2011, we have started listening more mindfully. Our attention-deficit, playlist-hoarding selves have learnt what it is to immerse ourselves in an artist and an album. We don’t play music to keep time as we run on the treadmill. We are not drowning out ambient sounds in our workplace. We listen for the sole pleasure of listening. We feel the thrill of watching the disc delicately wobble and spin, of hearing the occasional dirt-inflected crackle. What’s more, we have suddenly became part of a larger community of enthusiasts, hipsters, collectors, archivists, DJs, musicians, store owners and record labels with complete faith in vinyl. Ashutosh Sharma of Amarrass Records with the Painted Caves vinyl record. Photo Courtesy: Amarrass The crackling beauty of analogue What we hear every time we put on an LP is detail, a singer clearing her throat, the gentle twang of a marimba, the background noise of a bar at a live gig. It feels like our favourite musicians and bands are closer to us than they have ever been. And sometimes if we close our eyes and just listen, it feels like they are playing right in front of us in our living room. That is what I identify as the warmth of a vinyl record’s analogue sound. For Rajat Kakar, managing director, Sony DADC India, the vinyl experience is intrinsically linked with the romance of un-sleeving the record, the original inlay and the artwork. He believes that vinyl is largely the preserve of collectors and connoisseurs with a passion for high- fidelity sound which gets lost in compressed digital formats. “The sound quality is really good and you can hear each instrument clearly,” says Kakar, who has a collection of over 500 vinyl records. According to Jude de Souza, chief executive officer (CEO) and founder of The Revolver Club in Mahim, Mumbai, “People who get into vinyl are usually those who have an intrinsic need to touch and feel.” Though vinyl gradually faded from the mainstream when the audio cassette was introduced in the US in 1966, there was another group of people, apart from audiophiles and vinyl collectors, who kept the second-hand LP market alive—the DJs. Crate-digging in far corners of the world for specific tracks, underground sounds and lesser-known artists, DJs shared a close relationship with the LP, swearing by its superior sound. It is this cool aspect of mixing on vinyl that is the focus of the new Netflix TV show The Get Down. Set in 1970s’ Bronx, New York, the show charts the rise of hip hop. It begins with a DJ instructing his protégé on a quick mix by physically marking a climactic point or “the get down” across a bunch of vinyl records. This then enables him to match tracks and mix a loop of unique beats. Home-grown DJs like Mumbai-based Pramod Sippy aka DJ Pramz, who has recently started doing vinyl-only sets, agrees the sound quality is much superior to digital tracks—and it is a lot more fun to play. “Usually, when DJs play digital music, they don’t have much to do and it’s like they are literally idling away behind the console. Playing with vinyl is challenging as mixing and matching tracks is a task,” he says. And although sourcing, buying, storing and caring for vinyl is a major investment, it is worth it. “I believe what I hear and to my ears, vinyl sounds really sweet,” says DJ Pramz. He believes a vinyl set is an audiovisual experience for the audience, which can really see the DJ at work, handling an LP. An informal listening session at The Revolver Club in Mahim. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint The fine art of the vinyl collector In his book Vinyl Junkies, Brett Milano writes, “Love for the music, love for the artefact, the thrill of the chase: those are the three elements that turn a garden-variety music lover into a vinyl junkie.” Vinyl collectors range from fledgling crate-diggers to collector-archivists like Zero Freitas, a Brazilian businessman who at last count had the world’s largest private collection—over six million LPs—stored across his massive warehouse; he intends to catalogue it and make it available for public use. On a much smaller scale, retired forest officer Sunny Mathew in Kerala is doing the same thing. He runs the Discs & Machines, Sunny’s Gramophone Museum and Records Archive in the little town of Plassanal in Kerala; it has a collection of over 100,000 records (mostly 78 rpm shellac) and more than 250 gramophones from the pre-World War II era. Suresh Chandvankar in Mumbai has over 10,000 records in his collection. A former physicist with the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Chandvankar is honorary secretary of the Society of Indian Record Collectors, Mumbai, which tries to bring together Indian record lovers, combine resources and create a vast archive of Indian recordings. At the 2017 anniversary seminar held at the Discs & Machines museum, Chandvankar spoke about the association. “In 1990, we came up with the idea of collecting the collectors and drawing them out of the isolated empires of their households to form some kind of a collective,” he says. He stresses the importance of this community of sellers, buyers, swappers and researchers involved in discography. “While record collectors can be madcaps, their madness will go a long way in writing the history of the recorded past of India.” This cult of vinyl lovers has found its modern-day expression in a WhatsApp group called Vinyl Addicts Anonymous, which brings together 256 collectors and enthusiasts from across India. Run by The Revolver Club, the group has vinylheads sharing all kinds of nerdy trivia, weird vinyl humour, and all manner of useful and random information. There are obscure LPs up for sale, discussions on the most effective record cleaners, travel tips on where to scour the best vinyl, curious artwork and much more. The collector’s love for vinyl also expands into a love for the independent record store. Although many go online for good deals, the brick-and-mortar vinyl store is an unbeatable experience. This is where one can sift through old and new albums and experience the tactility that is such an important aspect of the format. And that is why, in 2007, independent record-store owners came up with the idea of an annual event to get artists, enthusiasts, first-timers and record labels together to celebrate vinyl. The first Record Store Day was flagged off at the Rasputin Music store in Berkeley, California, in 2008. Over the last decade, this event has turned into one large party, featuring everything from vinyl-only DJ sets, listening sessions and special discounted merchandise to academic discussions and debate. “If you look at why Record Store Day started, it was pretty much because store owners wanted to tell the world that they were still around and to inform journalists who were always writing obituaries to vinyl that they were fine,” says De Souza of The Revolver Club. Groovy business This renewed interest in vinyl is something a company like Sony DADC wants to leverage. It plans to bring turntables into the Indian market at accessible price points that it hopes will boost vinyl sales. Talks are on to set up a pressing plant in Europe to stay abreast of the growing demand both in India and globally. However, these are still early days for the business in India—the vinyl market here is largely a collector’s market. So the sales strategies are different from mainstream music marketing. “We can’t just bring in records of random pop acts and expect them to sell. Genres like jazz, blues, classic rock and Bollywood are the top sellers. The records are placed in old-school brick-and-mortar stores across the country that have a certain mindset and a dedicated audience,” says Kakar. De Souza also has distinct catalogue choices for vinyl records based onthe top 100 albums of all time across genres. His sales strategy, however, is different from Kakar’s. The Revolver Club drives most of its business through online retail. “Eighty per cent of our sales happen online. While it is romantic to say vinyl is about crate-digging, it costs money to keep crates and that gets passed on to the customer, and since India is a price-sensitive market, it wouldn’t work,” says De Souza. Apart from the metros, he says, a large number of orders for records as well as turntables come from Patna, Shillong, Ajmer and Indore. “From a business standpoint, I want to be a Walmart of vinyl. I want to get a guy who knows nothing about vinyl, a guy from Ajmer who has a fascination with rock ‘n’ roll, and introduce him to the world of turntables and records,” he adds. For such beginner audiophiles, De Souza offers audio packages complete with turntables, speakers and amps at a variety of levels and price points, starting from Rs75,000 and going up to Rs10 lakh. Much is said about the pleasant imperfections of vinyl, though purists will argue that the pops and crackles just mean you haven’t cleaned your record well. In an article titled “It Kind Of Gives You That Vintage Feel: Vinyl Records And The Trope Of Death”, published in the book Media, Culture And Society in 2008, Emily Chivers Yochim and Megan Biddinger from the University of Michigan quote a young record collector on the sound of vinyl: “I like the popping and crackling to an extent. Some of them are so bad that you can’t really hear the music, but if they are in moderation, that little fuzz that you get from a record, I like that…if you are listening to a record from 1960, you have a record that sounds like it’s from 1960…in a good way though. It kind of gives you that vintage feel.” While the jury may be out on this notion of warmth, for me the LP exudes a certain sound that is pure and easy and accessible. It is the kind of sound that enabled me to pick up the first barks of Seamus in the eponymously titled song from Pink Floyd’s 1971 album Meddle and almost go running to my front door to say hello to the dog outside. After playing Miles Davis’ version of Concierto De Aranjuez on vinyl innumerable times, I could hear every crescendo, track the dips and follow the turns from gentle and sweet to operatic and brooding. It is hard to pinpoint exactly what it is about the vinyl sound that turns casual listeners into converts, but what I know is that I will keep listening in and adding to our LP collection, as will a whole new generation of 21st century crate-diggers. It is not yet time to say goodbye to the long player. *** Collector’s notes Three crate diggers tell us about their turning points in the search for vinyl Chancing upon ‘Rhapsody’ in Japan The first LP I ever bought for myself was at a bargain sale at the Students’ Union building in the University of Warwick in 2002. It was the Spin Doctors’ Pocket Full Of Kryptonite, pulled out of a bin of second-hand records. I didn’t have a record player, so it seemed like a frivolous purchase, but it was £3 (around Rs250 now), which made it cheaper than a sandwich. I finally listened to it only six years later, and even on my low-fi Lenco turntable, the opening riff of Jimmy Olsen’s Blues made me dance like I was 13 again. Five years ago, a friend in Berlin introduced me to The Vinyl District (TVD), an app that locates the record stores closest to your geographical location. It has become my principal navigation system on foreign streets, leading me to dens, basements, warehouses and garages. In 2014, TVD led me to RECOfan in Yokohama. A diminutive store manager walked over to me after I had spent 2 hours sifting through their entire jazz section. I was looking for Leonard Bernstein conducting Rhapsody In Blue, which I had never found. The next day, when I returned to the store, he showed me two copies, and to my surprise packed the cheaper one. “It has a small skip on Side B but overall it’s better. Just a small...(and then he made a gesture like a hiccup).” Two years ago, I found a record of my favourite album by complete accident. I was at Chicago’s Dusty Groove, looking through their rather modest stock of second-hand rock LPs. As I moved from “Q” to “R”, I saw the edges of what looked like the orange cover of R.E.M.’s Monster. I had been hunting for it for eight years but it was out of print and I had only found rare copies of it online, upwards of $150 (around Rs9,670 now). I pulled it out. It was $40. I was so overwhelmed. I walked slowly to one of their listening stations, and standing still for the next 45 minutes, I heard the album from start to finish, as if for the first time. There were no hiccups. —Neel Chaudhuri, founder and artistic director of The Tadpole Repertory theatre company, Delhi Digging around in Chandni Chowk Back in 2011, I had shamelessly bought my wife a red plastic retro-style turntable for her birthday as a treat for both of us. The “gift” was graciously accepted; however, the sound was tinny and of poor quality and the wave of disappointment was soul-crushing. That did not stop me from acquiring records. Seeking out record shops became a quest which took us to places such as the Shah Music Centre in Delhi’s Chandni Chowk area, where the kindly old proprietor told us many stories of collecting records and showed us his mammoth stockpile. Holidays abroad turned into cross-city crate-digging treasure hunts armed with vinyl maps. A helpful friend suggested in 2013 that I try a turntable with a built-in pre-amp and that opened the doorway to an unmatched sonic experience. The vinyl sound to me is more well-rounded and wholesome, and the various instruments feel more relaxed being where they are in the arrangement. So in The Who’s Baba O’Riley, when the piano kicks in, it doesn’t seem to try to challenge the rest of the amply muscular arrangement to a fistfight but is just happy to be given a chance to be part of the song. Add to that the sheer physical pleasure of feverishly anticipating a delivery, carefully unboxing and unwrapping and sliding out the shiny black discs while admiring the artwork on the sleeves. The ample space available for the artwork is a boon—over the years, I have collected some amazing inner sleeves (Gorillaz’ Plastic Beach), picture discs (Rage Against The Machine’s eponymous album) and colour discs (T-Bone Walker’s T-Bone Blues). Finally, there is the constant fussing and caring about storage solutions, cleaning solutions and so on. Vinyl is back. Who would have given it a second chance? Now I spend my weekends lovingly cleaning, sleeving and dancing to my records. —Rahul Roy, associate, global banking, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp. (HSBC) Ltd, Mumbai ‘Yesterday And Today’ by The Beatles...forever I have always been that child who never threw his toys away, some might even call me a hoarder. But it was with vinyl that I truly learnt what it meant to be a collector. My father’s stamp collection was something that inspired me to start something of my own, a collection that I would care for and be proud of. After listening to my first record, I was blown away by the warmth of analogue sound. It was like nothing I had ever heard. And as I played it through my speakers, my living room turned into a lounge or a rock concert arena, depending on the album playing. Although there are new albums being released on vinyl, classic rock is what draws me. I also can’t deny the guilty pleasure of 1960s’ pop and dance music. Those in my family who also collect vinyl warned me about the care and maintenance of records. However, I soon realized that I really liked taking care of my vinyl. I usually grab my cleaning equipment, settle down with my records and make an evening of it. Although I started off fairly recently, my collection already comprises 122 albums. Funnily enough, when I tell my older relatives I collect vinyl, they just hand me their old stuff as well, and it just keeps growing. My most prized possession is the Mothers of Invention album Freak Out! and my collection of The Beatles, including a rare print of Yesterday And Today. —Tarun Abraham Paul, content writer with a leading entertainment channel Diya Kohli Topics: Music vinyl records vinylheads vinyl LP Online music More From Livemint READ MORE UK’s fragile new coalition further muddies outlook for economy Turkey’s Erdogan calls for lifting of Qatar blockade, approves troop deployment 1 killed, pilots injured in helicopter accident in Badrinath First Published: Sat, Jun 10 2017. 09 34 AM IST Editor's Picks Ajay Tyagi, and the job of a Sebi overhaul Indian Oil, HP, BP lose market share to Reliance, Essar, Shell IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News UK’s fragile new coalition further muddies outlook for economy Turkey’s Erdogan calls for lifting of Qatar blockade, approves troop deployment 1 killed, pilots injured in helicopter accident in Badrinath Angela Merkel urges speedy Brexit talks after UK vote Kansas man accused of hate crime in death of Indian citizen Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
La Posada considering annexation into Sahuarita - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Think About It Editorials Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS 1 year anniversary of the Pulse Nightclub shooting National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Win Tickets To The Home And Garden Show Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace La Posada considering annexation into Sahuarita 2017-06-10T03:05:16Z2017-06-10T03:05:16Z Posted by Elizabeth Walton, Digital Content Producer Email Connect ewalton@tucsonnewsnow.com (Source: La Posada) SAHUARITA, AZ (Tucson News Now) - Green Valley's La Posada at Park Centre, Inc. is considering annexation into Sahuarita, according to officials with the company.  La Posada at Park Centre is located at 350 East Morningside Road, which is south of the town's boundary and along Nogales Highway and Continental Road in Green Valley.   The board of trustees for La Posada has been receiving invitations from former Sahuarita Mayor Blumberg and management staff to consider annexation.   "Now is the time, we feel, to make the move. We have talked with our residents and heard their interests and concerns. Overwhelmingly, there's a sentiment that this is in the best interest of La Posada in our efforts to position ourselves for the future," said Lisa Israel, La Posada CEO. "However, we also strongly believe that Green Valley has always been our home, and it is our intention, and our residents’ desire, to hold tight to these roots and relationships."  There are several advantages to annexation to Sahuarita including additional services like enhanced public safety, infrastructure maintenance, including roads, economic development assistance with marketing and branding, and streamlined development services.  La Posada residents will also be able to participate in Town boards, committees, and Council, and vote on initiatives.  Additionally La Posada is a not-for-profit health care facility, there would be no additional taxes incurred by the organization or residents as the Town does not have secondary property taxes.  "We look forward to welcoming La Posada into the Town. They are and have always been a valued partner for us. They are a key employer for many residents of the Town in addition to being a service provider for seniors that are ready to move into retirement or need a continuum of care. We are happy to facilitate this process," said Kelly Udall Town Manager for Sahuarita.  According to a news release, La Posada is only in the beginning phase of talks with the Town about the annexation process. According to Arizona State statute, the process for annexation has a number of requirements and timelines. Annexation could take effect as soon as 90 days after it is initiated by the parties. The Town Council would hold a public hearing and then vote on the annexation as one of the last steps.  The Town is experiencing a lot of growth, with a number of new commercial and residential developments, and more on the horizon. The Crossings at Nogales Highway across from the Wal-Mart plaza, and The Corner, at the NE corner of Rancho Sahuarita Blvd. and Sahuarita Blvd. across from Fry’s Marketplace, are currently being built. These commercial developments will offer an infusion of retail and restaurants and gas stations. Further, Sahuarita Unified School District recently passed a bond for a new K-8 school which will be built south of Rancho Sahuarita Blvd. and Sahuarita Blvd. Along with the school will be new sports fields jointly funded in a unique partnership between the Town and School District. There is a lot going on in Sahuarita which continues to put it on the regional map.  La Posada is a nationally accredited not-for-profit senior community that is celebrating its 30 years of service to the Green Valley/Sahuarita community. Its mission is to maximize the well-being of seniors although it touches the lives of many others.  MOBILE USERS: Download our app on your Apple and Android devices. Copyright 2017 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Local newsMore>> Evacuated homeowners anxiously watch Lizard Fire Evacuated homeowners anxiously watch Lizard Fire Updated: Saturday, June 10 2017 1:14 AM EDT2017-06-10 05:14:09 GMT (Source: Tucson News Now) Wildfire crews are battling a massive fire in Cochise County. The Lizard Fire has burned more than 7,500 acres in the Dragoon Mountains, near Benson, with no containment.  Wildfire crews are battling a massive fire in Cochise County. The Lizard Fire has burned more than 7,500 acres in the Dragoon Mountains, near Benson, with no containment.  breaking SILVER Alert canceled as Goodyear resident is found SILVER Alert canceled as Goodyear resident is found Updated: Saturday, June 10 2017 12:20 AM EDT2017-06-10 04:20:56 GMT Harold Lynch (Source: AZ Dept. of Public Safety) Lynch was found in Quartzite, after he was involved in a minor crash. He was taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure.  Lynch was found in Quartzite, after he was involved in a minor crash. He was taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure.  USDA: Major food recalls due to undeclared allergens and misbranding USDA: Major food recalls due to undeclared allergens and misbranding Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 11:52 PM EDT2017-06-10 03:52:04 GMT One of the recalled spaghetti products from Conagra. (Source: USDA/FSIS) According to three separate USDA/FSIS releases the following recalls occurred after an ingredient supplier notified companies that the bread crumbs the companies received and used in the products potentially contained undeclared milk. According to three separate USDA/FSIS releases the following recalls occurred after an ingredient supplier notified companies that the bread crumbs the companies received and used in the products potentially contained undeclared milk. La Posada considering annexation into Sahuarita La Posada considering annexation into Sahuarita Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 11:05 PM EDT2017-06-10 03:05:16 GMT (Source: La Posada) Green Valley's La Posada at Park Centre, Inc. is considering annexation into Sahuarita, according to officials with the company.  Green Valley's La Posada at Park Centre, Inc. is considering annexation into Sahuarita, according to officials with the company.  U.S. Navy to commission the USS Gabrielle Giffords in Texas U.S. Navy to commission the USS Gabrielle Giffords in Texas Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 9:26 PM EDT2017-06-10 01:26:50 GMT (Feb. 24, 2015) An aerial view of the future littoral combat ship USS Gabrielle Giffords (LCS 10) during its launch sequence at the Austal USA shipyard. (Source: U.S. Navy) The U.S. Navy will commission the USS Gabrielle Giffords (LCS 10), the newest Independence-variant littoral combat ship, in a ceremony on Saturday, June 10 in Galveston, TX.    The U.S. Navy will commission the USS Gabrielle Giffords (LCS 10), the newest Independence-variant littoral combat ship, in a ceremony on Saturday, June 10 in Galveston, TX.       Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 'Just go': In a final, selfless act, a father of 5 pushed his wife to safety 'Just go': In a final, selfless act, a father of 5 pushed his wife to safety Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 4:16 AM EDT2017-06-09 08:16:25 GMT (image: Lavaka family) Three weeks ago, Alana Lavaka's world was torn apart. Three weeks ago, Alana Lavaka's world was torn apart. Student killed, multiple injured in Huntsville church bus crash in Atlanta Student killed, multiple injured in Huntsville church bus crash in Atlanta Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 9:33 PM EDT2017-06-10 01:33:43 GMT Sarah Harmening (Source: Harmening family) A teenager from Mount Zion Baptist Church in Huntsville lost her life when the church's bus crashed in Atlanta, Georgia on Thursday afternoon. A teenager from Mount Zion Baptist Church in Huntsville lost her life when the church's bus crashed in Atlanta, Georgia on Thursday afternoon. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialeSportsEventsGames Industry JobsE3 2017 Retailers building to E3 with deep discounts Online retailers offering preorders on Red Dead Redemption 2, Super Mario Odyssey, more for almost 40% off Brendan Sinclair Senior Editor Friday 9th June 2017 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share Price drops and pre-order promotions are common around the Electronic Entertainment Expo, but this year's discounts are a little steeper than usual, and going live a little earlier. Whether companies are attempting to clear out existing channel or drive preorders for the upcoming lineup, some of them are giving their customers more incentive than usual to part with their money. Here are a few of the more notable promotions we already know of going into the show; it's expected that they will be joined by more offers once the E3 announcements start dropping with Electronic Arts' Saturday press briefing. While most of the deals are retailer-specific, Sony has packaged up a Days of Play promotion that will see a wide range of US retailers offer recent releases like Horizon: Zero Dawn and Nioh for $40 (33% off), while a new gold-colored PS4 system launches at the temporarily reduced price of $250 (17% off). (The Days of Play promotion is also running in Europe.) For those who prefer digital copies, the promotion will be reflected (and expanded upon) in the online PlayStation Store. On top of that, Sony is offering deals on its PlayStation Plus subscription service, and a promotion that will give $15 in PlayStation Store credit for those who spend at least $100 on content there between now and June 20 if they use a promotional code. Canadian gamers are also getting deeper-than-usual discounts on physical preorders from a variety of retailers. Walmart was offering a wide range of preorders on upcoming games like Super Mario Odyssey, Splatoon 2, Death Stranding, God of War, Call of Duty: WW2, Red Dead Redemption 2, Destiny 2, and Star Wars: Battlefront II for $50 (38% off) this morning, though some were soon changed to "out-of-stock." Amazon.ca reflected similar sales, with some omissions (Switch games) and alterations (Destiny 2 on PC was discounted, but not the console versions). Meanwhile, US retailer GameStop is having a Pro Day promotion for members of its PowerUp Rewards program. The one-day event will see Xbox One titles like Halo Wars 2 and Gears of War 4 sell for $25 (58% off) while select multiplatform games like Overwatch and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Edition sell for less than $30 (at least 50% off). Sign up for The Daily Update and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories Watch the EA E3 press conference here Will we be treated to more Star Wars games than just Battlefront II? Find out on June 10 at 12 p.m. PDT / 8 p.m. BST By Matthew Handrahan 11 hours ago The GamesIndustry.biz Podcast: Here's what we predict will happen at E3 2017 The whole team gathers around the mic to discuss potential surprises from the week ahead By James Batchelor 20 hours ago Latest comments There are no comments on this article yet. Why not be the first to post one? Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Black Hawk County Metro Dubuque County Metro Johnson County Metro Linn County Metro Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Cedar Rapids banks to combine KGAN anchor sues former employer for age, gender discrimination Union mounts incredible comeback to top North Scott in 2A state soccer semifinals Center Point-Urbana heads to first state soccer title game with 1-0 win over North Polk Large crowd turns out as Kolach Festival begins in Cedar Rapids Iowa City West takes opener against City High, increasing series win streak to 9 Center Point-Urbana heads to first state soccer title game with 1-0 win over North Polk Union mounts incredible comeback to top North Scott in 2A state soccer semifinals Brad Sweet dominates World of Outlaws at Knoxville Raceway Jermaine Palacios with 5 hits, Kernels with 22 in 15-5 drubbing of Burlington Former Delhi city clerk accused of embezzling city funds pleads in federal court Angela Billings faces up to 10 years in prison Video Photo Angela Billings Trish Mehaffey The Gazette More stories from Trish Jun 9, 2017 at 3:13 pm | Print View CEDAR RAPIDS — A former Delhi city clerk accused of embezzling $75,000 or more from the city pleaded guilty Friday in federal court. Angela J. Billings, 42, of Anamosa, pleaded guilty to theft concerning a program receiving federal funds in U.S. District Court. Billings, while working as city clerk for Delhi, “willfully embezzled, stole, intentionally misapplied and converted” for her personal use at least $75,000 in city funds from March 2007 through January 2015, the charging information shows. U.S. District Chief Magistrate C.J. Williams said Billings faces up to 10 years in federal prison and three years of supervised release following any prison time. She also could be fined $250,000 or more and will have to pay victim’s restitution of more than $96,000, according to a plea agreement. In December 2016, Auditor of the State Mary Mosiman conducted a special audit of the city, which found Billings spent the embezzled city funds for satellite television, weight loss supplements, calls to a psychic hotline and more than $69,000 in improper paychecks and expenses. Records show Billings used a city credit card to charge $88,160 of personal expenditures, received $63,226 in unauthorized pay and lowered her and her ex-husband’s utility bills by $6,748. The audit found she paid for a fraction of the personal expenses — $2,419 — with personal checks written to the city’s card company. After Billings resigned in 2015, a new city clerk was organizing records when she noticed payments to a credit card she didn’t know at the time belonged to the city. She also noticed utility billing discrepancies. Delhi Mayor Terry Harbach said last year after the audit was released that he had no “suspicions” at the time that Billings was diverting funds and giving herself extra paychecks. According to the report, Billings, who was the clerk from 2007 to 2015, made improper purchases on the city’s credit card of nearly $90,000 that included: — $16,264 at convenience stores. — $13,780 at Wal-Mart. — $7,998 at various retail stores. There were also charges for $1,798 in late fees, finance charges, electronic payment fees and over-limit fees. Mosiman said in her report that some of the charges on the credit card were for legitimate city business, but the majority were not. From March 2007 through June 14, 2008, the city clerk position was part time and Billings was expected to work only 24 hours per week, the audit report shows. Her position was then made full time by the city, changing it to a 40-hour workweek. Still, based on a review of the time sheets, 173 of the 189 payroll checks issued to her showed hours exceeding those authorized. The audit found $6,700 of unpaid and not billed utilities linked to her — including $4,719 in unpaid utility bills for her home and for her ex-husband’s business from March 1, 2007 through Dec. 30, 2014. Billings also faces theft charges filed in Delaware County District Court but those charges likely will be dismissed once she is sentenced on this federal conviction, court documents show.   Billings remains free on special conditions previously set pending sentencing. Sentencing will be set after the pre-sentencing report is completed. l Comments: (319) 398-8318; trish.mehaffey@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Public Safety articles Cedar Rapids police warn area churches o ... Former Delhi city clerk accused of embez ... Iowa City man sentenced to nearly 6 year ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Learn more about the new design and provide your feedback. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/what-to-look-for-in-krogers-earnings-1497027625 Stocks to Watch What To Look For In Kroger’s Earnings Comparable sales, usually investors' focus, may not be as important a By Teresa Rivas June 9, 2017 1:00 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Kroger (KR) will report earnings next week, and BMO Capital Markets has a preview, arguing that gross margin, excluding fuel, could be the key metric to focus on in the quarter. Analyst Kelly Bania reiterated a Market Perform rating and $32 price target on Kroger Friday, writing that there's the potential for less deflation sequentially and earnings per share upside, driven by retail fuel margins. That said, she thinks investors should be looking to gross margin for the best insight. From her note: [C]ontrary to most quarters, which tend to be focused on comps, we believe just as important of a metric this quarter will be KR's ex-fuel GM% performance. We forecast -25bps (similar to the -22bps in F4Q17), yet given a continued challenging environment plagued by: 1) negative comps from many other large traditional supermarkets; 2) outperformance from industry market-share leader Wal-Mart (WMT) (1Q grocery comps +LSD%); 3) significant investments in margin by large retailers across the broader landscape; 4) comments from SFM on near-term transitory GM% pressures (from difficulty in immediately passing along higher prices); and 5) signs of KR's slowing market share gains (F4Q17 was the first quarter in which KR comps underperformed our ex-Northeast IRI index). We revise our deflation forecast to (1.0%) from (1.3%) prior and see potential for less deflation, which supports modestly better comps (possibly closer to flat), particularly given KR's late 1Q (ended May 20th) when deflation, particularly in produce, appeared to moderate more meaningfully. Kroger shares are down more than 10% this year, but are up 1.8% in recent trading to $30.74. Wells Fargo had a more bullish take on Kroger last month, calling it the best idea in food retail. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks PREVIOUS Urban Outfitters: Calm Your Enthusiasm? NEXT Tesaro: What the Heck Just Happened? Most Popular You Never See It Coming: Nasdsaq Drops 1.8% as Dow Hits New Highs Holy Cow! Have FANGs Lost Their Bite? Nvidia: Stock Has Become ‘A Casino,’ Says Citron, As Targets Soar AT&T’s Improving Dividends Tesla? Nope. How to Profit From Lithium-Ion Boom Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
MPD impacts local kids with bike safety program - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Mosquito Forecast Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities MPD impacts local kids with bike safety program 2017-06-09T22:55:02Z2017-06-10T00:50:13Z By WMCActionNews5.com Staff Email Connect desk@wmctv.com (SOURCE: MPD) (SOURCE: MPD) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - The Memphis Police Department is working to make sure children across the area are staying safe on their bikes this summer by providing a bike safety and awareness program called "Ride Outside the Box." Officer Tommie Jones, alongside about 20 students, took to Overton Park on Thursday for their first group bike ride. Students spent their mornings the past four days learning about bike and pedestrian safety with other MPD officers through the Community Outreach Program. As the program continues throughout the summer they will bike the Green Line into Shelby Farms in July.  Free bikes will be awarded to the children if they complete the program along with classes on conflict resolution, peer pressure, gangs and gun awareness, pedestrian safety, civic obligation and community service. Walmart donates these bikes, which Jones then repairs. He earned the title "Bike Man" in the Frayser community as he spends a lot of his spare time fixing bikes for children in the area.  Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Summer program aims to keep teens entertained, off the streets Summer program aims to keep teens entertained, off the streets Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 11:42 PM EDT2017-06-10 03:42:31 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A summer program is hoping to keep Memphis teens entertained and off the streets.More >> A summer program is hoping to keep Memphis teens entertained and off the streets.More >> 2 women in Range Rover snatching plants, furniture from homes 2 women in Range Rover snatching plants, furniture from homes Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 11:18 PM EDT2017-06-10 03:18:32 GMT Neighbors in Cooper-Young and Harbor Town said two women are trolling their neighborhoods stealing ferns and furniture. More >> Neighbors in Cooper-Young and Harbor Town said two women are trolling their neighborhoods stealing ferns and furniture. More >> Code Orange air alert issued for Memphis area Friday and Saturday Code Orange air alert issued for Memphis area Friday and Saturday Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 10:54 PM EDT2017-06-10 02:54:55 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Shelby County Health Department issued a Code Orange Air Quality Forecast Advisory for Friday, June 8.More >> Shelby County Health Department issued a Code Orange Air Quality Forecast Advisory for Friday, June 8.More >> FedEx St. Jude Classic Round 2: Leaderboard has different look than Thurs FedEx St. Jude Classic Round 2: Leaderboard has different look than Thurs Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 10:28 PM EDT2017-06-10 02:28:50 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Round 2 of the FedEx St. Jude Classic hit the green at TPC Southwind on Friday. More >> Round 2 of the FedEx St. Jude Classic hit the green at TPC Southwind on Friday. More >> Downtown creeper caught on camera Downtown creeper caught on camera Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 10:23 PM EDT2017-06-10 02:23:28 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) New surveillance video, now in the hands of investigators, may corroborate a Memphis woman's account she was accosted by a man while out walking her dog.  More >> New surveillance video, now in the hands of investigators, may corroborate a Memphis woman's account she was accosted by a man while out walking her dog. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 'Just go': In a final, selfless act, a father of 5 pushed his wife to safety 'Just go': In a final, selfless act, a father of 5 pushed his wife to safety Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 4:16 AM EDT2017-06-09 08:16:25 GMT (image: Lavaka family) Three weeks ago, Alana Lavaka's world was torn apart. More >> Three weeks ago, Alana Lavaka's world was torn apart.More >> Student killed, multiple injured in Huntsville church bus crash in Atlanta Student killed, multiple injured in Huntsville church bus crash in Atlanta Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 9:33 PM EDT2017-06-10 01:33:43 GMT Sarah Harmening (Source: Harmening family) A teenager from Mount Zion Baptist Church in Huntsville lost her life when the church's bus crashed in Atlanta, Georgia on Thursday afternoon. More >> A teenager from Mount Zion Baptist Church in Huntsville lost her life when the church's bus crashed in Atlanta, Georgia on Thursday afternoon.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Breaking News Health+ Diet + FitnessLiving WellParenting + Family U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Why does America have so many hungry kids? By Thom Patterson, CNN Updated 6:51 PM ET, Fri June 9, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. "We never ask for much unless it's absolutely necessary," said Justin Pfaffly, father of 2-year-old Ryder. Programming note: CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta introduces us to leaders and volunteers behind inspiring organizations in a one-hour, prime-time special airing Saturday, June 17, at 9 p.m. ET on CNN and CNNgo. (CNN)It was a tender moment Elle Dingman will remember for a long time. Outside a small hotel in Branson, Missouri, in April, Dingman was volunteering with a local group that distributes free meals when a barefoot, barely dressed, 2-year-old boy walked up to her without hesitation. His name was Ryder. Dingman had never met this little boy during her rounds, but nevertheless, "he came over to me, and he grabbed my hand. He was so loving, and he wanted a hand to hold." As the boy's father watched from the motel door, Dingman couldn't help but pull out her smartphone and take a photo, posting it later on Facebook. "I just felt really grateful that I was able to hold his hand and love on him for a while," she said. Read More Ryder's family represents America's 13.1 million households with children that often go without food: "food-insecure households." "Food is a struggle at times," said Ryder's mom, Kelly Ann Pfaffly, who also is raising a newborn boy. Pfaffly, 23, and her 24-year-old husband, Justin, have been married five years. They -- along with Ryder, his 7-year-old sister and his infant brother -- all live in a small room at the hotel. "We've been struggling for quite sometime now," she said. "But we always find a way to make it." She said she and her husband always make sure the kids have food and clothes. "Even if they don't like wearing them," she joked. Money from cleaning hotel rooms doesn't always last them through the month. Neither do foodstamps. Lately, the family's broken-down car has made transportation difficult, prompting Kelly to quit her part-time cashier job at a local restaurant. Located deep in the heart of the Ozark Mountains, the area is swimming in "up to 65,000 visitors daily who pump $1.5 billion into the local economy," according to the Branson Tourism Center. Yet the town doesn't have public transit. A larger percentage of America's food-insecure households are outside metropolitan areas, according to the US Department of Agriculture. Missouri ranked 12th in the nation for highest percentage of food-insecure households: 15.2% with "low or very low" food security in 2015, according to the USDA. North Dakota had the lowest percentage of food-insecure households with 8.5%, and Mississippi had the highest with 20.8%. The national percentage: 12.7% 'Greed and government' Bryan Stallings, who co-founded food pantry Jesus Was Homeless with his wife, Amy, said southwest Missouri ranks among the nation's worst areas for child hunger, but "the community has responded with great programs." The nonprofit serves daily meals to about 2,500 people, about 1,800 of them children. JUST WATCHED Life questions: what are the words you live by? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Life questions: what are the words you live by? 01:07 The United States exports more food than any other country in the world. So why do families with children have trouble getting enough food in such a prosperous nation? "The non-politcal answer, to me, is greed and government," Stallings said. "There's too many government health restrictions that force restaurants to throw away food" instead of donating it to the needy. "It's also greed: We're not helping our neighbors." Most of it isn't intentional, said Stallings. "It's just not something most of us think about. We don't take care of people anymore," he said. "We live in a rushed society. We just don't have time." Fighting hunger in southwest Missouri is challenging, he said, "because we don't have any major industry here. The ultimate way is to connect them to employment." It's a stunning figure: America throws away an estimated 40% of its food, according to the Natural Resources Defense Council. That's an estimated $165 billion worth of food -- which could go far toward feeding those 13.1 million households with children. It actually works out to about $12,600 per household. A 2012 Gallup poll showed that American families spend an average of about $150 per week on food. That's about $7,800 a year. JUST WATCHED Robert Lee of Rescuing Leftover Cuisine Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Robert Lee of Rescuing Leftover Cuisine 02:52 Robert Lee and Louisa Chen launched a program in New York City that takes restaurant food that would otherwise be tossed out and diverts it to the hungry at homeless shelters and food kitchens. Seven days a week, the organization engages volunteers to pick up and deliver any amount of food, no matter how small. It's getting better The national percentage of food-insecure households has been dropping lately. It peaked at 11% during the 2008 recession, when so many Americans were losing their jobs. But as unemployment figures began to drop, so did the number of food-insecure households. By 2015, the percentage of American food-insecure households had dipped below 8%. Volunteers and privately funded nonprofits like Jesus Was Homeless help to ease the problem. Dingman, who took the photo of little Ryan, got involved after watching working-poor families struggle to survive paycheck to paycheck. "I just realized how many people are hurting in our community, and I wanted to help them," Dingman said. JUST WATCHED Greatest lessons learned from giving back Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Greatest lessons learned from giving back 00:52 Helping the hungry shifted the perspective of Ashley Harkness, another Jesus Was Homeless employee. "I started seeing that people that I used to judge are so much more like me," Harkness said. "We're all are only one paycheck away from poverty. The only difference is, I have someone who can help me -- and they don't." School programs The war against child hunger is also being fought in America's schools. Blessings in a Backpack is a nationwide program that helps school children who might otherwise go hungry by providing them with a backpack full of food for the weekends. It's funded in part by Walmart, Cigna and other private companies. But once schools close for summer break, this and many other school-linked programs disappear until the fall. JUST WATCHED Blessings in a Backpack fights child hunger Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Blessings in a Backpack fights child hunger 02:49 The federal Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act provides needy children with free breakfast and lunch at schools. But the USDA in May began relaxing guidelines for that program, opening the door to meals with reduced whole grains, higher sodium and higher fat and sweetened milk. Hunger elsewhere in North America One in nine people goes to bed hungry every night worldwide, according to the UN's World Food Program. In Canada, where an estimated 1.1 million children suffer food insecurity, food banks have begun a national fundraising campaign. In Mexico, which struggles with a poverty rate around 45%, the government launched its National Crusade Against Hunger in 2013. It included government-run kitchens aimed at feeding needy neighborhoods. Supporters have claimed successes, but critics expressed doubts about the program's effectiveness. Stronger communities through volunteerism Back in southwest Missouri, Jesus Was Homeless focuses on its mission to feed the hungry and help the needy. Stallings said it fosters strong communities through volunteerism. "They're building a circle of friends and relationships," he said. "And I think that's huge." JUST WATCHED One conversation we all need right now Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH One conversation we all need right now 00:59 Kelly and Justin Pfaffly want nothing more for little Ryder and his siblings than most parents: a safe place to live and raise their kids and enough work to make a living. "We never ask for much unless it's absolutely necessary," Justin Pfaffly said. Currently, they're relying on the kindness of their employer -- a hotel owner who advanced them rent money to live in the hotel in exchange for work cleaning rooms and performing maintenance. They believe that if they can somehow purchase a reliable vehicle, it could give them better job options and more opportunities. "I want my kids to never have to worry about being low on food and clean clothes," Justin Pfaffly said. "All in all, my hopes and dreams are that Kelly and I could finally give our children the life they need and most definitely deserve -- and for them to never worry again for things they want." Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia 87% of Americans are ignoring this warning The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Cities Topics Handbook More Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook ✕ Outdoors 5 tips for living on a boat full-time It’s more than just a tiny floating home by Margaret Lin Jun 9, 2017, 1:31pm EDT tweet share pin Dyess Magdalein of @theboatfam taking in the sights of the marina. Courtesy of @theboatfam There’s nothing wrong with living life in a tiny floating house (a boat tied to a dock) but Erica and Scott Magdalein along with their two boys Dyess and Lucas Magdalein—also known as The Boat Fam—have taken boat living to the next level. This 43-foot trawler, called The Wanderer, was built in 1979 and purchased on Craigslist. It started its journey in Florida and has since traveled across the seas, untethered to the internet service, electricity, and water we land-lovers take for granted. After an eight-month-long renovation and almost one full year at sea, this family of four has picked up some tips on how to fully embrace the perks of boat life. Create separate spaces for different activities A post shared by T H E M A G D A L E I N S (@theboatfam) on Jul 31, 2016 at 5:29pm PDT Within their 258-square-foot space, there are many different nooks and rooms for the family’s day-to-day activities. Most importantly, there are the two bedrooms on either end of the ship, with sliding doors to fully seal each room off from the rest of the cabin. And in their living space there’s an elevated platform facing the bow that has been converted into a play space for Legos, trucks, or any other toys the two boys get into. That elevated space frees up the rest of the combined living room and kitchen, which gives Scott and Erica a separate space to do whatever tasks they need to tend to. Think about how you’re (actually) going to use your space A post shared by T H E M A G D A L E I N S (@theboatfam) on Dec 2, 2016 at 8:03am PST During their renovation process, Scott and Erica took out the table and replaced it with a sliding table that came out of one of their counters. It made more sense for their lifestyle, since they wanted as much living space as possible inside their trawler. In addition, though the family’s trawler had two bathrooms when they purchased the rig, they decided to revamp one of the bathrooms and turn it into a laundry room, since doing laundry at marinas typically costs up to $6 per load. Look for boat-specific flea markets for the essentials, then lean into homey items for the ambiance A post shared by T H E M A G D A L E I N S (@theboatfam) on Apr 15, 2017 at 4:55am PDT For the majority of the items in their trawler, Erica and Scott hit up Florida flea markets specifically targeted to boat dwellers. For those who don’t live near boat-specific flea markets, they recommend West Marine, which they dub the “Walmart of the boat world”. However, one of their main goals was to have their space feel more like a home than like a boat. So, among their very boat-specific wares, they’ve also hung string lights, laid down rugs, and put up pictures and drawings, just as they did in their old apartment. Expect rocky sea adventures (or stay docked) A post shared by T H E M A G D A L E I N S (@theboatfam) on May 11, 2017 at 7:38am PDT Living life on the sea means you have no water source, electricity, and less protection from the ever-changing whims of the weather. In fact, there’s so much of a difference that Scott has put living life on the sea and living life on the marina in different categories of the full-time boating lifestyle. His advice? If you identify as a little more couch potato and a little less swashbuckler, a docked marina lifestyle may be more suitable for your needs. Embrace the closeness of living on board A post shared by T H E M A G D A L E I N S (@theboatfam) on May 24, 2017 at 9:59am PDT On a boat, there’s a lot more than just a small space that will force you and your boat companions to work more closely with each other. “In a small apartment, you can always quickly head outside and go for a walk. On a boat that’s a little more difficult,” said Scott Magdalein. Though they've been married for 12 years, living on a boat has deepened their partnership and relationship with their family. You can follow The Boat Fam’s adventures on Instagram, YouTube, or on their blog. Next Up In Outdoors The 11 best botanical gardens in the United States SylvanSport GO camper hauls gear and easily sleeps four NASA unveils muscular new Mars rover How Google Street View is mapping Oakland’s air pollution Meet Spartacus, the adorable vintage trailer that will win your heart Where to stay near 9 of America's best National Parks Trending An illustrated guide to Frank Lloyd Wright Get to know the architect’s signature buildings The 11 best botanical gardens in the United States Step under the shady foliage of a local garden and your summer worries melt away, replaced with a plant-inspired serenity. 101 ways to fight climate change and support the Paris agreement Curbed searched communities, consulted experts and advocates, and pulled from our voluminous coverage on sustainable cities to create a go-to guide for climate action. 5 affordable modern prefab houses you can buy right now Some prefab homes out there can go for upwards of $500,000 each. But here, we highlight the relatively affordable options that still don't sacrifice style. Clay house in Mexico City is all about light From the street, the house’s main volume seems to levitate above the slope below, lending a lightness to the clay-covered form. More in Trending Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 34. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Official Rules for Curbed Frank Lloyd Wright Poster Giveaway by CurbedStaff Giant concrete flying saucer-like structures make up this Japanese plaza CoFuFun is a 6,000-square-meter plaza designed by prolific Tokyo-based Studio Nendo. by Lauren Ro Colorful ‘mega mural’ revives industrial space in Maryland At 80 feet high—and comprising about 170 gallons of paint—the work of art is a riot of colorful shapes, stripes, and dots. by Asad Syrkett Midcentury modern Aussie beach house will kickstart your weekend wanderlust Designed in 1963 by architect Brian Mazlin, the elegant post-and-beam home is distinguished by its simplicity. by Lauren Ro New halo-like bike light keeps riders safe by increasing visibility Bikesphere reimagines the common bike light by creating a safety zone around the cyclist in low-light situations. by Lauren Ro 1 comment / new Apple HomePod, Google Home, Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know From Amazon Echo to Google Home and Apple HomeKit, home tech is taking over. Here’s what you need to know. by Asad Syrkett 3 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil China Retail Market 2017 Predicted 9.64% CAGR by 2021- Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast China Retail Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The Retail market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Retail industry. The Retail Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 9.64% during the years 2017-2021. Retail Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Retail market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Retail Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10543595 Retail Market Segmentation by: Product:  Food and beverages, Apparel and footwear, Home improvement, Consumer electronics and appliances, Beauty and personal care. The Retail market report delivers study on the market dynamics which shows how the industry is growing. Drivers:  Growth of organized retail format. Challenges:  Rampant counterfeiting in premium segment. Trends:  Online and omni-channel trade, Expansion of fast fashion firms, Innovation in in-store retailing. Retail market report provides detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Browse Detailed Information on China Retail Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10543595 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Retail market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Retail industry. China Retail Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Alibaba, GOME Electrical Appliances Holding, JD.com, Suning Yun Shang Group, Walmart, and many more. The Retail Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10543595 The Retail market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Retail market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Retail market before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wool Textile Processing Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast and Supply Demand to 2020 Next PostNext Cast Polypropylene Film Market 2021: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil China Retail Market 2017 Predicted 9.64% CAGR by 2021- Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast China Retail Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The Retail market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Retail industry. The Retail Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 9.64% during the years 2017-2021. Retail Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Retail market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Retail Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10543595 Retail Market Segmentation by: Product:  Food and beverages, Apparel and footwear, Home improvement, Consumer electronics and appliances, Beauty and personal care. The Retail market report delivers study on the market dynamics which shows how the industry is growing. Drivers:  Growth of organized retail format. Challenges:  Rampant counterfeiting in premium segment. Trends:  Online and omni-channel trade, Expansion of fast fashion firms, Innovation in in-store retailing. Retail market report provides detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Browse Detailed Information on China Retail Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10543595 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Retail market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Retail industry. China Retail Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Alibaba, GOME Electrical Appliances Holding, JD.com, Suning Yun Shang Group, Walmart, and many more. The Retail Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10543595 The Retail market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Retail market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Retail market before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wool Textile Processing Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast and Supply Demand to 2020 Next PostNext Cast Polypropylene Film Market 2021: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Posted on 9 June 2017 by Arun Patil China Retail Market 2017 Predicted 9.64% CAGR by 2021- Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast China Retail Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The Retail market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Retail industry. The Retail Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 9.64% during the years 2017-2021. Retail Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Retail market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Retail Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10543595 Retail Market Segmentation by: Product:  Food and beverages, Apparel and footwear, Home improvement, Consumer electronics and appliances, Beauty and personal care. The Retail market report delivers study on the market dynamics which shows how the industry is growing. Drivers:  Growth of organized retail format. Challenges:  Rampant counterfeiting in premium segment. Trends:  Online and omni-channel trade, Expansion of fast fashion firms, Innovation in in-store retailing. Retail market report provides detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Browse Detailed Information on China Retail Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10543595 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Retail market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Retail industry. China Retail Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Alibaba, GOME Electrical Appliances Holding, JD.com, Suning Yun Shang Group, Walmart, and many more. The Retail Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10543595 The Retail market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Retail market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Retail market before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wool Textile Processing Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast and Supply Demand to 2020 Next PostNext Cast Polypropylene Film Market 2021: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Search Recent Posts Water Desalination System Market Competition by Company, Countries, Application, Type 2017 Water Tank Cleaner Market Effect and Growth Factors Research and Projection 2021 Water Tank Cleaner Market Effect and Growth Factors Research and Projection 2021 Water Tank Cleaner Market Effect and Growth Factors Research and Projection 2021 Water Tank Cleaner Market Effect and Growth Factors Research and Projection 2021 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Friendswood Journal Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Women can learn self defense in Friendswood class By Jennifer James June 9, 2017 Photo: Friendswood PD Friendswood Police Badge for weekly Friendswood crime column Friendswood Police Badge for weekly Friendswood crime column experts lead self-defense course July 6-9 Woman can learn realistic self-defense tactics during a 15-hour course at Hope Lutheran Church of Friendswood, 1804 S. Friendswood Drive. The RAD Systems-or Rape Aggression Defense-program focuses on awareness, prevention and risk reduction and includes the basics of hands-on defense training. Course times are 6-9:30 p.m. July 6 and July 7; 4-8 p.m. July 8; and 2-6 p.m. July 9. Attendance each day is required. The class, $25, is open to women 12 and older. For details, contact officer Kevin Crouch, kcrouch@friendswood.com or 281-996-3316. BURGLARY An unlocked vehicle was burglarized May 31 in the 300 block of Northcliff Ridge Lane, police said. The incident reportedly occurred while the victim was in the backyard. When he returned to the front, he noticed some of his belongings were in the driveway and $200 in cash was missing from his vehicle, police said. Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. THEFT A woman reported $1,000 was taken from the driver's side door pocket of her vehicle June 2 at a car detail shop in the 4200 block of FM 2351, police said. CRIMINAL Trespass Police charged a Friendswood woman, 35, with criminal trespass after she reportedly broke into a home June 5 in the 1100 block of Eagle Lakes Drive. The homeowner had given the woman, a friend of her son, permission to stay the previous night but asked her to find a permanent place afterward. The following night, the suspect reportedly texted the homeowner and said she wanted inside the house. A police officer accompanied the homeowner to the house and found the suspect inside, asleep in a bed. The woman was taken into custody; the officer discovered she had pried open a back door to gain entry into the home. Bond was set at $1,000. ASSAULT Police took a Friendswood man, 35, into custody for interfering with an emergency phone call and assault by contact June 4 in the 1200 block of Blueberry Lane. The man reportedly arrived home drunk and argued with his wife, at one point locking her out of the house. When she tried to call police, he grabbed the phone, authorities said. He refused to speak with police and was taken into custody. Bond was set at $1,500. A Friendswood woman, 41, was taken into custody for public intoxication and assault causing bodily injury-family violence June 4 in the 900 block of West Parkwood Avenue after she reportedly told police she was assaulted and her husband had taken their 2-year-old child. Police contacted the husband, who said he had taken the child due to the woman's history of physical aggression. When found by police, he reportedly had visible injuries from an assault. The woman's bond was set at $1,500. FRAUD A Friendswood man said his debit card was charged $503 fraudulently at a Florida Walmart, according to a May 30 police report. A woman said her former employer used her personal information and forged her signature on a credit application, according to a May 30 police report. The employer allegedly tried to use the woman's credit to purchase a machine for the business, which has since shut down, police said. A Friendswood woman was scammed out of $595 after she logged into her computer May 27 and received a warning about viruses, according to a June 1 police report. The warning advised her to contact a 1-800 number, reportedly for a company named Unifiedsols LLC. The person who answered claimed to be with Microsoft. Since the victim was unable to shut down her computer, she believed the threat to be real and paid the amount by electronic check. The bank was unable to refund the money but suggested she change account numbers, police said. DRIVING WHILE INTOXICATED Police charged a Webster man, 25, with DWI after a witness reported a reckless driver headed toward Alvin June 1 on West Parkwood Avenue. The suspect reportedly turned around and drove erratically-swerving and straddling the lane dividers-toward Friendswood but was stopped in the 2100 block of West Parkwood Avenue. The driver failed a field sobriety test, and bond was set at $1,000, police said. A 22-year-old Texas City woman was charged with DWI after a traffic stop for a defective light and an insurance violation June 3 in the 3100 block of FM 528, authorities said. She reportedly could not find proof of insurance and failed a field sobriety test. Bond was set at $500. Police charged a Houston woman, 27, with DWI-second offense after she reportedly failed to yield to an emergency vehicle conducting a traffic stop June 4. An officer followed her to the 1000 block of West Edgewood Drive. She reportedly did not have a driver's license and failed a field sobriety test. At the jail, she claimed to have a seizure and was taken to a hospital. After several tests, she was transported back to jail. Bond was set at $1,500. Police charged a Manvel man, 24, with DWI after he was observed speeding and driving erratically June 4 in the 500 block of West Parkwood Avenue. He reportedly exhibited signs of intoxication and failed a field sobriety test. Bond was set at $1,000. found property A pair of inline skates was abandoned at a residence May 30 in the 17000 block of Forest Bend. Police took the skates for safekeeping. An abandoned bicycle was found June 2 at Centennial Park, 2200 S. Friendswood Drive, police said. TRAFFIC Police charged a Deer Park man, 25, with driving while license invalid after a traffic stop for expired registration June 3 in the 4300 block of Friendswood Link Road. He reportedly did not have proof of insurance and a check of his driving history revealed his driver's license was suspended. His passenger, a Deer Park woman, 30, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia. She appeared intoxicated and had a suspended license, police said. During a search of the vehicle, police reportedly found a plastic wrapper filled with marijuana. Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air CRIME Missouri man freed after 17 years in prison for robbery Published June 09, 2017 Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Print OLATHE, Kan. –  A Missouri man who spent nearly 17 years in prison for a 1999 robbery was freed after supporters found another man who looked enough like him that the victim and other witnesses said they could no longer be sure who committed the crime. Richard Anthony Jones, of Kansas City, Missouri, always maintained he didn't commit the robbery and two years ago asked two organizations that advocate for inmates for help proving his innocence. Lawyers for the Midwest Innocence Project and the Paul E. Wilson Defender Project at the University of Kansas took up his cause. At a hearing Wednesday in Johnson County District Court, they presented the other man and argued for Jones' freedom. After the victim and witnesses withdrew their identification of Jones, Johnson County District Judge Kevin Moriarty ordered Jones' release, The Kansas City Star reported . Jones was released Thursday. "We were floored by how much they looked alike," said Jones' attorney, Alice Craig. While not saying the other man committed the crime, Moriarty found that based on the new evidence, no reasonable juror would have convicted Jones. The other man, known as "Ricky," testified at the hearing that he did not commit the robbery. During their investigation, Jones' supporters found evidence that the other man lived in Kansas City, Kansas, near where the robbery occurred at a Walmart in Roeland Park. No DNA, fingerprint or other physical evidence linked Jones to the crime but he was convicted of aggravated robbery based on eyewitness testimony. Investigators focused on Jones after his picture was picked out of a police database three months after the crime by a man who admitted he was on drugs during his only encounter with Jones, according to court documents filed by the defense. Jones' lawyers argued the lineup of photos shown to the victim and other witnesses was "highly suggestive," with Jones' picture the only one of six photographs that resembled the description of the robbery suspect. After the innocence project attorneys showed the pictures of the two men to the victim, two witnesses and the prosecutor in Jones' case, all four said they could not tell the two men apart. At trial, Jones testified that he was with his girlfriend and other family members in Kansas City on the day of the robbery. He was sentenced to more than 19 years in prison and unsuccessfully appealed the conviction and sentence. Craig said Jones was bitter and angry during his incarceration but when he saw the picture of the other man, he understood how easily the witnesses could have been mistaken. "Everybody has a doppelganger," Craig said. "Luckily we found his." ___ Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com Advertisement Trending in US California man shot in hand with Rice Krispies; assailant nabbed Former CIA contractor, former SEAL, falls through medical insurance loopholes United Airlines faces more problems after injured wheelchair-bound woman sues Virginia man, sister get 108 years for sexually abusing young girls Arizona newborn discovered in Jonas Brothers backpack, police say Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
KEYC - Iowa Starts Selling Fireworks Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Your Photos Hometown Business Connection Thrive Best of the Class Featured Links KEYC News 12 Good People Awards Golden Apple Pick of the Litter KEYC News 12 Weather Map Room School Closings Sign-Up School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Minnesota Sports Headlines Sports Extra Iowa Sports Headlines Prep Athlete of the Week Pick of the Litter Golden Apple Veterans Notes Thrive Community Calendar Hometown Business Connection Smiles Beyond the Aisles Toys for Tots Watch CBS Online Watch FOX Online Mr. Food Bandwagon Staff Bios Advertise With Us Studio 12 Employment Opportunities FAQ EEO Reports Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Iowa Starts Selling Fireworks Posted: Friday, June 9, 2017 4:45 PM EDT Updated: Friday, June 9, 2017 10:33 PM EDT By Ashley Hanley, News Anchor/Reporter Email Connect tvhanley@keyc.com Iowa State Fire Marshal Jeff Quigle says five permanent locations have started selling fireworks in the state. The office issued its first license on June 1, the same day that selling bottle rockets, roman candles and most other consumer fireworks became legal in Iowa. Stores selling fireworks now are operating in Brooklyn, Grimes, Marion, Spirit Lake and Rembrandt. Other firework businesses are completing applications, including chains such as Wal-Mart, Sam's Club, Target, Big Lots and Bomgaars. Quigle says new applications pour in each day and employees are working extra hours to process them in the ramp-up to Fourth of July sales. In order to lessen the delay for businesses, some building inspections are approved through video submissions. Fireworks sales from temporary structures will begin June 13. -KEYC News 12 Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Motorcyclist Airlifted Following Accident In Scott County Motorcyclist Airlifted Following Accident In Scott County Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:17 PM EDT2017-06-09 18:17:26 GMT A motorcyclist is airlifted following an accident on Highway 19 in Scott County.  A motorcyclist is airlifted following an accident on Highway 19 in Scott County.  Teen Arrested For Alleged Break-In At Mankato Harley Davidson Teen Arrested For Alleged Break-In At Mankato Harley Davidson Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:22 PM EDT2017-06-09 18:22:10 GMT Showroom and truck windows broken, as well as bikes tipped over and damaged. Showroom and truck windows broken, as well as bikes tipped over and damaged. Minnesota's Largest Invasive Carp Captured Near Redwood Falls Minnesota's Largest Invasive Carp Captured Near Redwood Falls Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 2:17 PM EDT2017-06-08 18:17:53 GMT A bow angler fishing in a gravel pit near Redwood Falls reeled in quite the catch over the weekend.  A bow angler fishing in a gravel pit near Redwood Falls reeled in quite the catch over the weekend.  One Injured In Mankato House Fire One Injured In Mankato House Fire Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:19 PM EDT2017-06-09 18:19:25 GMT One person suffers minor injuries after a fire last night in Mankato.  One person suffers minor injuries after a fire last night in Mankato.  Mankato Brewery Goes 100% Can Mankato Brewery Goes 100% Can Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:37 PM EDT2017-06-09 02:37:47 GMT Owner says switch help transportation costs, the environment and the taste Owner says switch help transportation costs, the environment and the taste 2nd Victim Dies from Injuries Sustained in May LeSueur County Explosion 2nd Victim Dies from Injuries Sustained in May LeSueur County Explosion Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 7:52 PM EDT2017-06-09 23:52:11 GMT 54 year old Steven Strohn died at HCMC Friday.  His mother died June 5th. 54 year old Steven Strohn died at HCMC Friday.  His mother died June 5th. 80-Year-old Woman Dies After House Fire in Cleveland 80-Year-old Woman Dies After House Fire in Cleveland Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:47 PM EDT2017-06-09 00:47:05 GMT An 80-year-old woman is dead after a house fire near Cleveland.  An 80-year-old woman is dead after a house fire near Cleveland.  58-Year-Old Mankato Man Injured In Chainsaw Accident 58-Year-Old Mankato Man Injured In Chainsaw Accident Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 2:20 PM EDT2017-06-08 18:20:36 GMT A 58-year-old Mankato man is hospitalized following a chainsaw accident on the river yesterday.  A 58-year-old Mankato man is hospitalized following a chainsaw accident on the river yesterday.  Home KEYC News 12 CBS News News Tips/Photos Ag News Money Talks Stock Markets Weather School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Sports Local Sports Sports Extra Prep Athlete of the Week AP Sports Video Connect RSS Headlines Employment Facebook Twitter Email Sign-Up Feedback Submit a Story On Air News Staff Bios Program Schedule Sales Public File Online < /a> All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, WorldNow and KEYC. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home open Business Home open Sports Home open Entertainment Home open Where NOLA Eats Special Sections open Videos Engage open MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate open Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE open Local Businesses Photos open Follow Us open View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions North Shore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints LSU Tigers Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region North Shore NOLA Defendant pleads guilty as St. Tammany murder trial enters fifth day Updated on June 9, 2017 at 4:32 PM Posted on June 9, 2017 at 3:33 PM Calvin Jefferson, shown here in 2012, pleaded guilty Friday (June 9) in St. Tammany Parish to second-degree murder in the killing of his ex-wife in 2012. Calvin Jefferson, shown here in 2012, pleaded guilty Friday (June 9) in St. Tammany Parish to second-degree murder in the killing of his ex-wife in 2012.(Staff archive) By Bob Warren bwarren@nola.com, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune Three days after testimony began in his second-degree murder trial in Covington, Calvin Jefferson pleaded guilty Friday morning (June 9) in the murder of his ex-wife in 2012. Judge August Hand of the 22nd Judicial District sentenced him to life in prison. Testimony for the state had begun Wednesday in St. Tammany Parish and prosecutors were attempting to convince a jury that Jefferson was a man with a history spousal abuse who killed Nicole Veade Jefferson. Nicole Jefferson's body was found a week after her disappearance in 2012 in a wooded area in St. Tammany Parish.St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office  Nicole Jefferson went missing after her birthday party on April 29, 2012, at the home the couple shared with their four children in the Greenleaves subdivision near Mandeville. Her body was found a week later in a wooded area off Interstate 12 west of Louisiana 21. Her neck showed "cutting marks,'' prosecutor John Alford told jurors in his opening statement. Although the couple had divorced in 2006, Alford told jurors Calvin Jefferson, 46, had moved back in with his ex-wife to help raise their children. Nicole Jefferson, 31 at the time of her death, had worked for the Transportation Security Administration at Louis Armstrong International Airport. "The evidence was overwhelming," 22nd Judicial District Attorney Warren Montgomery said in a written statement. "I'm glad he pled to give some closure to the family and reduce their pain." In a news release, the District Attorney's office said several family members and TSA colleagues of Nicole Jefferson testified before Calvin Jefferson's sentencing. Nicole Jefferson's brother, Chris Veade, and her niece, Elizabeth Veade, both said they wanted to know why she was killed. "Don't just give me a blank stare," Elizabeth Veade said. "Why? Especially on her birthday." Kathy Kromer, who worked with Nicole Jefferson, said she had seen Nicole Jefferson with bruises and a black eye. She told Calvin Jefferson: "To me, you are the scum of the earth. Couldn't you have just walked away?" Over the objections of the District Attorney's office, Hand allowed Calvin Jefferson to enter an an Alford plea. In an Alford plea a defendant maintains his innocence but agrees that the prosecution's evidence is enough to win a guilty verdict from the jury. "The state is morally opposed and strenuously and morally objects to allowing the defendant to maintain his innocence," Alford argued in court, according to the DA's news release. In his opening statement, Alford told jurors the evidence would show a pattern of spousal abuse at the hands of Calvin Jefferson and would show that Nicole Jefferson had a new romantic interest in her life and was ready to move on. He also said Calvin Jefferson changed his story on three different occasions when discussing his wife's disappearance. Initially, Calvin Jefferson told St. Tammany Parish investigators that he and Nicole were asleep in bed after her birthday party but that she was gone when he awoke. Confronted with receipts and video surveillance showing him purchasing ammonia at Walmart, driving on I-12 near Louisiana 21 and showing up at a Louisiana 59 car wash at the same time he had claimed to be sleeping, Calvin Jefferson told investigators he didn't remember doing any of those things, Alford said. Later still, Alford told jurors, Calvin Jefferson claimed that drug dealers had come into the couple's home to ask him to sell some cocaine and heroin. After Nicole Jefferson came downstairs and confronted them, he said he heard Nicole get hit and then never saw her again, Alford said. View Comments About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Fans come to grips with the fact their Warriors won’t sweep NBA Contra Costa County DA is under criminal investigation Kids rejoice as playground in SF’s Presidio opens after Antioch boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Bono-roo: U2 make their first U.S. festival appearance Trump says US is committed to mutual support of NATO allies Many in GOP unshaken by Comey's testimony against Trump As Tillerson calls for calm, Trump calls out Qatar on terror Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Cavs’ barrage of threes means sweep is not to be Own a piece of history: Chronicle store featuring historic Game 4: It was bruising, brawling basketball Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF California’s greenhouse gas emissions fall by less than 1% SiriusXM buys stake in Oakland’s Pandora Media for $480 million Alphabet sells robot business behind spooky machines to SoftBank Verizon deal with Yahoo sets stage for thousands of company A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do The revolution will not be dramatized The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife LSD king Owsley Stanley’s ‘Sonic Journals’ surface after 50 Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Fenix closes quietly on Mission Street The best food trucks in San Francisco, according to Yelp Tacolicious takes delivery-only route with new project: MF San Jose's oldest restaurant, Wing's, is closing Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog ‘Timeless elegance in a luxurious, trendy neighborhood’ Luxury, high-end homes popping up in once Spanish hacienda in Walnut Creek SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Iowa-fire-marshal-5-stores-statewide-selling-11209088.php Iowa fire marshal: 5 stores statewide selling fireworks Linley Sanders, Associated Press Updated 2:00 pm, Friday, June 9, 2017 DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — The state fire marshal said Friday that five permanent locations have started selling fireworks in Iowa. The office issued its first license on June 1, the same day that selling bottle rockets, roman candles and most other consumer fireworks became legal in Iowa. Stores selling fireworks now are operating in Brooklyn, Grimes, Marion, Spirit Lake and Rembrandt. Fireworks sales from temporary structures will begin June 13. "We've all attacked this with a vengeance to make it happen," State Fire Marshal Jeff Quigle said. "We want to make certain that retailers who want to sell in Iowa have the ability to do that." Latest news videos Other fireworks businesses are completing applications, including chains such as Wal-Mart, Sam's Club, Target, Big Lots and Bomgaars. The Iowa Department of Public Safety said in a statement Friday that 31 retail licenses had been issued with 253 more in the process. The reviews of permanent structure site plans are taking more time than anticipated, and the office is looking to speed up the process without jeopardizing safety, the Department of Public Safety noted the statement. In order to lessen the delay, building inspections have been approved online through video upload submissions. The state fire marshal division had weeks to complete what would normally have taken months to prepare, but Quigle said the department is dedicated to ensuring there is no delay. Quigle said some employees plan to work over the weekend to speed-up the approval, even as new applications pour in daily. Retail firework licensing fees, designed to offset some of the start-up costs for the state, will probably not be available for use until the next fiscal year, which begins July 1. "We've had many programs we've had to take on over the years with no additional resources," Quigle said. "We just make it work." Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS - DUBS LEAD SERIES 3-1 Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss Who was the fan that got ejected from Game 4? Game 4 refs roasted on Twitter for controversial calls Warriors, Cavs fans lose their minds with memes after Game 4 Draymond Green's mom rips into NBA refs Saracevic: It was a bruising, brawling basketball game LATEST NEWS Gay man says he's barred from pride parade over Trump vote Contra Costa’s DA is under criminal investigation S. Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation Marvel debuts first 'Black Panther' trailer during NBA Finals PG&E to pay $1.6M to settle suit over Carmel blast Boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting Breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months Interfaith groups to counter S. Bay anti-Sharia rally Wife of man charged in Ghost Ship fire breaks her silence Ghost Ship victims’ families in court for defendant’s hearing Artist creates actual Ghost Ship as tribute in Emeryville Ghost Ship’s ‘Warlord’ goes from survivor to defendant Mystery of Monterey Bay's most toxic algal bloom solved Bird trapped in amber 100 million years ago near perfect Why people regret leaving the Bay Area for the Northwest Morford: Bay Area real estate, where no one can hear you scream Sign of changing Mission: Dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Florida man's insane tattooed mugshots stun the internet Spanish hacienda in Walnut Creek Puppy who flunks out of police training finds regal new position Most Popular 1 Wife of man charged in Ghost Ship fire breaks her silence 2 Game 4 refs roasted on Twitter for controversial calls 3 South Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation 4 The grass isn't greener: Why people regret leaving the Bay... 5 Warriors vs. Cavs: Live commentary from Game 4 of the NBA Finals 6 Warriors blown out in Game 4 by Cavaliers; 1st playoff loss 7 Florida man's wild tattooed mugshots stun the internet 8 Who was the fan that got ejected from Game 4? 9 Cavaliers may take vengeance on Steph Curry for Game 3 'squat' 10 Draymond Green's mom rips into NBA refs during Game 4 LATEST NEWS Gay man says he's barred from pride parade over Trump vote Contra Costa’s DA is under criminal investigation S. Bay man crashes drone, causes power outage, evacuation Marvel debuts first 'Black Panther' trailer during NBA Finals PG&E to pay $1.6M to settle suit over Carmel blast Boy killed by friend in accidental pellet-gun shooting Breitbart lost 90 percent of its advertisers in two months Interfaith groups to counter S. Bay anti-Sharia rally View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
KEYC - Iowa fire marshal: 5 stores statewide selling fireworks Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Your Photos Hometown Business Connection Thrive Best of the Class Featured Links KEYC News 12 Good People Awards Golden Apple Pick of the Litter KEYC News 12 Weather Map Room School Closings Sign-Up School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Minnesota Sports Headlines Sports Extra Iowa Sports Headlines Prep Athlete of the Week Pick of the Litter Golden Apple Veterans Notes Thrive Community Calendar Hometown Business Connection Smiles Beyond the Aisles Toys for Tots Watch CBS Online Watch FOX Online Mr. Food Bandwagon Staff Bios Advertise With Us Studio 12 Employment Opportunities FAQ EEO Reports Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Iowa fire marshal: 5 stores statewide selling fireworks Posted: Friday, June 9, 2017 4:10 PM EDT Updated: Friday, June 9, 2017 4:10 PM EDT DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - Iowa State Fire Marshal Jeff Quigle says five permanent locations have started selling fireworks in the state. The office issued its first license on June 1, the same day that selling bottle rockets, roman candles and most other consumer fireworks became legal in Iowa. Stores selling fireworks now are operating in Brooklyn, Grimes, Marion, Spirit Lake and Rembrandt. Other firework businesses are completing applications, including chains such as Wal-Mart, Sam's Club, Target, Big Lots and Bomgaars. Quigle says new applications pour in each day and employees are working extra hours to process them in the ramp-up to Fourth of July sales. In order to lessen the delay for businesses, some building inspections are approved through video submissions. Fireworks sales from temporary structures will begin June 13. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Home KEYC News 12 CBS News News Tips/Photos Ag News Money Talks Stock Markets Weather School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Sports Local Sports Sports Extra Prep Athlete of the Week AP Sports Video Connect RSS Headlines Employment Facebook Twitter Email Sign-Up Feedback Submit a Story On Air News Staff Bios Program Schedule Sales Public File Online < /a> All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, WorldNow and KEYC. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Subscribe log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 City of Springfield designates summer cooling centers Friday Jun 9, 2017 at 2:56 PM Jun 9, 2017 at 10:12 PM Staff report With high temperatures expected to soar into the mid-90s next week, the city of Springfield has designated several cooling centers where people can escape the heat and humidity during the locations' regular business hours. The cooling locations are: * Fifth Street/SARA Center, 1315 N. Fifth St., 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday–Friday. * Helping Hands Springfield, 1023 E. Washington St., 8:30 a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m. Monday-Friday. * Illinois Department of Human Services, 600 E. Ash St., Building 500, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday-Friday. * Lincoln Library, 326 S. Seventh St., 10 a.m. to 8 p.m Monday-Wednesday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Thursday and Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday. * Municipal Center West, 300 S. Seventh St., 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday-Friday. * Municipal Center East, 800 E. Monroe St., 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday-Friday. * Sangamon County Jail lobby, 1 Sheriffs Plaza (Ninth and Adams streets), 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily. * Sangamon County Department of Public Health, 2833 South Grand Ave. E., 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday-Friday. * Senior Services of Central Illinois, 701 W. Mason St., 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday-Thursday. * St. John’s Breadline, 430 N. Fifth St., 8 to 10 a.m. and 2 to 4 p.m. Monday-Friday. * Urban League, 100 N. 11th St., 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday-Friday. * U-Turn Life Center, 1023 E. Washington St., noon to 6:30 p.m. Tuesday-Friday and 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. * Wal-Mart Supercenter, 2760 N. Dirksen Parkway and 3401 Freedom Drive, 24 hours a day. * Washington Street Mission, 408 N. Fourth St., 7 to 11 a.m. Monday-Friday. * White Oaks Mall, 2501 Wabash Ave., 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday-Saturday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday. Questions regarding these locations can be directed to the city of Springfield’s Community Relations Director, Juan Huerta, at 789-2270. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Learn More
Login Membership Connect Navigation Top Stories Market Weather × Top Stories News you need to know for Saturday, June 10 Twenty in their 20s Bishara Addison | 29 Caitlin Kilbane | 27 Christina Suh | 29 Christopher J. Litzler | 25 Christy Corfias | 28 David Leb | 29 Dr. Emily M. George | 28 Elizabeth Bonham | 27 Jessica Malone | 29 Who's Who in Northeast Ohio × Ohio Stock Index About the Index View the Companies × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton The Dish Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Who's Who in Northeast Ohio Eight Over 80 Business of Beer Predictions 2017 Source Lunch Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Women in management 2016 Crain's 52 Who to Watch: Law Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Current Issue Current issue 2017 EDITORIAL CALENDAR Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries June 09, 2017 Updated Urban legend: Cleveland is one of the country's least-suburbanized cities By Scott Suttell Cleveland is one of America's least suburbanized cities, according to this analysis on NewGeography.com. The website looked at the population distribution of the country's 53 metropolitan areas with more than 1 million in population to rate them by the extent to which they are urban (with people living in the central business district and the "urban core inner ring" with population densities exceeding 7,500 per square mile), or suburban. Ten metropolitan areas have virtually no urban core… Crain's Afternoon Report The Crain's editorial team produces this email news alert every afternoon. Sign up to receive links to the day's business news and editors' blog entries. Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton The Dish Guest Voices Young Professionals Events Crain's Events Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Nominate Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Who's Who in Northeast Ohio Eight Over 80 Business of Beer Predictions 2017 Source Lunch Crain's Newsmakers of the Year 2016 Women in management 2016 Crain's 52 Who to Watch: Law Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Crain Content Studio Crain Content Studio — Cleveland Cleveland's Pulse Giving Guide HR: Resources, Growth and Performance Connect Contact us 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Customer service Advertise Subscription services Reprints Classifieds Email newsletters Send letters to the editor Crain's Cleveland Business Staff People on the Move This Week's Issue June 05, 2017 Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 66° Full Menu 66° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:47 A special tradition for graduates at Broughton High School Pause 1:06 A once reluctant community college student now credits it with his success 4:39 Class of 2017 - If I Knew Then What I Know Now 2:34 Graduate overwhelmed by positive national response to her story of homelessness 3:04 After 5 principals in 6 years, a call for stability at Southeast Raleigh High 1:28 Changing Wake County's approach to school discipline 1:16 Adding a teen perspective to new novel 1:15 We will go, we will go, to first grade here we come 0:39 Rohan Sachdev wins the 2015 Wake County Spelling Bee 0:22 25 students were on a bus when driver had a ‘medical emergency’ and ran off the road Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email East Wake High's Megan Faircloth has been overwhelmed by the positive response and offers of support after a story on newsobserver.com told her story of graduating at the top of her class with a 5.25 and receiving a scholarship to Stanford despite being homeless for much of her junior and senior years of school. Aaron Moody amoody@newsobserver.com East Wake High's Megan Faircloth has been overwhelmed by the positive response and offers of support after a story on newsobserver.com told her story of graduating at the top of her class with a 5.25 and receiving a scholarship to Stanford despite being homeless for much of her junior and senior years of school. Aaron Moody amoody@newsobserver.com Education June 09, 2017 3:24 PM Student who shared her story of being homeless gets outpouring of support By Aaron Moody amoody@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WENDELL In the days after a Wake County high school student shared her story of homelessness, people from across the country have reached out to offer help buying books, clothes and supplies for her college dorm room. Megan Faircloth, 17, who will graduate Monday at the top of her class at East Wake High School, was homeless during much of her junior year and part of her senior year. She earned a nearly full scholarship to attend Stanford University in California this fall. Faircloth said she didn’t expect that talking about her hardships during a senior awards banquet last week would lead to an outpouring of support. https://t.co/WivObASpQL— East Wake High (@eastwakehs) June 2, 2017 “I’ve been overwhelmed by negative things before in my life, so to finally be overwhelmed by something positive is great,” she said. Faircloth’s story was featured by The News & Observer and has gained more media attention. “ABC World News Tonight” plans to feature her on the program, and “Inside Edition” also expressed interest. [READ MORE: She was homeless. Now she’s graduating at the top of her high school class] “When I gave the speech, I didn’t even expect the local response, and then there was a national response to it, too,” Faircloth said. “It was really amazing.” Many people who have reached out to Faircloth said they want to help pay for expenses her scholarship won’t cover. A Stanford alum wanted to give her $2,000, and school leaders offered to buy her a cellphone, she said. “One lady said that I was her hero,” Faircloth said. “That was really flattering. Lots of people were calling in with gifts. One man offered to give me $100 every month when I’m in college. I was like, that was crazy.” East Wake High School senior Megan Faircloth goes through some of her school papers at her home in Wendell on June 5. Chris Seward cseward@newsobserver.com After Faircloth’s family was evicted from their Wendell home in November 2015, they stayed in a homeless shelter, slept in their car and rented motel rooms when they could find the money. The family moved into a new home last fall. Faircloth’s story has brought into focus the rising number of Wake County students who are homeless. Wake identified 2,940 students who were homeless during the 2015-16 school year – 700 more students than in 2009. The number has increased by about 10 percent each year in recent years, said Michelle Mozingo, who coordinates services for homeless students in Wake schools. Many homeless students share temporary living spaces with family members or friends. There were 1.26 million homeless students nationwide and 26,611 in North Carolina during the 2014-15 school year, according to the latest available data from the U.S. Department of Education. Under the federal McKinney-Vento homelessness assistance program, Wake helps displaced students with clothes, food and referrals for health care. Those who become homeless can stay at their current school or transfer to another school. They can get free meals at school and access to transportation. I just wanted to raise awareness in the school and just let other kids know, who are going through similar things, that we’re all in this together. Megan Faircloth Students who don’t know where they’re going to sleep at night face extra challenges. “They experience a lot of trauma of being displaced,” Mozingo said. “They’re expected to focus on academics, but they may be worried about a parent and a sibling staying in a car in a Walmart parking lot, for example.” facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:47 A special tradition for graduates at Broughton High School Pause 1:06 A once reluctant community college student now credits it with his success 4:39 Class of 2017 - If I Knew Then What I Know Now 2:34 Graduate overwhelmed by positive national response to her story of homelessness 3:04 After 5 principals in 6 years, a call for stability at Southeast Raleigh High 1:28 Changing Wake County's approach to school discipline 1:16 Adding a teen perspective to new novel 1:15 We will go, we will go, to first grade here we come 0:39 Rohan Sachdev wins the 2015 Wake County Spelling Bee 0:22 25 students were on a bus when driver had a ‘medical emergency’ and ran off the road Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Once homeless, now top of her class, on the way to Stanford VIDEO: East Wake High School student Megan Faircloth was homeless for most of her junior year. She quietly persevered and overcame the adversity to maintain her GPA and was awarded a near-full scholarship to prestigious Stanford University. Chris Seward cseward@newsobserver.com Faircloth said she decided to share her story to help others. “I just wanted to raise awareness in the school and just let other kids know, who are going through similar things, that we’re all in this together,” she said. More than 50 students at East Wake High School in Wendell are homeless, according to school leaders. With support from the community, East Wake collects hygiene items and has a food pantry for students in need. Stacey Alston, the principal at East Wake, said he wasn’t surprised so many people want to help Faircloth. “The eastern Wake community is a strong advocate for the school,” he said. “I think people would probably do more if they knew more, but a lot of times when students are experiencing challenges ... you just don’t put things like that out there.” Faircloth said it’s amazing that so many people want to help. “Just to see how much support there is for people who go through struggles in life, and just to see how much people appreciate people trying their best and working hard, and how much it inspires other people to do the same, is great,” she said. Anyone who is interested in supporting Faircloth or other East Wake High School students can call the school at 919-365-2625. Staff writer Sarah Nagem contributed. Aaron Moody: 919-829-4806, @easternwakenews East Wake High School senior Megan Faircloth, right, gets a congratulatory hug from a classmate at the end of the school day on June 5, 2017. Megan's sister Jacey Faircloth looks on at left. Chris Seward cseward@newsobserver.com Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:47 A special tradition for graduates at Broughton High School Pause 1:06 A once reluctant community college student now credits it with his success 4:39 Class of 2017 - If I Knew Then What I Know Now 2:34 Graduate overwhelmed by positive national response to her story of homelessness 3:04 After 5 principals in 6 years, a call for stability at Southeast Raleigh High 1:28 Changing Wake County's approach to school discipline 1:16 Adding a teen perspective to new novel 1:15 We will go, we will go, to first grade here we come 0:39 Rohan Sachdev wins the 2015 Wake County Spelling Bee 0:22 25 students were on a bus when driver had a ‘medical emergency’ and ran off the road Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago A special tradition for graduates at Broughton High School 0:47 4 hours ago A special tradition for graduates at Broughton High School 1:06 6 hours ago A once reluctant community college student now credits it with his success 4:39 14 hours ago Class of 2017 - If I Knew Then What I Know Now View More Video Education Broughton High School graduates turn their tassels to end school year UNC law school rallies as legislators consider big budget cut With a community college’s boost and a donated seersucker suit, he found a path to success White teacher loses a week’s pay for comparing black student to a slave High school seniors return to their old elementary schools to give advice Education Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Search Primary Menu Skip to content Wind Energy Other renewables Grids Electric Vehicle System Operator Batteries Pumping system OpEd Español Search for: Evwind, News Menu, OpEd, Other renewables, System Operator, Uncategorized, Wind Energy, wind energy Wind power works like a charm for General Mills June 9, 2017 reve We heard news yesterday that has us after a bowl of Lucky Charms. General Mills, a Fortune 500 company and American multinational maker of many well-known brands, such as Annie’s, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Old El Paso, Cheerios and Lucky Charms, signed a 15-year contract for 100 megawatts of Texas wind power capacity. The company’s wind power purchase will help fund the construction of Renewable Energy System’s Cactus Flats wind farm in Concho County, near the heart of Texas. And there’s no luck involved – wind power purchases like these are made for concrete economic and environmental reasons. Renewable Energy System’s Cactus Flats wind farm might power your next bowl of cereal. General Mills will get reliable, clean electricity and stable prices from the wind farm, and Concho County in turn will see the company’s investment translate into approximately 250 American jobs during construction. Counties that host wind farms see lasting benefits – well-paying careers and new revenue for farmers, ranchers, and the community as a whole. Leading companies like General Motors, Microsoft, Walmart, and many more are adding fuel to America’s rural economic engine by purchasing wind power from heartland states. By growing the market for wind power, these companies helped the American wind industry add jobs nine times faster than the overall U.S. economy during 2016. Demand from corporate buyers, utilities, American cities, universities and even the U.S. Army will help maintain wind power’s momentum into the future. That makes this bowl of cereal a little sweeter. Evan Vaughan aweablog.org AWEAU.S.wind energy Post navigation Previous PostFloating offshore wind energy comes of age with break-through pipeline of projectsNext PostAccess Power secures USTDA Grant funding for Zambia wind power project Follow us in social media Become a member of AEE Do you want to be an E-Ambassador? Click here Subscribe me Name:* Email:* * This field is required Tag Cloud Acciona AEE aerogeneradores Argentina Asociación Empresarial Eólica AWEA Brasil Chile China CO2 coche eléctrico concentrated solar power Concentrating Solar Power CSP Enel Green Power energías renovables España EV eólica Eólica marina eólico Fotovoltaica Gamesa GE Iberdrola India Latinoamérica México offshore photovoltaic Protermosolar PV renewable energy Siemens solar energy Solar Power termosolar U.S. UK Vestas wind-farm Wind Energy wind energy wind power África Home About us About wind energy What is wind energy? The advantages About the electric vehicle Definition and types Wind energy and The Electric Vehicle V2G Grids Contact us Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 Spanish Reve          Spanish Wind Energy Association          The blog of AEE          Convention Wind and Global Wind Day          Creating Web Design and applications viaintermedia
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC | Survey Monkey Small Business Survey Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report The ranks of distressed apparel and specialty retailers are growing, Moody's finds In February, among Moody's rated retail and apparel issuers, 19 retailers had ratings of 'Caa' or lower. That number has now grown to 22 companies, or approximately 15 percent of the firm's retail and apparel category, Moody's reported this week. Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trouble spots are growing in retail: Moody's    13 Hours Ago | 03:54 There appears to be more trouble brewing in the world of retail. The number of distressed retailers will likely grow larger over the next year to 18 months amid a secular shift in the industry, with more defaults expected in the months ahead, a new report from Moody's has found. "Retail is over-stored now," the financial services firm's lead retail analyst, Charlie O'Shea, told CNBC's "Power Lunch" on Friday. "As you look at the real estate base, it's an asset. But you have to get [stores] to be flexible enough to use in an online business [capacity]." In February, among Moody's rated retail and apparel issuers, 19 retailers had ratings of 'Caa' or lower — implying a heavily distressed company. That number has now grown to 22 companies, or approximately 15 percent of the firm's retail and apparel category, Moody's reported this week. This is a reoccurring theme in retail, O'Shea told CNBC. "Liquidity issues on top of competitive pressures make a tough situation for everyone." Among those 22 distressed names are Gymboree, Sears, Nine West, Claire's Store, David's Bridal and Charming Charlie, the firm found. "These are many bellwether retailers dropping into 'Caa' territory." Issuers on the firm's prior February report but not on Moody's latest report include Rue21 and Payless Shoesource, both of which have filed for bankruptcy and had their ratings withdrawn. Still, analysts continue to suggest the overall retail industry maintains sound fundamentals, O'Shea said. There are select groups — department stores and specialty retailers — mainly dragging their peers down. Best Buy, Wal-Mart and Nordstrom are examples of retailers bucking the negative trends in the industry, he said. "There's a lot of collateral damage out there right now." O'Shea suggests keeping an eye on those 22 names to track which company might file for bankruptcy sooner rather than later. And there's a load of retail debt coming due in 2018. "Many retailers don't have the flexibility to do what they need to do." Read the full report from Moody's. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JWN --- WMT --- BBY --- SHLD --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root gizmodo Spectacular New Figures From Spider-Man, Wonder Woman, and Overwatch, and Even More Great Toys of the Week James Whitbrook and Andrew LiszewskiYesterday 2:45pm Filed to: Toy Aisle Toys Wonder Woman Invisible Jet Hot Wheels Walmart Cars Anki Cozmo Transformers: The Last Knight Optimus Prime Transformers Spider-Man Hot Toys Action Figures Spider-Man Homecoming Die Hard Coloring Books Jurassic Park Chronicle Collectibles Monty Python's Flying Circus Monopoly Monty Python-opoly ThinkGeek 30 3 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Welcome back to Toy Aisle, io9's weekly reminder to hide your life savings somewhere safe, because there are so many goddamn awesome toys coming out. This week: Hot Toys finally unleashes the Homecoming figure we really want, Overwatch gets an amazing action figure, Anki’s adorable robot gets a new coat of paint, and more! Hot Toys’ Spider-Man Homecoming Deluxe Figure The second 12-inch Spider-Man Homecoming figure from Hot Toys finally features Peter Parker in his fancy crime-fighting Underoos courtesy of Tony Stark. In addition to a new masked head sculpt and a new likeness of actor Tom Holland, the sixth-scale figure also comes with four sets of swappable eyes for recreating various expressions, magnetically attachable web-wings, and a bunch of web-slinging parts. The deluxe version also comes with a zip-up hoodie, a high school blazer, and a detailed version of the Vulture’s helmet we’re going to assume Spidey takes as a souvenir. Spoiler alert? [Hot Toys via Toyark] Mezco One:12 Wonder Woman Now that Wonder Woman is out, a whole wave of merchandise for DC’s legendary Amazon is on the way—and if that pricey Hot Toys figure is a bit out of your range, this version of Diana from Mezco is half the size but less than half the price, while still looking pretty damn good. Complete with her sword, shield, lasso of truth, six interchangeable hands, and even an alternate head of Diana looking like she’s just about ready to beat you the hell up, Mezco’s latest 1:12 scale figure is expected to be available some time between November 2017 and January 2018 for $80. [Mezco] Transformers: The Last Knight Voyager Class Optimus Prime Figure Like the original animated series, the (seemingly) endless run of Hollywood’s Transformers movies mostly serve as long commercials for a new batch of robot toys. The Last Knight is no different, but this $50 Voyager Class Optimus Prime figure, available initially at Comic-Con 2017, comes with a good reason to try and snatch one up in San Diego. Advertisement A limited number of figures will include an authentic piece of truck tire, screen-used in one of the Transformers films, authenticated by truck maker Western Star. Was it specifically used on Optimus Prime? Hasbro’s a little vague about that detail, given just how many vehicles are used in each movie. Monty Python-opoly Even if you don’t have room for another box on your board game shelf, it’s time to make some. Who needs Scrabble when the umpteenth edition of Monopoly ($45) trades Rich Uncle Pennybags for Monty Python’s Flying Circus’ 1975 theatrical search for the Holy Grail? The entire Monopoly board and accessories have been given a facelift, with the traditional tokens replaced by the Black Knight, the Holy Grail, the Trojan Rabbit, half a coconut, and the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch. [ThinkGeek via The Awesomer] Justice League Mattel Figures The Justice League movie might be months away, but never let that get in the way of hyping up the toyline already. Mattel has taken to the official Justice League website to tease the next wave of figures based on the movie—from 6" scaled Multiverse figures for each member of the League (including Superman, who gets a rough deal compared to the rest of his colleagues in the likeness department), to 3.75" superarticulated figures, and even a new toy version of the Batmobile with lights and sounds. Start preparing your wallets for August, DC fans, there’s gonna be a lot of cool stuff to buy. [Join the League] Die Hard: The Official Coloring Book Yippie ki-yay, mothercrayon. Nearly 30 years after Bruce Willis went from Moonlighting to a bona fide action hero, Die Hard remains a near-perfect film, and an important part of many families’ holiday traditions. But with this $13 official Die Hard coloring book, you can enjoy the film all year round through 80 pages of black and white illustrations to color, puzzles, games, quotes from the movie, and the best connect-the-dots you’ve ever completed. [Firebox via The Green Head] Hot Wheels Wonder Woman Invisible Jet It’s not the first time a toy company has sold an empty package claiming a miniature version of Wonder Woman’s invisible jet was inside, but Hot Wheels might be asking too much for its latest version. In addition to sending along receipts proving you’ve spent $20 on Hot Wheels toys at a Walmart between now and July 15, you’ll also need to include $3.50 with your completed order form to cover shipping costs. That’s more than a basic Hot Wheels car costs, and at least that gives something more than an empty blister pack to display. [Hot Wheels Collector] Chronicle Collectibles Jurassic Park Raptor Egg Prop Replica For those who don’t remember the Pet Rock fad that swept across the country in 1975, with clever packaging and accessories, an advertising exec found a way to sell 1.5 million rocks to people. Hoping that history will repeat itself, Chronicle Collectibles will now let you pre-order a full-size replica of the Velociraptor eggs seen in the original Jurassic Park. To reiterate, for $200 you can get a prop replica of a prop replica, plus a lovely display stand. [Facebook: Chronicle Collectibles via Toyark] Figma Tracer Cheers love, the Cavalry’s here! Overwatch fans have been waiting since the game came out just over a year ago to get awesome figures of the quirky cast of heroes, scientists, and adventurers of Blizzard’s team-based scifi FPS game. Now Goodsmile are threatening to emptier your wallet faster than that lootbox-buying spree you went on during the anniversary event to get that Sentai Genji skin ever did (don’t worry, we’ve all been there). Kicking off the line is a 5.5" recreation of Overwatch’s mascot, the chipper, time-hopping Tracer, who comes with her trusty SMGs, three different faceplates for a variety of expressions, a set of hands to recreate her poses from the game, and even a little pulse bomb for Tracer to eventually fling at other figures in the line. Expected to release at the end of the year, Tracer should set you back around $55 if you preorder her from Japan. If you take the easy option and go through Blizzard, it’ll be $70. [Blizzard Gear Store] Anki Cozmo Liquid Metal Collector’s Edition Available in the US for the past year now, Anki’s Cozmo robot is about as close as you can get to owning one of the droids from Star Wars—despite it being just a few inches tall. The tiny bot is finally ready to visit other countries, rolling out to Canada in July, and then available in the UK, France, Germany, and Nordic countries in September, alongside a new collector’s edition version of Cozmo featuring a sleek “liquid metal” finish. If Star Wars’ Captain Phasma had a droid sidekick, this is what it would look like. [Anki] Take a stroll down the Toy Aisle The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, and More Wonderful Toys of the Week Spider-Man: Homecoming's Spider-Drone Is Now a Real Thing, and More Fantastic Toys of the Week Mickey Mouse Becomes a Transformer, and the Rest of the Coolest Toys We Saw This Week You may also like Lifehacker If You Want to Be More Attractive, Get More Sleep  Yesterday 6:00pm Lifehacker How Much Sex You "Should" Be Having Yesterday 10:00am Screengrabber Draymond Green On Clevelanders: "They Don't Seem To Be The Sharpest People Around" Today 1:33am Popular from io9 53 310 84.4K io9 The First Black Panther Teaser Trailer is Here and It's Epic as Hell Yesterday 8:47pm 16 329 54.1K io9 I Have Concerns About Tony Stark's Role in Spider-Man: Homecoming, in That I Hate It So Much Yesterday 2:00pm 8 10 15.2K io9 You Can Now Buy That Kickass Wonder Woman Poster You Fell in Love With Last Weekend Yesterday 7:00pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Diversity Adoption Family * More Tags... Industry News * Publishing * More Industries... News By Location * Bentonville   Arkansas   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 Kharis Publishing Launches Children Imprint     Saving-Joey-FrontCover_72e10cd2-60a0-4549-90a5-f89   Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: * Diversity Adoption Family Industry: * Publishing Location: * Bentonville - Arkansas - US Subject: * EventsBENTONVILLE, Ark. - June 9, 2017 - PRLog -- In commemoration of its second anniversary, Kharis Publishing launches an imprint dedicated to children's books. The new imprint, called Kharis Kids, will soon release our first children's book: Joey's Journey Series.  According to Mary Gibson, Director of Sales and Marketing: "It made sense to launch the children's imprint with the debut of Joey's Journey, a powerful story of hope and courage. We are so excited to launch this new imprint with our first children's book; it feels like Christmas in July!" Joey's Journey is a children's book series based on the true story of a foundling, Mr. Joseph Wood, the current County Judge for Washington County in Arkansas. The aim of this series is to encourage adoption, inspire young people in the foster care system, motivate parents and young children to believe for a better tomorrow, and facilitate conversations about role of the family and our ability to transform lives. Saving Joey (Book 1) is the story of a young, black, teenage girl who abandons her newborn. She wraps her baby in a blanket and places him in a basket. Leaving him on the streets of Chicago in below-freezing temperature, she waits for her baby to be found. Why? Fortunately, a man rescues the newborn, Joey, from the snow and ice-covered stairs one late evening as he was going to work. With neighbors and police involved, Joey is sure to have a future, after all. About the Author: Joseph K. Wood is a foundling. Abandoned as a newborn on the streets of Chicago, he would later be adopted from St. Vincent's Orphanage. Joseph became a teen leader in the tough neighborhood of Jeffery Manor. Since then he has grown and has held key leadership positions as a bank examiner with Illinois Commissioner of Banks, assistant director with the University of Chicago Booth School, head of recruitment at Walmart International and Deputy Secretary of State for the Arkansas Secretary of State Office. Joseph Wood is an elected official and currently serves in Arkansas as the Washington County Judge. About the Illustrator: Theresa Cates is a native Arkansan. She started painting as a youth and found it was a necessary expression she could share with others. Both Mr. Wood and Ms. Cates may be reached through www.joeysjourneyseries.org, where readers may sign up to be notified about upcoming releases in the Joey's Journey Series; or to make an appointment for reading and/or painting workshops for school, class, church, or business groups. "Ceaser Johnson, the gentleman that found baby Joey at his doorstep, wept while reading the book because he said he felt like it had captured what had happened, fifty some years ago, that cold wintry night." The Chicago Tribune did a story on the author and his intriguing story a few years ago: http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/columnists/schmich/ct-... Kharis Publishing, an imprint of Kharis Media LLC, is a traditional publishing house located in Northwest Arkansas. The Publisher is focused on acquiring and releasing high impact books and giving authors a trusted platform to share their stories. Kharis Publishing is also driven by a core passion to establish mini-libraries or resource centers for orphanages in developing countries, so these kids will learn to read, dream, and grow. Ten percent of each book sold goes directly towards equipping these resource centers with books and computers. Every time you publish or purchase a book from Kharis Publishing, your partnership goes a long way, literally, towards giving these kids an amazing opportunity to read, dream, and grow. Learn more at http://www.kharispublishing.com Contact Mary Gibson ***@kharispublishing.org End Source : Kharis Publishing Email : ***@kharispublishing.org Tags : Diversity Adoption Family Industry : Publishing Location : Bentonville - Arkansas - United States Subject : Events Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Page Updated Last on: Jun 09, 2017 Kharis Publishing News Kharis Publishing Releases "Saving Joey," First In its Children's Book Series, Joey's Journey Kharis Publishing Shares an Opportunity to Help Orphans Take Charge of Their Future Kharis Publishing Releases a New Title: Discovering True Love Kharis Publishing Releases a New Title, Beer, Wine or Vodka:What Should I Drink And How Much Understanding Your Destiny: Finding Meaning in the Book of Ruth Trending Waldorf Youth Organization Suspected Embezzlement, Bullying, And Safety Concerns Demand For The Immediate Removal Of The Organization's President How To Hire The Right VA Disability Lawyer John P. Previti Memorial Foundation To Make Impact With Area Youth Thoughout Riverside And San Bernardino Counties GIS Cloud Crowdsourcing Solution Released The Best Trekking Poles announced by OutsidePursuits.com Daily News The Best Trekking Poles announced by OutsidePursuits.com - 435 views GrooveCar's CU Xpress Lease Reports Q1 2017 Growth - 241 views GIS Cloud Crowdsourcing Solution Released - 229 views Hit Gospel Songwriter, Performing Artist, Producer, and Director Estee Bullock to Release New Album Entitled "For The One I Love" - 174 views Shea Apartments Portfolio Receives National Recognition for Resident Satisfaction - 101 views Weekly News Calgrove Media Announces 3-picture Deal With Acclaimed Child Movie Star Jet Jurgensmeyer For Beloved Popchuck Chronicles Series - 2573 views Dallas Cowboy Hall of Famer Randy White Fishes Lake Texoma  to Benefit North Texas Children - 1695 views L-Tron Product Launch for Law Enforcement: Light Grenade - 924 views Three Shamrock Financial Loan Officers Win the Five Star Professional Award - 855 views Ivana Hamilton wins Mrs. Delaware America Pageant 2017. Heads to Mrs. America! - 687 views Daily News The Best Trekking Poles announced by OutsidePursuits.com - 435 views GrooveCar's CU Xpress Lease Reports Q1 2017 Growth - 241 views GIS Cloud Crowdsourcing Solution Released - 229 views Hit Gospel Songwriter, Performing Artist, Producer, and Director Estee Bullock to Release New Album Entitled "For The One I Love" - 174 views Shea Apartments Portfolio Receives National Recognition for Resident Satisfaction - 101 views Weekly News Calgrove Media Announces 3-picture Deal With Acclaimed Child Movie Star Jet Jurgensmeyer For Beloved Popchuck Chronicles Series - 2573 views Dallas Cowboy Hall of Famer Randy White Fishes Lake Texoma  to Benefit North Texas Children - 1695 views L-Tron Product Launch for Law Enforcement: Light Grenade - 924 views Three Shamrock Financial Loan Officers Win the Five Star Professional Award - 855 views Ivana Hamilton wins Mrs. Delaware America Pageant 2017. Heads to Mrs. America! - 687 views PTC News Trina Robbins, First Woman To Draw Wonder Woman, Selected For Wizard World Hall of Legends - 1839 views Lennar Announces New Phase of Homes at Tehaleh - 316 views James Marsters, 'Ghost of the Robot' To Perform At Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento, June 17 - 224 views Altair Irvine Sneak Peek Event on Saturday, June 17th - 197 views 'Buffy,' Beckinsale, Kilmer Q&A's Head Programming At Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento - 101 views Jun 09, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
71.0° Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Photos and Lists Today's Ads Video News Video Live Video Photo Store Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Local They’ve found their true north West Coast couple finds happiness as Midwest business owners BY AvaLynda Casey For Sauk Valley Media 1:24 pm Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com Caption Mike and Gloria Heath opened North Creek in downtown Dixon in November. The Heaths check out estate sales, storage units sales and auctions all over the area to find interesting, affordable furnishings. “We’ve made friends since we opened, and we’ve found that city officials and community leaders are just regular people here,” Gloria said. “This small town has grown on us.” Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com Caption Most pieces undergo some minor cosmetic rehab, such as a fresh coat of stain. Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com Caption The store is full of fun and functional items. Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com Caption The styles in the store runs the gamut from classical to funky. Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com Caption Stock is constantly rotated new items hit the floor regularly. Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com Caption Gloria repairs lamps and is working on creating her own lampshades. Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com Caption Gloria makes and sells these sitting poufs, a modern-day take on the bean bag chair. Alex T. Paschal/apaschal@saukvalley.com Caption North Creek is located at 105 First St. in Dixon. There’s not much Mike and Gloria Heath can’t take and make into something new – even a store name. When the couple was deciding on a name for their new business, they recycled the name of the California subdivision where they had their first home together. North Creek became NorthCreek and in November, their downtown business was born.  The store sells art, up-cycled furniture, and more. The furniture is used, mid-century, some original or refinished, others painted. Gloria makes some of the pillows, repairs lamps, and does some light upholstering. “We don’t like to see furniture thrown away,” Gloria said. “Most people don’t need a whole-house overhaul. Just adding a pillow or a change in furniture setting can do the trick.” “Our selection is quality. Real wood, regardless of condition – if it has solid bones, we can always bring it back or we can fix it,” Mike said. The couple displays their handiwork – tables, chairs, lamps, candles, lanterns and patio furniture – in vignettes, so the customer can see how it might look in their room. Customers can also bring in a picture of their room, and tell them what they’re looking for, and if the Heaths don’t have it, they’ll put the customer’s name in their request file and call if they find it. The couple says they price their merchandise so that anyone can find something in their price range Mike buys local paint and hardware for their projects and knows business owners by name. NorthCreek also rents out pieces for staging or for plays. The Heaths both are transplants from big cities. Mike, 49, was born in southern California and always lived near big cities. Gloria, 50, was born in Mexico City. Mutual friends brought them together in 1986 and they married in 1996. They have two children, Rudy, 30, of Madison, Wisconsin, and Shelina, 26, of California. In the early 2000s, Mike and Gloria brought Shelina, Gloria’s brother Cesar, and his daughter Jasmine, to visit Gloria’s sister Susana, in Rockford. The colorful fall leaves set the wheels in motion for them to move to the Midwest. “The trees were so beautiful. We’d never seen colors like that before,” Gloria said. “We were thinking that these places only exist in the movies, they aren’t real; it was so Norman Rockwell-like.” “I fell in love with the area, too, right away,” Mike said. “I’ve always wished I was born on a farm.” They moved to the area in 2005. Today, they work opposite shifts at Walmart Distribution 3 days a week.  Their talent for turning something old into something new took hold after Gloria started looking for a second income to cover Shelina’s college expenses  “We started doing yard sales from our Dixon home 3 years ago,” she said. “Rudy worked for a moving company, and he told us about used and discarded furniture, going-out-of-business sales and estate sales. So, Mike would repair and up-scale a piece, and I’d fix up a few lamps. We were the only rummage location who would accept charge cards with our Square.” They’d been traveling to Madison, Chicago, Rockford, Aurora, and they practically lived on Craigslist.  One day, a lady asked them if they owned a store and a switch went on. Now that their idea for a business is a reality, the West Coast transplants are settling into their roles as Midwest business owners, and they couldn’t be happier. “We’ve made friends since we opened, and we’ve found that city officials and community leaders are just regular people here,” she said. “This small town has grown on us.” “We love to create connections with our community … ” Mike said. “We love the feel and the people of a small town ... We couldn’t live in a big town now. Dixon is home.” NORTHCREEK Address: 105 E. First St. Phone: 815-315-8745 Hours: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Friday Email: northcreek2016@yahoo.com Online: facebook.com/northcreekstore and @northcreekstore on Instagram Related Links They’ve found their true north Legion will hold cookout Saturday in Dixon Dixon won’t put its name on the line Dixon gets ready for the roadwork ahead A new lease on a young life The Perfect Father's Day Gift Relive the memories with Shaw Media's "Chicago Cubs 2016 World Champs" book. Perfect for the Chicago sports fan in your family. Purchase yours now! Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Donald Trump has been president for about 100 days. How would you rate his performance so far? Excellent Good Average Fair Poor Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribeSubscriber Services Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it On Small Business Perspective Perspective Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Are red state buyers different than those in blue states? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Gene Marks By Gene Marks May 22 Follow @genemarks (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) Your business, like many businesses, has customers all across the country thanks to the Internet. Your job is to find more of them and target your products to the demographics that are most inclined to buy. The problem is that you have limited marketing resources and don’t want to waste money by targeting the wrong group. Should politics be a factor? You would think that the Trump supporter in Texas would share little in common with the Hillary fan from Chicago. A new survey may help you figure this out. According to an infographic released today by Goodshop, an online marketplace that donates a portion of every sale to more than 114,000 nonprofits and schools, your potential customers in red and blue states are different in some ways, the same in others. For example, red state people seem to shop travel sites more than their blue state counterparts and favor brands like Tripadvisor, Hotels.com and Orbitz. So if you’re selling travel-related products or services you may find more customers there. Not surprisingly, people in red states consider themselves more independent (doesn’t Texas want to secede?) and want less help not only from the government, but, apparently, from contractors too. They prefer do-it-yourself projects and like arts and crafts stores as well as the big brand hardware outlets like Home Depot and Lowe’s more so than those in blue states. Again, if that’s the kind of product or service you provide…well, now you know where to sell. Regardless of these differences, there’s one thing that both Republicans and Democrats can agree on: value. Kohl’s, Walmart, Target and Amazon were the favorite brand names in both red and blue states. Sure, they’re huge and dominating. But these are all brands that provide affordable products for daily use and emphasize convenience over specialization. Apparently, there are a lot of 99 percenters out there, regardless of their political affiliation. The Goodshop survey found a few other interesting facts.Amazon is not in the favorite top 10 brand of Washington Staters…even though the company is headquartered there. In California, See’s Candies ranked in the top three of resident favorites even though the company is relatively unknown outside of the state (see what happens when you focus locally?). “In a time when people feel divided, it’s nice to know that we’re not all that different when it comes to something as integral to our lives as where we decide to shop,” John Park, Goodshop’s chief executive told me. This is true. But successful business owners also know their demographics too. Judging by this information, there are opportunities for those that capitalize on the differences – and the similarities – between red and blue staters. business on-small-business on-small-business false after3th true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Gene Marks owns the Marks Group, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa.-based consulting firm that helps clients with customer relationship management. Marks is an author and a certified public accountant, and he writes regularly for The Post’s On Small Business blog. For more about Marks, visit genemarks.com. Follow @genemarks Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Theresa May vows to ‘lead Britain forward’ despite staggering election blow 2 Comey: White House lied about me, FBI 3 Comey describes being ‘queasy’ when attorney general made Clinton request 4 ‘You disappeared?’: Chinese woman fights for husband, family 5 The center in British politics has all but disappeared, leaving the country as polarized as the U.S. The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe business on-small-business on-small-business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Market Watch DJIA 0.04% NASDAQ 0.39% Get quote Last Update: 06/09/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
62.0° My Account Digital Account Print Account Text Alerts Planit Save Account Contact Us Sections Towns Batavia Geneva St. Charles Elburn Sugar Grove More Towns News News Home Local Election Central Get Newsletter Crime and Courts Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports 2017 Election Results Finance Face Time Corrections Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather More Photos and Lists Obituaries Today's Ads Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Planit Kane Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access kcchronicle.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Want to make sure you receive the latest local news? We’ve got you covered! Get the best in local news, sports, community events, with focus on what’s coming up for the weekend. Weekly mail subscription offers Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from Kane County Chronicle, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters Sign up for free email alerts. We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Local Batavia police reports 1:07 pm • The theft of tools was reported June 1 at Meyers Woodworking, 1413 S. River St., Batavia. Someone cut the lock off a trailer and took a circular saw valued at $315, and two chainsaws, one worth $2,000 and one $150, according to a report. • Stephanie Aguilar, 19, of the 700 block of Delius Avenue, Aurora, and Yaremi G. Sanchez, 19, of the 2300 block of Marigold Court, Aurora, were charged June 1 with retail theft less than $300 at Kohl's, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Identity theft was reported June 2 in the 2400 block of Bird Lane, Batavia. • A house was egged in the 2000 block of Conde Court, Batavia, according to a June 2 police report. • Wayne L. Boyd, 46, of the 500 block of North River Street, Batavia, was charged June 2 with domestic battery and aggravated assault, according to a report. • A vehicle's front passenger side tire was slashed, according to a June 2 report of criminal damage to property in the 1200 block of East Wilson Street, Batavia. • Jonathan M. Anderson, 31, of the 1300 block of Brandywine Circle, Batavia, was charged June 4 with resisting arrest, aggravated battery to an officer and aggravated assault to an officer in the 0-99 block of East Wilson Street, Batavia, according to a report. • Firearms were reported stolen June 4 in the 600 block of Hamilton Way, Batavia. • Merchandise valued at $115 was reported stolen June 4 at Kohl's, 251 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • The May 24 theft of a backpack containing a hand-held game console and game at Batavia High School, 1201 Main St., Batavia, was reported June 4. • Angel E. Arriaga-Rosales, 21, of the 100 block of North 15th Street, St. Charles, was charged June 5 with retail theft at Walmart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. * Barnabis M. Hill, 32, of the 5400 block of South Honore Street, Chicago, was charged June 6 with domestic battery in the 1300 block of East Wilson Street, Batavia, according to a report. • Jose M. Loza-Rios, 20, of the 900 block of North Lancaster Avenue, Aurora, was charged June 6 with underage consumption of alcohol in the 800 block of Walnut Street, Batavia. • Burglary to a motor vehicle was reported June 6 in the 1000 block of Lorlyn Circle, Batavia. The report listed the taken items as a leather wallet, about $40 in cash, a driver's license, debit card and dual car stereo. • The theft of $250 in the parking lot of Target, 115 N. Randall Road, Batavia, was reported June 6. • Unauthorized transactions were reported June 6 as credit card fraud in the 1200 block of Giese Road, Batavia. Related Links Batavia man's body found in Yellowstone National Park Batavia police reports Water Street Studios in Batavia to unveil 'Watercolor Show' Shawn Mazza named deputy chief of Batavia police Batavia man strikes juvenile pedestrians in crosswalk with a car, charged with DUI The Results are in! See all the Best of the Fox winners here! Click Here AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Terms of ServicePrivacy PolicyEditorial Principles About Our AdsPlace a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Skip to content Search for: Menu Top Categories Teen Mom Breaking Amish Love & Hip Hop Basketball Wives Real Housewives of Atlanta Blac Chyna Kylie Jenner Teen Mom 2 Love & Hip Hop Atlanta Flip or Flop Married at First Sight I AM HOMICIDE Detective Garry McFadden shares bio, reveals show secrets in new Q&A Jun. 9, 2017 | 1:07 pm | Author : John | Categories : Detective Garry McFadden Did You Know? I Am Homicide Investigation Discovery’s hit I Am Homicide recently debuted its Season 2 premiere to strong ratings and great fanfare. As we recently wrote, the second season of the show will be longer than the first by at least one episode, and possibly by several more–so fans of Detective Garry McFadden have a lot to look forward to this summer. On that note, then, let us draw your attention to the extensive Facebook Q&A Garry recently engaged in with viewers. The running time of the video may “only” be about fifteen minutes, but Detective McFadden manages to answer a lot of questions in that time. We’ve put together a partial transcript of his thoughts on homicide horrors, down-time, street informers, what it’s really like to be on the I Am Homicide set, and a whole lot more. If you’d like to check out the complete Detective Garry McFadden Q&A, the video is below. Our transcript–with questions in boldface, and Garry’s answers in plain text–follows the video: How long does it take to really solve a murder? “If the suspect is on the scene, it’s gonna be solved that day. But, if they’re not, then it’s gonna take a couple of days, and then–the witnesses, if they all come forward, and talk to me, I’ll get to put somebody in that box.” What’s the worst crime you ever saw or that you ever solved? “I think the one that sticks out in my mind is a young lady [who] starved her one of her kids to death, and allowed the other kid to starve in a bedroom. But we actually found the young man before he died. And I think that would rank up there at the top.” What’s the hardest part about being a detective? “The hardest part about my job–and any detective will tell you this–is giving the death notification. And it would still be hard if I had to do it today.” What’s one piece of advice you would give to someone who wants to become a detective? “Be patient; be honest; be sincere; and never, ever lie to your victims’ families.” Can you tell us one secret from being on the I Am Homicide set? “It’s cold every day we’re in there. It’s actually very, very cold. The bathrooms are very cold. And we eat the same lunch every day…Panera bread.” How do you separate yourself from the things that you see at a crime scene? “I go out and shop. I buy clothes; I buy suits. I never go home directly after a homicide, unless it’s four o’ clock in the morning–and then it’s about a two-hour drive anyway, because I’m tired [and] I don’t want to hit a deer. But, other than that, just getting away, never going home. Believe it or not, how else do I separate myself: I become personal with the victim’s family, and I actually have a conversation with them on the way home.” Do you keep in touch with the victims’ families? “I keep in touch with probably 50% of my victims’ families. I attend their weddings; this coming week I’m going to three graduations; I have been the best man in weddings; I have spoken at family members’ funerals. So, I keep in touch…it’s been over 30 years [in some cases]. So the kids who were three years old are now 25 years old.” What’s the hardest part about solving a homicide? “The hardest part is actually getting witnesses to come forward who you know have seen it, who you know have been on the crime scene, and who have all the information. Getting them to come to court, or even telling you what happened–that’s the hardest part.” Can you tell us a little bit about your infamous “peeps on the street?” “My peeps on the street are always on the street, and I don’t bring my peeps to court. We kind of have a casual conversation on the corner. And every neighborhood has that corner store. So, instead of getting out and saying ‘Hey, I’m the po-po, I’m the police, I’m the 5-0,’ just get out and say, ‘Hey, come on, y’all. Let me just have a drink with y’all and tell me what you know. You may not have to come to court, but steer me in the right direction.’ So, being on the streets is where I love to be.” What’s the best way a woman can protect herself when walking alone? “Run! No; don’t run. Don’t show a lot of fear. Look the person in the eye, and if you have to fight, fight like it means your life. Which it probably will.” What does you do with his time off? “I grill. Barbecue and grill. If you want to come over, I’ll barbecue and grill you something. And I do fish on the side.” How has your life changed since I Am Homicide aired? “Well, I talk to more people than I ever thought I would. Wal-Mart is a good place to go if I want to see some fans. Just walking down the street, going to the airport. Just talking to people. And I think that’s the biggest change of being recognized, and absolutely understand that–’You can’t be talking about me,’ but I look around and they are talking about me. And just being recognized from the show is the biggest part that’s changed my life. What do you to relieve stress? “I don’t go home; I grill; I fly fish. I think the most part is fly-fishing–that’s the thing that most relieves my stress.” What would you say is the #1 tip for overall crime prevention? Know your surroundings. Always be aware of your surroundings, and be attentive. I would say that would be the #1 crime prevention tip–because, if it happens, you’ll want to recall it, and tell us what happened. What would you be doing if you weren’t doing this? “I would be coaching high school football. And I would have all the mothers away from the sideline, and also the fathers.” I Am Homicide Season 2 airs Tuesday nights at 10 on Investigation Discovery. (Photo credits: Detective Garry McFadden via Investigation Discovery) RELATED ARTICLES NAKED AND AFRAID Who has the all-time highest PSR? The lowest? Survival data galore PHOTOS Does Good Bones’ Mina Starsiak have a daughter? Why doesn’t Stan Zuray’s wife Kathleen join the Yukon Men cast? Is Naked And Afraid scripted? Producers explain how the show works GOT A TIP? CLICK HERE! Briana is BACK! MTV confirms Briana DeJesus joining Teen Mom 2 with after show appearance, preview clip MTV has finally confirmed that former Teen Mom 3 star Briana DeJesus will be jumping franchises and joining the cast of Teen Mom 2 for the upcoming season! The confirmation of the cast addition, first reported back in March, came in the form of an appearance by Briana on the Teen Mom OG after show. Keep reading for a complete recap of Briana’s appearance, which also included her mom and sister. keep reading Top Posts Debra Danielsen calls Simon Saran a ‘gold-digger’ he calls her a ‘miserable hooker’ and ‘straight trash’ PHOTOS Fixer Upper Season 5 update: Reveal spoilers, Chip’s new look, possible guest stars, and an air date Brandi Glanville burns LeAnn Rimes truce to the ground 90 DAY FIANCE Melanie Bowers is pregnant, expecting 1st child with Devar in December Dalis Connell doubles down on Ryan Edwards rehab reveal Mischa Barton declares victory in revenge porn case Ryan Ashley Malarkey returning for Ink Master: Angels STREET OUTLAWS Kye Kelley denies being racist after Rickey Toney & Smoke falling out ‘Victimized’ Josh Duggar sues over released molestation docs TEEN MOM Dalis Connell says Ryan Edwards was in rehab before Recent Posts I AM HOMICIDE Detective Garry McFadden shares bio, reveals show VIDEO Amanda Bynes ‘serious’ about Drake vagina murder DATELINE Cara Rintala retrial in Massachussets murder hinges on cold Judge denies motion to dismiss for teen who urged boyfriend’s Amber Portwood reacts to Farrah Abraham cease and desist letter LINKS Beador vs Gunvalson, Seinfeld on #Ke$huggate, Ariel Farrah dating show Farrah Abraham will date fans on new MTV dating show ‘Love Socially’ It looks like Matt Baier may get another shot at dating Teen Mom OG cast mate Farrah Abraham as she will be starring in a brand new MTV dating reality series in which she will date fans after connecting via social media. keep reading Home About Us Privacy Policy Employment © 2014 - 2017 starcasm.net, All Rights Reserved. Web design Austin | Cooper Design
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Cities Topics Handbook More Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook ✕ Curbed Handbook Apple HomePod, Google Home, Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know New, 3 comments Home tech is taking over by Asad Syrkett@AsadSyrkett Jun 9, 2017, 12:45pm EDT tweet share pin Apple’s recently unveiled HomePod is the latest all-in-one speaker and home tech hub to join Amazon Echo and Google Home. It’ll be available in December. Photo via Apple Editor’s note: This story was originally published in October 2016 and has been updated with the latest information. Since Google launched its smart home hub, the Google Home—joining the Amazon Echo and Apple HomeKit—the dream of the truly smart home has edged ever closer to reality. Even Ikea has jumped in on the action, announcing in May that its line of smart lighting will be compatible with Amazon’s, Google’s, and Apple’s smart home ecosystems. And, earlier this week, Apple announced the HomePod—an all-in-one speaker and smart home hub not unlike the Amazon Echo—that the company hopes will rival the Echo and offer the sound quality of connected audio systems like Sonos’s line of speakers. While that’s great news for tech evangelists, it’s a potential source of more confusion than excitement for your average consumer, whose knowledge of smart home “ecosystems” is often obscured by the increasing number of options out there. That’s where we come in. From price to compatibility and, of course, style, here are the details on the offerings from Apple, Amazon, and Google: how they differ, how much they cost, and all the basics you need to know. Want more info on how to make your home a smart one? Check out our guide to doing just that. Amazon Echo The Amazon Echo Photo via Amazon When Amazon entered the smart home ecosystem fray in November of 2014, it made quite an impression. For one, the Amazon Echo was the first of its kind: a Bluetooth-connected speaker that also plays music from Spotify and Pandora. But Echo went beyond the usual automated-control-of-lights-and-HVAC home tech paradigm with a voice-activated virtual assistant, Alexa, that can turn on the news, set alarms, give users intel on the day’s weather, and answer simple questions like “How many ounces are in a cup?” The Echo hub—a cylindrical, nearly 9.5-inch-tall unit with a black case and blue indicator lights—has a darker, moodier aesthetic than most of the Wall-E-style, white-and-silver home tech products out there, which also helps set it apart. While many consumers want a device that fades into the background, the Echo offers a similarly unobtrusive unit with a different look. Amazon’s Echo Dot Photo via Flickr Amazon announced a more compact version of the Echo, the Echo Dot, in the spring of 2016, and though the smaller device costs a bit less, it still plays music (at lower quality and volume) and can be given voice commands. Who’s it good for? The Echo is a good option for music fans who also want the smart home experience and are down with trying voice-activated smart home interfaces. The brass tacks: The Echo starts at $179.99, and consumers can purchase it online at Amazon.com or at retail stores like Best Buy. The Echo Dot, which is only available for purchase with an Alexa device like the original Echo or Amazon Tap, retails at half the price of its older sibling, for $89.99. There’s an Echo app for both iOS and Android devices. Apple HomeKit Apple’s HomePod will be available in the U.S., U.K. and Australia in December, for $349. Photo via Apple For a while, Apple wasn’t trying to sell consumers on a new, physical hub with its HomeKit ecosystem. There were some benefits there: A user’s existing, iOS 10-equipped device (including iPhones, iPads, Apple Watches, and Apple TVs) could serve as a nexus for a consumer’s intelligent apartment through Apple’s Home app and with voice commands given to Siri, the company’s longtime virtual assistant. Earlier this week, though, Apple announced the HomePod, a smart speaker meant to challenge Amazon Echo’s grip on the market and present an alternative to the Sonos line of products, which are lauded by many for their music audio quality at that price point. How successful the HomePod will be is, at the moment, up for debate. Who’s it good for? Apple’s HomePod and HomeKit ecosystem are the choice for iPeople—folks who already have iOS 10-equipped or iOS 10-ready mobile devices (and that’s a lot of us). If you primarily use an Android device, HomeKit isn’t the best option for you. A HomePod is going to appeal to Apple fans, of course, and to those who go for audio quality over inexpensiveness: At $349, the HomePod is pricier than its competitors. The brass tacks: The Home app comes standard with iOS 10 on any Apple mobile device. You can purchase Apple HomeKit-compatible devices on the Apple website or at an Apple retail shop, as well as at retailers like Target, Best Buy, and Walmart. The HomePod isn’t yet available, though: Apple is bringing it to U.S., U.K., and Australian stores in December, when it will retail for $349. Google Home Photo via Google Google Home is a direct competitor to Amazon Echo: Home, too, is voice activated (“OK Google”), can play music (from your Google Play, Spotify, YouTube Music, Pandora, or TuneIn accounts), set alarms, spout dictionary definitions, and, of course, control lights and thermostats. For now, Google Home doesn’t work with nearly as many home tech products as Amazon Echo—which supports nearly 300 services—but expanded compatibility is likely to come with time. And, as one Curbed reader points out, integrations with IFTTT opens up a world of possibilities for users who want to get their Google Home units to complete certain tasks for them, like adding calendar reminders. For now, Home works with some of the most prominent smart home companies, like Nest, Philips Hue, and anything SmartThings-branded. And, if you already use a Google Chromecast, you’re good to go there, too. Who’s it good for? Google Home is great for people trying to save money (it retails for $109, compared to Amazon Echo’s $179.99) and folks who dig the customizable, colorful speaker grilles available for each unit. It’s also fine for those who don’t mind the rather limited number of products it’s compatible with—at least for now. Odds are, the average user won’t need more than what’s available. The brass tacks: Google Home is available for purchase online and at retailers like Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, and Williams-Sonoma. It’ll run you about $109, plus tax. In this Storystream Home tech 101: Tips for designing your smart home Apple HomePod, Google Home, Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know 4 all-in-one security systems for your smart home View all 10 stories Next Up In Home Tech 4 all-in-one security systems for your smart home Apple HomePod wants to take on Amazon Echo, Google Home, Sonos Samsung's new smart home hub is an all-in-one Wi-Fi router The smart home of 1895: Dumbwaiters, servant call systems, and milk receivers Ori robotic furniture transforms studio apartments into so much more Ikea smart lighting to be compatible with Amazon Alexa, Google Home, and Apple Home app Trending An illustrated guide to Frank Lloyd Wright Get to know the architect’s signature buildings The 11 best botanical gardens in the United States Step under the shady foliage of a local garden and your summer worries melt away, replaced with a plant-inspired serenity. 101 ways to fight climate change and support the Paris agreement Curbed searched communities, consulted experts and advocates, and pulled from our voluminous coverage on sustainable cities to create a go-to guide for climate action. 5 affordable modern prefab houses you can buy right now Some prefab homes out there can go for upwards of $500,000 each. But here, we highlight the relatively affordable options that still don't sacrifice style. Clay house in Mexico City is all about light From the street, the house’s main volume seems to levitate above the slope below, lending a lightness to the clay-covered form. More in Trending Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 54. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Official Rules for Curbed Frank Lloyd Wright Poster Giveaway by CurbedStaff Giant concrete flying saucer-like structures make up this Japanese plaza CoFuFun is a 6,000-square-meter plaza designed by prolific Tokyo-based Studio Nendo. by Lauren Ro Colorful ‘mega mural’ revives industrial space in Maryland At 80 feet high—and comprising about 170 gallons of paint—the work of art is a riot of colorful shapes, stripes, and dots. by Asad Syrkett Midcentury modern Aussie beach house will kickstart your weekend wanderlust Designed in 1963 by architect Brian Mazlin, the elegant post-and-beam home is distinguished by its simplicity. by Lauren Ro New halo-like bike light keeps riders safe by increasing visibility Bikesphere reimagines the common bike light by creating a safety zone around the cyclist in low-light situations. by Lauren Ro 1 comment / new 5 tips for living on a boat full-time After an eight-month-long renovation and almost one full year at sea, a family of four has picked up some tips on how to fully embrace the perks of boat life. by Margaret Lin Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Subscribe log in Site Site Archive Veterans Community Project softball tournament Friday Jun 9, 2017 at 11:00 AM Sam's Club is hosting this softball tournament beginning at 9 a.m. June 14, at Hidden Valley Park, 21211 N.W. Valley View Road, Blue Springs. More than 140 Sam's Club associates from Missouri and Kansas will be volunteering their time to raise money for the Veterans Community Project. Their goal is to raise $15,000 to sponsor one of 50 tiny houses in the Veterans Village, which will be located at 1201 E. 89th St., Kansas City. Through Volunteerism Always Pays, a program sponsored by the Walmart Foundation. Co-Founder Kevin Jamison will be on site with a model of a “Tiny House.” Sam's Club associates will form several teams along with the veterans in a friendly day of softball. The winner will receive a tournament trophy, but the true winners will be the Veterans. Visit www.veteranscommunityproject.org to learn more about the cause and to donate.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Subscribe Yellow Pages Vacation Hold Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Find Independence jobs Cars Real Estate FindNSave Boats Magazine Online Submissions Engagements Weddings Births Anniversaries Sister Publication Boonville Daily News Linn County Leader Lake Sun Leader Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune The Examiner Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Entertainmentlife Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Examiner ~ 410 S. Liberty, Independence, MO 64050 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World News Columnists Reader Submitted My Legislators Shareable Databases Sports High School Mavericks Sports Columnists Sports Calendar Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Milestones Storytellers Engagements Weddings Home & Garden Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Legislators Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber My Profile Subscribe E-Edition Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications SUBSCRIBE TODAY Choose the plan that’s right for you. Digital access or digital and print delivery. Learn More
null
Home News News Obituaries Garage Sales Sports Stocks Weather Schedule Staff Events/Contests Contact WLDY-WJBL The Dice Like Us On Facebook! Like Us On Facebook! Click for weather forecast « Wisconsin Sports 6-9 Garage Sale (June 22nd – June 24th) » Rusk County News WLDY-WJBL NEWS 6-9-17 According to the Ladysmith Police log, late Monday afternoon, Ladysmith Officers were dispatched to the front of the department in reference to a Domestic dispute between Tiffany L. Allard, 27 and a 38 year old female. After an investigation into the matter, Allard was arrested for Domestic-Disorderly Conduct. Wednesday morning at 3 AM, while assisting Rusk County on a Domestic Complaint, a City Officer was advised to look for a Ford Explorer Blue in color with a Tan Hatch on the rear of the vehicle. The Officer came across the vehicle that matched that description driving South bound on Highway 27 in the City of Ladysmith. The Officer conducted a traffic stop of the vehicle because it was believed that the driver was the suspect in a domestic incident. The driver was identified as Shaurice Roby, 24. Roby was arrested for the Domestic incident and that Roby’s driving status was suspended. A citation was issued to Roby for operating a motor vehicle after suspension. The Ladysmith Fire Department had a busy Thursday morning. At about 7;30 AM, Rusk County dispatch received a 911 call from Rose Weber reporting that her house was full of smoke located on Highway 27 in the Willow Lane Trailer Park. According to the report, she didn’t see any flames. The smoke was caused by the surge protector hooked to the air conditioner shorted out and caught on fire. Firemen were on the scene a short time. A second fire call came in at about 8:40 AM Thursday. According to the report, Lisa Sutten advised that she had a fire in her kitchen in an upstairs apartment on Pederson Avenue, Ladysmith. She reported that the fire was out but there is still a lot of smoke. This was a small stove fire and the cause was grease on the stove. Firemen were at the scene for a short time. Rusk County dispatch received a 911 call at about 9:45 AM Thursday from a male subject advising he was just in a car accident. The caller advised that someone ran into the back of his vehicle on Highway 27 North of Ladysmith. The Rusk County Sheriff’s Office, Ladysmith Fire Department, the Ladysmith ambulance and Wisconsin State Patrol responded to the scene. No injuries were reported which was a minor accident. Thursday night at about 11:30, the Rusk County Sheriff’s Office received a call reporting that the neighbors to the North of their residence on County Line Road, Chetek, are drunk and screaming at people and revving up their vehicle engines. A Rusk County deputy responded to the scene and after an investigation, a female subject was taken into custody and transported to the Rusk County jail. Ladysmith Police received a call Thursday from a female subject who reported that Andrew C. Dvorak, 18, had come into Team Verizon and attempted to purchase a tablet with a forged check that belonged to his Father. The caller was not able to get the check from Andrew due to him leaving in a hurry. The City Officer contacted the Father who was not sure how many checks Andrew may have. A Rusk County deputy assisted with the investigation due to Andrew living out side of the City Limits. Andrew was later arrested and booked into the Rusk County jail for Forgery and Theft. At 7:25 PM Thursday, while on patrol, a City Officer observed Tylar M. Swanson, 19, coming out of the local Walmart and believed he had an active Ladysmith Municipal Warrant. During the traffic stop with Swanson, he was arrested on the two active warrants. Swanson was then transported to the Rusk County jail. MADISON – Governor Scott Walker asked the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to declare Barron and Rusk counties a disaster area due to damages caused by last month’s EF 3 tornado. The SBA declaration would provide low-interest federal loans to homeowners, renters and businesses that suffered damage. “We know the victims are trying to rebuild their homes and businesses that were damaged or destroyed by the tornado,” Governor Walker said. “The SBA declaration would be another program available to help them recover with low-interest loans.”  One person was killed and 25 people were injured when the EF 3 tornado hit on May 16, 2017. The tornado traveled 83 miles in four Wisconsin counties. Hardest hit areas were in Barron and Rusk counties. This week, the SBA verified 59 homes and businesses were destroyed or heavily damaged in the tornado. If Barron and Rusk counties are declared a disaster area, the contiguous counties of Burnett, Chippewa, Dunn, Polk, Price, Sawyer, St. Croix, Taylor and Washburn would also be part of the declaration. SBA offers home and personal property loans, business physical disaster loans, and economic injury disaster loans. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related WLDY-WJBL NEWS Garage Sale (June 22nd – June 24th) June 9, 2017 Garage Sale located at N3155 S Parker Road in Ladysmith. Thursday, June 22nd – Saturday, June 24th (9:00am-5:00pm) Items Include: Clothes, Furniture, Electronics, Kitchen Gadgets, Household Items, and a lot more!   Rusk County News June 9, 2017 WLDY-WJBL NEWS 6-9-17 According to the Ladysmith Police log, late Monday afternoon, Ladysmith Officers were dispatched to the front of the department in reference to a Domestic dispute between Tiffany L. Allard, 27 and a 38 year old female. After an investigation into the matter, Allard was arrested for Domestic-Disorderly Conduct. Wednesday morning at 3 […] Search WLDY-WJBL Translate ABC SPORTS Tiger Woods told officers during arrest he had taken Xanax June 10, 2017 Tiger Woods told officers during his DUI arrest last month that he had taken Xanax, as well as other prescription medications Tiger Woods' DUI arrest: Complete coverage June 10, 2017 Tiger Woods was arrested on a charge of driving under the influence near his home in Jupiter, Florida, on May 29. His arraignment in Palm Beach County court is scheduled for July 5. Analysis: Woods arrested on Memorial Day The 14-time major champion released a statement saying alcohol was not a factor in his arrest, […] Oregon State pitcher Luke Heimlich identified as registered sex offender June 10, 2017 Oregon State ace pitcher Luke Heimlich, on the eve of the start of the NCAA baseball tournament super regionals, has been identified as a registered sex offender by The Oregonian. According to the paper, Heimlich, 21, had to register as a sex offender after arriving at the university, stemming from a guilty plea in 2012, when […] ABC NEWS Top Republican trio urges Trump to act on Russia June 10, 2017 The group is known for its willingness to criticize the president on occasion. WATCH: Woman texting plunges 6 feet down into a cellar June 10, 2017 Plus, Lupin birth control pills recalled after mix-up that may have led to unwanted pregnancy; 3-year-old helps brother escape from crib. London Bridge attacker tried to rent larger truck June 10, 2017 The carnage of the London Bridge attack could have been worse: One of the attackers tried to rent a larger truck that could have killed more people, but his payment was declined Recent Posts Garage Sales News Obituaries Sports Contact | Staff | News Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved. Hosted by Meggahosting and WordPress Theme created by Bill.
Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Public Lands Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Recipes Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Beards Subscribe Record Book Sweat a Lot? This Industrial Deodorant is for You GROOMING Sweat a Lot? This Industrial Deodorant is for You Credit: Getty Images by Perri O. Blumberg More News 11 Subscription Boxes that Make a Perfect Last-Minute Father's Day Gift The Last Robe You'll Ever Need From Workout to Hangout, Gym Shorts that Do It All Want Whiter Teeth? A Two-Minute Trick That Actually Works 3 Perfect Backpacks for Your Camera All Stories Axe can be obnoxious. The ads, for one. The headache-inducing smell from its many wearers who layer it on, for another. And those commercials .... But we found one serious virtue when we gave its new line, Axe You, a try. It is one of the most effective sweat-stoppers out there.  The 2017 launch currently includes a body wash, fragrance, deodorant, and antiperspirant. Out of the whole lineup, we’re partial to the YOU deodorant ($5 at Walgreens), which has masculine notes of amber and vetiver with hints of cinnamon, black basil, and invigorating coriander leaves. It’ll give you solid odor protection for 24 hours, and when you’re sweating like mad in the dog days of summer heat, you’ll be damn glad you bought it. And hey, that sleek black packaging doesn’t hurt. If serious sweating is an issue, also consider the AXE YOU antiperspirant (below, $5 at Walgreens), which has the same spicy aroma but gives you a 24-hour wetness shield on top of fighting funky odor. Worth noting: The fragrance here is signature Axe-style strength (read: prominent) so if you prefer a milder scent to swipe under your arms, try one of these natural deodorants that safely keep the funk away. More News 11 Subscription Boxes that Make a Perfect Last-Minute Father's Day Gift The Last Robe You'll Ever Need From Workout to Hangout, Gym Shorts that Do It All Want Whiter Teeth? A Two-Minute Trick That Actually Works 3 Perfect Backpacks for Your Camera All Stories Topics: Grooming e-comm Want More? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest adventures, workouts, destinations, and more. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Men's Journal and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? The Art of Cured Cannabis: Can Pot Be Aged... 1 The 23-Ingredient Ice Cube 2 Behind the Wheel of Volkswagen's Big Bet: The... 3 Do Mean Dads Raise Better Kids? 4 How to Shave Your Own Head 5 How I, An Average Runner, Scored an... 6 Sweat a Lot? This Industrial Deodorant is for... 7 The 7 Best Books of June 8 © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
News Sports Business Food 76° Full Menu 76° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us “Ricky” on the left; Richard Jones on the right. Kansas Department of Corrections “Ricky” on the left; Richard Jones on the right. Kansas Department of Corrections Crime June 09, 2017 10:49 AM After finding his doppelganger, Kansas City man is freed from prison By Tony Rizzo trizzo@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story In prison for a crime he adamantly denied committing, Richard Anthony Jones repeatedly heard from others that there was another prisoner who looked just like him. Not only were they doppelgangers, but Jones was told that he and the other man shared the same first name. Jones never ran across the man, but the lawyers he passed the information on to began digging into his case and came to the conclusion that Jones was indeed an innocent man. On Wednesday, they made their case to a Johnson County judge, and on Thursday Jones walked free after serving nearly 17 years in prison for a 1999 robbery in Roeland Park. Not only did he bear an uncanny resemblance to the other man with the same first name, but his lawyers uncovered the fact that the other man lived near the area of where the crime occurred, while Jones lived across the state line in Kansas City. At Wednesday’s hearing in Johnson County District Court, witnesses, including the robbery victim, testified that looking at pictures of the two men together, they could no longer say if Jones was the perpetrator. Based on their testimony and the new evidence, Johnson County District Judge Kevin Moriarty ordered Jones’ release. While stopping short of saying that the other man committed the crime, the judge found that based on the new evidence, no reasonable juror would have convicted Jones. The other man also testified at Wednesday’s hearing and denied that he was the one who committed the robbery. “We were floored by how much they looked alike,” Jones’ attorney Alice Craig said about seeing his picture alongside the picture of the other man known as “Ricky.” Jones’ freedom came about two years after he contacted the Midwest Innocence Project and the Paul E. Wilson Defender Project at the University of Kansas where Craig works. Their ensuing investigation turned up evidence that the other man lived in Kansas City, Kan., near where the suspect in the robbery was picked up at a drug house and taken to the Walmart in Roeland Park where the robbery was committed. There was no DNA, fingerprint or any other kind of physical evidence that linked Jones to the crime. It was only the testimony of eyewitnesses that prosecutors used to get the conviction against Jones. And eyewitness identification is widely recognized in legal circles as being unreliable. Jones became the focus of the investigation after his picture was picked out of a police database three months after the crime by a man who was admittedly on drugs during his only encounter with Jones, according to court documents filed by the defense. The lineup of photos subsequently shown to the victim and other witnesses was “highly suggestive,” his lawyers argued. The picture of Jones was the only one of the six photographs in the lineup that resembled the description of the robbery suspect, they maintained. At trial, Jones presented an alibi defense that he was with his girlfriend and other family members in Kansas City on the day of the robbery. But the victim and another witness identified him as the robber and the jury found him guilty of aggravated robbery. He was sentenced to more than 19 years in prison. He unsuccessfully appealed the conviction and sentence. But after the innocence project attorneys showed the the pictures of the two men to the victim, two witnesses and the prosecutor in Jones’ case, all four said they could not tell the two men apart. Last December, Craig filed the legal action that led to his release Thursday. “Richard Jones has presented sufficient evidence to meet the under of manifest injustice (under Kansas law),” his attorneys said in their motion seeking his release. “Mr. Jones was convicted solely on eyewitness testimony that has been proven to be inherently flawed and unreliable.” Craig said that during his incarceration, Jones was understandably bitter and angry about being in prison for a crime he didn’t commit, but when he saw the picture of the other man, he understood how easily the witnesses could have been mistaken. “Everybody has a doppelganger,” Craig said. “Luckily we found his.” A GoFundMe page has been set up to help Jones as he adjusts to freedom. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:19 Chitty Chitty Bang Bang car stolen from Kansas City theater company Pause 1:39 Updated June 7, 2017-Kansas City's most wanted fugitives 1:09 Watch robbery suspect strike cashier in face with handgun 1:40 Tips to safeguard your home from burglars 0:30 Sledgehammer-wielding thieves rob Louisburg, Kan., convenience store 3:00 Despite homicides, not everyone is fearful of Kansas City trails 1:02 Raw video: Fatal shooting on 63rd leaves one dead, two critically wounded 0:50 GoFundMe project follows road rage shooting that left expectant father dead 3:29 Who are Kansas City's serial killers? 1:21 Residents concerned, fearful after discovery of body off Trolley Track Trail Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Updated June 7, 2017-Kansas City's most wanted fugitives From Crimes Stoppers of Greater Kansas City-Kansas City's most wanted fugitives. Chris Ochsner and David Pulliam The Kansas City Star Tony Rizzo: 816-234-4435, @trizzkc 1 of 2 Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:19 Chitty Chitty Bang Bang car stolen from Kansas City theater company Pause 1:39 Updated June 7, 2017-Kansas City's most wanted fugitives 1:09 Watch robbery suspect strike cashier in face with handgun 1:40 Tips to safeguard your home from burglars 0:30 Sledgehammer-wielding thieves rob Louisburg, Kan., convenience store 3:00 Despite homicides, not everyone is fearful of Kansas City trails 1:02 Raw video: Fatal shooting on 63rd leaves one dead, two critically wounded 0:50 GoFundMe project follows road rage shooting that left expectant father dead 3:29 Who are Kansas City's serial killers? 1:21 Residents concerned, fearful after discovery of body off Trolley Track Trail Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago Chitty Chitty Bang Bang car stolen from Kansas City theater company 1:19 4 hours ago Chitty Chitty Bang Bang car stolen from Kansas City theater company 1:39 13 hours ago Updated June 7, 2017-Kansas City's most wanted fugitives 1:09 a day ago Watch robbery suspect strike cashier in face with handgun View More Video Crime Replica ‘Chitty Chitty Bang Bang’ car stolen from theater supply company Widow of Austins shooting victim says hate crime charges brought ‘relief in my heart’ Police investigating aggravated assault near UMKC campus Adam Purinton, alleged shooter at Austins Bar in Olathe, charged with hate crimes Jackson County jury convicts Kansas City man in 2015 shooting death of woman Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Menu Bossip Search Home Celebrities Actors Actresses Musicians Athletes Socialite Model Politician Personality Reality Star WAG Kids Nick Cannon Dave Chappelle Taye Diggs Idris Elba Cuba Gooding Jr. Jamie Foxx Kevin Hart Steve Harvey Terrence Howard Tracy Morgan Eddie Murphy Chris Rock Columbus Short Jaden Smith Will Smith Denzel Washington Jesse Williams Bill Cosby Omari Hardwick Tyrese Angela Bassett Halle Berry Stacey Dash Viola Davis Vivica Fox Meagan Good Taraji P. Henson Zoe Kravitz Sanaa Lathan Lauren London Nia Long Lupita Nyong’o Gwyneth Paltrow Lisa Raye Zoe Saldana Gabourey Sidibe Jada Pinkett-Smith Gabrielle Union Lark Voorhies Kerry Washington Carmelo Anthony Charles Barkley Kobe Bryant Kevin Durant Boobie Gibson Dwight Howard Lebron James Bruce Jenner Brandon Jennings Magic Johnson Michael Jordan Floyd Mayweather, Jr. Lamar Odom Michael Strahan Mike Tyson Dwyane Wade Serena Williams Tiger Woods Nick Young Michael Jordan Beyonce Iggy Azalea Justin Bieber Mariah Carey Keyshia Cole Drake Jay-Z K. Michelle Kendrick Lamar Ludacris Meek Mill Nicki Minaj Nas Rihanna Rick Ross Solange Teyana Taylor Usher Kanye West Wiz Khalifa Blac Chyna Brittny Gastineau Paris Hilton Miss Jackson Paris Jackson Kylie Jenner EJ Johnson Kim Kardashian Kourtney Kardashian Rob Kardashian Khloe Kardashian Odom Nicole Richie Rachel Roy Vera Sidika Angela Simmons Cynthia Bailey Tyra Banks Naomi Campbell Selita Ebanks Melyssa Ford Vida Guerra Iman Chanel Iman Kendall Jenner Tahiry Jose Heidi Klum Bria Murphy Shayne Murphy Eva Pigford Kimora Lee Simmons Chrissy Teigen Tyson Kate Upton Herman Cain Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton Bill De Blasio Rob Ford Eric Holder Bill Maher Nelson Mandela Barack Obama Michelle Obama Condoleeza Rice Condoleezza Rice Amber Rose Aziz Ansari Rocsi Diaz Kris Jenner Suge Knight Mathew Knowles Tina Knowles Bobbi Kristina Spike Lee Don Lemon Bishop Eddie Long Oprah Al Sharpton Karrine Steffans Donald Sterling The Breakfast Club Wendy Williams Bill Maher Kris Jenner Lala Vazquez Mimi Faust Gloria Govan Laura Govan Shaniece Hairston Joseline Hernandez Nene Leakes Evelyn Lozada Draya Michele Apollo Nida Phaedra Parks Karlie Redd Porsha Williams Toya Wright Kim Zolciak Claudia Jordan EJ Johnson Erica Mena Evelyn Lozada Kenya Moore Khloe Kardashian-Odom Jessica Canseco Jackie Christie Coco Tracey Edmonds Eniko Tameka Foster Torrei Hart Karrueche Shamicka Lawrence Tonya Lewis Lee Grace Miguel Nicole Murphy Elin Nordegren Shaunie O’Neal Jada Paul Larsa Pippen Kim Porter Grace Bush Blue Ivy Carter Lil Terrio Terrio North West News Viral Videos We See You Sports Bolitics SMH Jesus Take The Wheel What the Hell??? Exclusives Videos Tips newsletter facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube rss WATCH MORE WATCH MORE Florida Crazies: Teen Father-To-Be Tries To Suffocate Girlfriend During Fight Over Baby’s Name 15 hours ago - By Bossip Staff View Comments SMS Image via Getty/Sven Meier/Laurent Hamels Teen Father-To-Be Charged With Suffocating Pregnant Girlfriend Just another day in janky-a$$ Florida. Today, we have a story out of Fort Myers (home of Plies), about a violent 18-year-old father-to-be. Raul Lopez was arrested and charged with aggravated battery on a pregnant woman and domestic battery by strangulation after a fight with his girlfriend over what they would name their baby according to NBC-2. While shopping at local Walmart, the couple began to beef over names and things got WAY out of control. Raul wants a “Jr.”, but his lady isn’t with the s#its. Raul’s pregnant bae locked herself in a room and Raul broke into the room by unscrewing the door knob and pushing the door open. He then began to suffocate her by covering her nose and mouth, upon losing consciousness, Raul threw the girl on the bed by her hair. No reported injuries to the baby, no word on the mother. Sounds like Raul is gonna be a GREAT dad….. Categories: Arrests, Baby Mama Drama, Florida Crazies SMS More Stories From Bossip Comments blog comments powered by Disqus Get the Bossip newsletter Trending On Social Larsa Pippen Allegedly Begging Kourtney Kardashian For Gas Money After Scottie Seizes Accounts Becky On Becky Crime: Tay-Tay & Katy’s Mayo-Splattered Beef Took A Deliciously PETTY New Turn BYE MUSTY! Filth Crusted Rapper XXXTentacion Got Punched To Pluto & Twitter Exploded Ice Cube Says Bill Maher’s N-Word May Have Something to do with... Bill Maher Apologizes for N-Word … ‘Comedians are a Special... Tiger Woods Told Cops He Popped Xanax Night of DUI Jay Z Is a Long, Long Way from Pregnant Beyonce Kristin Chenoweth Says Enes Kanter Should Be U.S. Citizen Celebrities Kanye West Kim Kardashian Beyonce Rihanna Jay-Z News We See You Sports Bolitics SMH Jesus Take The Wheel What the Hell??? Exclusives We Broke It Here First! Editorials Dear Bossip Quizzes Slideshows Videos Exclusives Crazy Videos Music Videos Celebrity Interviews Entertainment Photos Instagram For Your Viewing Pleasure Bangers Twitpic What is Wrong With This Picture Info About Advertising Contact Tips facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Bossip Mobile App Archives Categories Privacy Policy Terms Bossip Glossary Bossip ® Copyright © 2017 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved | BHM Digital. | × Search Keywords: Topic Results Load More
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why the Bears Might Be Right About Macy's Stock Don’t be fooled by Macy’s low valuation and high dividend -- this stock is stuck in a downward spiral. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Jun 9, 2017 at 11:00AM Shares of Macy's (NYSE:M) recently plunged after the department store chain missed first-quarter estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Revenue fell 7.5% annually to $5.34 billion, missing estimates by $130 million. Comparable-store sales fell 4.6%, well below the consensus forecast for a 2.7% decline. Its earnings plunged 40% to $0.24 per share, missing expectations by $0.10. Those awful headline numbers explain why Macy's stock fell nearly 40% this year. Yet some investors believe that Macy's is now a compelling value play at 12 times earnings, while its forward yield of 6.3% is more than triple the S&P 500's current yield of 2%. But before you buy Macy's as a contrarian play, you should understand why the bears might be right about this ailing department store chain. Image source: Macy's. Nine straight quarters of revenue declines Macy's revenue has fallen year over year for nine straight quarters. That drop is also accelerating, with its 7.5% slip last quarter marking its biggest to date. Macy's blames that slowdown on the usual headwinds: slower foot traffic in malls and brick-and-mortar stores, tough competition from e-commerce retailers, fickle consumers, and the "overretailed" state of the U.S. market. However, Macy's brick-and-mortar footprint is also clearly overextended (based on its comps declines), its stores are too big to generate streamlined and focused growth, and multiple reports reveal neglected and disorganized stores that resemble discount retailers instead of high-end department stores. That's why analysts expect Macy's revenue to fall 4% this year. Rising inventories, plunging profits These problems cause inventories -- which rose 4% sequentially but fell 2% annually last quarter -- to remain at uncomfortably high levels. In a bid to clear out that inventory, Macy's employs big discounts, both through its namesake chain and Bloomingdale's. Yet that strategy isn't boosting its top-line growth, and it's utterly wrecked its year-over-year earnings growth: Quarter Q1 2016 Q2 2016 Q3 2016 Q4 2016 Q1 2017 Year-over-year EPS growth* (28.6%) (15.6%) (69.6%) (3.3%) (40%) Data source: Macy's quarterly reports. EPS = earnings per share. *Excludes non-cash settlement charges from retirement plans. Wall Street expects Macy's adjusted earnings to rise 6% this year, but that boost relies heavily on its anticipated fourth quarter sale of its Union Square Men's building in San Francisco, premiums from debt repurchases, and other one-time gains. Excluding those gains, Macy anticipates a 7% decrease to 1% growth in earnings for the full year. It's following Sears Holdings' doomed path Speaking of its sale of the Union Square building, much of Macy's turnaround plan involves selling off its valuable real estate and leasing it back. It booked $68 million in gains with that strategy last quarter. Macy's Union Square store. Image source: Macy's. Activist investor Starboard Value previously encouraged Macy's to spin off its real estate operations as a separate business. Starboard sold off its entire stake in Macy's earlier this year, but there are still rumors that the company could follow through with that idea. Unfortunately, we've seen Sears Holdings (NASDAQ:SHLD) do the same thing before. Sears spun off its real estate business as Seritage Growth Properties (NYSE:SRG) back in 2015. That IPO gave Sears a brief bottom-line boost, but it didn't halt the retailer's downward spiral. If Macy's does the same thing, it could end up putting its most valuable assets in a separate company while allowing its retail operations to go down in flames. Its inability to counter Amazon Macy's reported that its digital revenue grew by "double digits" last quarter. Unfortunately, that growth clearly couldn't offset its top- and bottom-line declines. That's because its e-commerce strategy simply can't counter digital heavyweights like Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) yet. Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), for example, made sweeping changes to fight Amazon. It matched Amazon's prices, added new features to its mobile app, announced free shipping plans, promoted in-store and curbside pickups, turned its retail locations into "fulfillment centers," and even asked employees to deliver packages on the way home. But even with all those initiatives, Wal-Mart continues to struggle to match Amazon's torrid growth. Macy's has made much less progress on that front than Wal-Mart. It offers discounts on in-store pickups, but it hasn't aggressively challenged Amazon in additional ways. Macy's is cheap for a reason Macy's is fundamentally cheap, but that discount is justified. The company's only real path forward is to close stores to cut costs and inject more capital into e-commerce efforts, but that echoes the strategy of dozens of legacy retailers that face the same headwinds. Unless Macy's gets more aggressive with its turnaround plans, it could fall into the same trap as Sears Holdings -- shuttering stores and monetizing its real estate to prop up earnings as its core business crumbles. If that's Macy's future, then the stock could still have plenty of room to fall. Leo Sun owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Jun 9, 2017 at 11:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $978.31 down $-31.96 (-3.16%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $79.42 up $0.49 (0.62%) Sears Holdings NASDAQ:SHLD $7.06 up $0.16 (2.32%) Macy's NYSE:M $22.70 up $0.93 (4.27%) Seritage Growth Properties (Class A) NYSE:SRG $41.44 up $0.45 (1.10%) Read More What Happened in the Stock Market Today Why Did Macy's, Inc. Shares Lose 11% in March? Macy's Reaps a Windfall From Its Real Estate Sorry, Macy's, T.J. Maxx Isn't What's Killing You -- This Is Instant Analysis: Tailored Brands and Macy's Part Ways Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why the Bears Might Be Right About Macy's Stock @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $SHLD, $M, $SRG
null
Drones likely to transform, not replace, jobs: tech expert | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Opioids Grey death Sick leave Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada Canada150 World Politics Sci-Tech Health Entertainment Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin Sports The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Drones likely to transform, not replace, jobs: tech expert Meredith MacLeod, CTVNews.ca Published Friday, June 9, 2017 10:02AM EDT Drones are planting trees, helping paramedics in crises and herding cattle, all while the world’s biggest retailers are racing to develop air traffic control systems that will satisfy regulators. There is no doubt we’re on the cusp of the “next industrial revolution” of drones and robots, says Toronto-based technology expert Avery Swartz. It’s unclear exactly what the impact will be on jobs, she says, although many economists and analysts predict drones will transform jobs, rather than replace them outright. “Think about this as not being a complete threat to your livelihood,” Swartz told CTV’s Your Morning Friday. For instance, Seattle-based DroneSeed is working with forestry companies to plant trees in deforested areas of the Pacific northwest. There are more than 300 million acres of deforestation in U.S. and, at current planting costs, it would cost about US $100 billion to replant them. A good human tree planter – a common summer job for many young Canadians – can plant about two acres or 800 trees in a day. But that one person handling 15 drones can plant 800 seeds an hour. There is a project underway in Atlantic Canada with more than 120 paramedics and training paramedics using drones to survey simulated mass casualty situations and to deploy human help faster and more efficiently. Other research is underway in Canada to use drones to herd cows and to improve the yield of potato crops in New Brunswick. “There a lot of really interesting, useful applications for drones.” But of course, the largest commercial push for drones is to overcome the high cost and inefficiency of the so-called “last mile” of delivery to a consumer’s door. That’s especially applicable in Canada, with a highly distributed population and huge swaths of remote areas, says Swartz. China’s biggest retailer, JD.com, has announced plans to develop drones that can carry up to a ton of payload. The company says the drones will deliver consumer goods to remote areas and farm produce to cities. Google parent company Alphabet, Amazon and Walmart are all invested in drone development, too. “Big players all playing in this space,” Swartz said. What is dragging behind is the development of air traffic control systems that will safely manage the drones and prevent collisions with buildings, trees, other drones and aircraft. Right now, aviation authorities only allow commercial drone flights for experimental reasons. Swartz says the major players are working on using sophisticated software to guide drones and developing artificial intelligence to teach drones to change course mid-flight depending on conditions. Amazon, for instance, is now testing drone delivery in England and opening a research facility near Paris to develop an air traffic control system. Government agencies in the United States and the United Kingdom also have projects underway to develop such systems and NASA is testing one in co-operation with the Federal Aviation Administration, with the goal of releasing it in 2019. Related Stories On Canada's new military drones, forget Hollywood's take, Vance urges Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future Chinese online retailer developing one-ton delivery drones Photos In this Feb. 13, 2014 file photo, a drone is demonstrated in Brigham City, Utah. (AP / Rick Bowmer) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Friday, June 9, 2017 Air Date: June 9, 2017 false CTV National News: Rapping cop goes viral Air Date: June 9, 2017 false Extended: Seinfeld turns down hug from Kesha Air Date: June 9, 2017 false York region cop drops freestyle rap, stuns crowd Air Date: June 9, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump's counter punch Air Date: June 9, 2017 false CTV National News: Disturbing video from Texas Air Date: June 9, 2017 false CTV National News: Canada's Baltic mission Air Date: June 9, 2017 false CTV National News: Stunning setback in U.K. Air Date: June 9, 2017 false CTV Atlantic: The dark side of competition Air Date: June 9, 2017 false CTV National News: Job report beats expectations Air Date: June 9, 2017 false Infestation of cankerworm in Mississauga Air Date: June 8, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Trump's approval rating slips Air Date: June 9, 2017 More News from Canada Drug users in Winnipeg warned about 'drop dead' and 'grey death' Alberta dad accused of sexually abusing daughters several times over 6 years Bad weather may be factor in Alberta crash that killed teen, injured 3 No winning ticket for $15M jackpot in Friday's Lotto Max draw Canadian ships dispatched to rescue storm-battered racing yachts 13 inmates cause $100K damage in what province calls 'disturbance' Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Trump critical of Comey testimony, offers to give his own false Political uncertainty in U.K. as PM suffers election setback false Show of force: Canada to lead NATO battle group in Latvia false Canada sending help for distress sailors in mid-Atlantic CTV National News for June 9: Election shock in U.K. Most Popular Stories 1 Drug users in Winnipeg warned about 'drop dead' and 'grey death' 1 2 Ending sick note requirements best for healthcare system, says doctor 1 3 Woman distracted by phone falls over basement access doors 1 4 Quebec woman who stopped on highway for ducks, causing fatal crash, loses appeal 5 'Bad looking bikers' rush to police officer's defence 6 Canada-wide recall for iogo yogurt products over possible pieces of plastic 1 7 Canadian ships dispatched to rescue storm-battered racing yachts 2 8 Woman accusing Toronto cops of sexually assaulting her denies she lied about it 1 9 Tax Freedom Day is finally here, think-tank says 1 10 Alberta dad accused of sexually abusing daughters several times over 6 years Don't Miss false Beating the rap: Toronto-area cop surprises with freestyle false 'No thanks': Jerry Seinfeld turns down hug from Kesha false Sustainival: World's first 'green' carnival in Edmonton CANADA Drug users in Winnipeg warned about 'drop dead' and 'grey death' Alberta dad accused of sexually abusing daughters several times over 6 years Bad weather may be factor in Alberta crash that killed teen, injured 3 WORLD Texas sheriff's deputy, husband accused of murder leave jail Canadian arrested in New Zealand after meth found in candles: authorities Germany's Merkel talks trade, human rights in Mexico ENTERTAINMENT Glenne Headly, star of 'Dirty Rotten Scoundrels,' dead at 62 Polanski's victim pleads to end case: 'He owes me nothing' Jerry Seinfeld explains Kesha hug snub HEALTH Man's best friend helps seniors get active Ending sick note requirements best for healthcare system, says doctor Could sleeping in on the weekends be bad for you? POLITICS MP argues -- in Cree -- for indigenous languages in Parliament U.S. treasury secretary seeks to ease business, trade concerns in Ottawa visit Five things about Canada's rollout of a new foreign policy this week SCI-TECH Drones likely to transform, not replace, jobs: tech expert Bald eagle chooses to adopt -- not eat -- baby hawk Second ingredient for life found in young star system BUSINESS Labour market crushes expectations with surprise surge of 77,000 full-time jobs Coal mine fined $4.5M for 2013 spill that contaminated Alberta river system Greek anti-austerity protesters pelt police with fish AUTOS 'Bad looking bikers' rush to police officer's defence Audi expecting an electric reception for the latest A8 Nissan's X-Trail goes semi-autonomous SPORTS LeBron, Cavs end Warriors perfect post-season run in Game 4 Mariners rally past Blue Jays 4-2 for 10th win in 12 games MLB scores: Rockies top Cubs 5-3 Lifestyle Boy born without arms beats odds to become swimming champ 'World's first green carnival' powered entirely by renewable energy comes to Edmonton Power lunch with Warren Buffett? There's an auction for that CTV News on the Go false Hundreds of Canadian troops to lead NATO mission in Latvia Georges St-Pierre arms kids with anti-bullying message Houston-area sheriff’s deputy, husband charged with murder In Pictures   Drivers hit the race tracks in Montreal for the Grand Prix Inside Exercise Saber Strike 17 'One Love Manchester' concert raises money for terror victims Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Retail Search Search NSANSA Backtracks on Sharing Number of Americans Caught In Warrantless Spying Fortune 500Silicon Valley Isn’t The Only Out-Of-Touch Tech Bubble TelevisionNearly 20 Million Viewers Watched James Comey’s Senate Testimony TwitterTwitter Account of Journalist, Activist Hacked to Spread Fake News Fortune 500 The Death of Retail Is Greatly Exaggerated Phil Wahba Jun 09, 2017 It’s not even half over, and 2017 has already been a year for the record books for traditional retailers. Just not in the way they would like. National brands like J.C. Penney (jcp), Macy’s (m), and Sears (shld) kicked off the year by reporting awful holiday season results—and then announcing hundreds of store closings. Big names from Ralph Lauren (rl) to Staples (spls) followed suit, bringing the number of national chains’ store closings to a whopping 2,770 as of mid-May. Credit Suisse in April forecast that 2017 would see the highest number of closures since the Great Recession. Then there are the bank­ruptcies, including once-vibrant chains like the Limited, Payless ShoeSource, and RadioShack. As of early May, S&P Global Market Intelligence tallied a record 18 retail bankruptcies, al­ready matching the total for all of 2016. The carnage is on full display in the new Fortune 500 list: Household names like Macy’s, Sears, and Kohl’s all took tumbles down the list, as did other struggling chains like GameStop (gme) (falling 19 spots, to 321) and Dillard’s (dds) (which fell 37, to 417). Symptoms of an industry-wide meltdown? Well, not exactly. Retail industry spending in the first four months of the year rose 3.6% compared with the same period in 2016, according to Department of Commerce data. The National Retail Federation expects that growth to pick up even more this year, thanks to low unemployment and a strong stock market. But the way consumers spend has changed, perhaps irrevocably. And for stores that can’t adapt, there’s likely to be more pain ahead. Nicolas Rapp  One of the biggest problems is shoppers’ discount addiction. The rise of Amazon (amzn) and of smartphones as shopping tools has pitted retailers against one another in a never-ending price war and put unbearable pressure on the least capable outlets. The shift online has also meant less need for America’s sprawling malls and megastores. The U.S. has almost twice the retail square footage per capita of Europe, creating unsustainable oceans of store space. Just as bad? Many retailers’ supply chains are out of date, leaving them unable to keep up with consumers’ fast-changing and localized tastes. A closer look at the chaos, however, will show that the companies hurting worst have a lot in common: A disproportionate amount of the suffering has afflicted apparel chains and department stores, many of which are selling undifferentiated products (basic T-shirts and jeans for everyone!). Chains that were scooped up during the recession by private equity firms, and loaded with crippling debt loads, were also hard hit. (Looking at you, Neiman Marcus.) It’s difficult for these companies to pay interest expenses, let alone invest in e-commerce or improve their stores. But despite the dour headlines, some retailers are doing quite well—Walmart, Home Depot (hd), Costco (cost), T.J. Maxx (tjx), and Best Buy (bby) among them. These companies have evolved with consumers, remaking their stores, while creating robust e-commerce platforms. Walmart (wmt), for instance, offers discounts on online orders if they’re picked up in-store—encouraging “add-on” shopping. And Best Buy is reinventing itself as a place to get expert advice on smart homes and more sophisticated services. Make no mistake, many large national chains face grim futures. But look beyond clothing chains and department stores and you’ll see a pretty healthy industry. What seems like a retail-pocalypse is really a shift in where and how consumers shop. “Retail has gone through periods of creative destruction before,” says Joel Bines, a managing director at consulting firm AlixPartners. In the end, the companies left standing may emerge stronger than ever. A version of this article appears in the June 15, 2017 issue of Fortune. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Hundreds pack hearing on Massachusetts immigration bill More Headlines Ivanka Trump urged to help 3 Chinese detainees Mt. Abram High School graduates 66 More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Messalonskee girls lacrosse advances to regional final More Headlines Richmond baseball covers all the bases against Greenville Gardiner boys lacrosse ousts Oak Hill in Class B North semifinals More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Casino backers should get serious state scrutiny More Headlines Today’s editorial cartoon Trump should listen to Eisenhower More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Messalonskee High School top 10 graduates More Headlines MSSM graduates 33 students in class of 2017 Denney graduates from Hamilton College More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times through June 15 More Headlines ‘Dungeons and Dragons: Seafaring Traditions of Early Tattoo Art’ on view Opening Reception: ‘Rebirth’ opening set for June 9 More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate How to get great pressure-washing results More Headlines 6 Kennison St., Manchester ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   Business Posted Yesterday at 9:00 AM Updated June 9 increase font size Purchase of Backyard Farms in Madison seen as positive acquisition Mastronardi Produce Ltd., of Ontario, said the company will keep the greenhouses running without interruption, and Madison town manger said there won't be any layoffs. By Madeline St. AmourStaff Writer Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-861-9239 Share Comment Read Article A Backyard Farms employee works in January 2014 in one of the greenhouses at the Madison facility. The Madison tomato grower has been purchased by a Canadian produce company. Staff file photo by David Leaming Landmark tomato-grower Backyard Farms in Madison has been sold to a Canadian produce company in a deal that officials said would keep greenhouse operations running without interruption or layoffs. Mastronardi Produce Ltd., of Kingsville, Ontario, announced the purchase Friday in a joint news release with Backyard Farms, which was founded a decade ago and operates two greenhouses on 42 acres at 131 River Road in Madison. Backyard Farms workers in Madison pack tomatoes for shipping in January 2014. The Madison tomato grower has been purchased by a Canadian produce company. Staff file photo by David Leaming Madison tomato grower Backyard Farms has been purchased by a Canadian produce company. Staff file photo by Michael G. Seamans Mastronardi Produce, which packs its specialty and commodity non-GMO greenhouse produce under the SUNSET brand, said its acquisition of Backyard Farms will increase its internal greenhouse network to six locations across North America and will boost the combined company’s headcount to about 3,000 employees. The company is not releasing the purchase price of Backyard Farms, according to Paul Mastronardi, president and CEO of Mastronardi Produce. According to Mastronardi, the company has been following the trajectory of Backyard Farms for the past few years and decided to buy the Madison business because it is “well-regarded brand in the industry with great people and superior quality.” Jim McConnon, an extension specialist and professor of economics at the University of Maine at Orono, said these kinds of deals are standards across all industries, and that the buy could be a catalyst for further growth at Madison’s largest employer. “In this particular market area, you have a company, Mastronardi … serving the Canadian market, and I’m sure looking at an opportunity to penetrate and do business and expand their business into the U.S. market,” McConnon said in an interview Friday. “They saw Backyard Farms as an outfit that, once acquired, would be able to help them even further growing their reach.” Backyard Farms is the largest commercial grower of year-round tomatoes in New England and produces 25 million to 30 million pounds of non-GMO tomatoes annually from about 600,000 plants, employing about 200 people. Madison Town Manager Tim Curtis said in an interview Friday that the acquisition is a good thing, and that Stuart Jablon, the company’s president, spoke positively of the merger. “The new owners are actually in this business of growing and marketing produce, while the older owners, (a branch of Fidelity Investments), were just on the financial side of things,” he said. The important thing for the town, Curtis said, is that there will be no layoffs or major changes to personnel, though he didn’t know whether Mastronardi plans to expand Backyard Farms. “It’s a good thing to stabilize the employment and then talk about how we can grow,” Curtis said. Madison gets about $450,000 in tax revenue from Backyard Farms, which has a credit enhancement agreement with the town as a tax incentive. While there won’t be any “immediate” changes in personnel, according to Mastronardi, one thing that attracted the large company to Backyard Farms is its labor force. “As a large and rapidly growing organization, Mastronardi has a lot of need for talent across its business, which is likely to create additional career and growth opportunities over time,” he said. “For those roles that may see some change, Mastronardi expects there may be opportunities within the broader organization.” The growing practices under Mastronardi Produce will also stay the same, according to Mastronardi, while giving more customers access to Backyard Farms’ tomatoes. The merger puts the company in a better position to serve the Northeast, according to the news release, where consumers demand locally grown, fresh produce. In the news release, Mastronardi said that the leading grower and distributor of greenhouse produce in North America has “long been impressed” with Backyard Farms’ commitment. “Backyard Farms not only is a growing, customer-focused tomato grower with a strong and well-known presence in the Northeastern United States, but it also shares the same community-centric ethos that drives Mastronardi,” he said. The company believes that consumers are looking for more local produce, according to Mastronardi, and trends show they are also looking for greater variety in tomatoes. Combined with Backyard Farms, Mastronardi Produce hopes to fill this need in the Northeastern United States. For Backyard Farms, the merger with a larger brand could help it market its products better in the United States, according to McConnon, the UMaine economics professor. “Backyard Farms has a unique brand and a pretty solid brand in that particular market niche and product category,” he said. “I would expect that to be maintained and further marketed.” Given Mastronardi’s reach across North America, McConnon said he would expect that Backyard Farms will grow its production. “I think we have to wait and see. Time will tell what the local impact is going to be, but I expect that it will support further growth and sustainability of Backyard Farms here in Maine,” he said. Along the way, Backyard Farms also has faced hardships, such as a whitefly infestation in 2014 that forced it to cease operations at its greenhouse and furlough employees. It grows several varieties of tomatoes, including beefsteak, cocktail and tomatoes on the vine, which are sent to stores including Hannaford, Whole Foods, Walmart and Shaw’s. The farms’ greenhouses are hydroponic, meaning the plants are not grown in soil, but are instead grown in a water solution that is stocked with nutrients. The greenhouses are kept between 69 to 72 degrees during the day and about 10 degrees cooler at night. Mastronardi Produce was founded in the 1940s and sources, grows, packages and distributes more than 50 varieties of non-GMO tomatoes, cucumbers, peppers and other products throughout the year across North America. The company also distributes the specialty brands Campari, Zima, Angel Sweet and Kumato tomatoes. Madeline St. Amour — 861-9239 [email protected] Twitter: @madelinestamour Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Hundreds pack hearing on Massachusetts immigration bill Ivanka Trump urged to help 3 Chinese detainees Mt. Abram High School graduates 66 Trump: U.S. infrastructure will be ‘the envy of the world’ Twin sisters graduate top of their class at Carrabec High School Two arrested in Norridgewock drug bust Police probe video of driver in Skowhegan with unbuckled toddler in front seat Waterville boy, 11, injured when bicycle crashes into car Winthrop town manager resigns, takes responsibility for $166,000 error U.S. demands return of $51 million in federal funds that Maine spent at Riverview YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News Food & Drink Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Shopping Best ways to save at Target By Nadine Jolie Courtney Published June 09, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print Do your shopping carts look like this after a few hours at Target?  (Reuters) Target. Tar-jay. The Best Store Ever. No matter what you call it, you likely end up snapping up plenty of swag every time you shop here-- and have the credit card receipts to prove it. With something for everybody—from golf clubs to games to groceries—it’s nearly impossible to walk out of the store without a cart laden with goodies. But to make the most of Target’s massive selection and frequent sales, it helps to be in-the-know. There are a slew of insider secrets about how to hack the retail giant and walk away with incredible deals. We spoke to shopping expert Kimmy Brogan—who hunts deals from major mass-market retails on her Instagram @QueenOfTheDeals—to find out the best ways you can easily save money at Target. 1. Stalk Mark Down Days. “Target marks down various departments on certain days,” explains Brogan. “If you’re eyeing something, pay attention!” Here’s the list of daily departmental deals, according to Brogan: Monday: Electronics, Accessories, Kids Clothing, Books, Baby and Stationery Tuesday: Women’s Clothing, Pets and Market (food items) Wednesday: Men’s Clothing, Health and Beauty, Diapers, Lawn and Garden items and Furniture Thursday: Housewares, Lingerie, Shoes, Toys, Sporting Goods, Decor and Luggage Friday: Auto, Cosmetics, Hardware and Jewelry By planning ahead and doing savvy-shopping on days when you’re in need of certain items—say, by doing your monthly bath and body shopping on Fridays, or a regular diaper run on Wednesdays—you can score big savings over the long run. TARGET ADDING WINE AND BEER BOUTIQUES TO NEW STORES 2. Apply for a Target REDCard Target offers both a credit card and a debit card—sign up for either one and start racking in the savings. “It's free and you'll save 5 percent off of your total every single time,” Brogan says, who recommends the debit card which links to your bank account. Five percent is nothing to sneeze at. If you spend $500 a month at Target, by the end of the year, you’ll have saved $300. The card is also good for free shipping online at Target.com, while other benefits include 30 extra days for returns and an additional 5 percent off for every two prescriptions filled. There’s no annual fee, either. 3. Download the Right Apps Target has its own app, called Cartwheel, which features additional savings, daily deals, and more. “You can scan the item you're eyeing with your phone and it'll tell you if there's a Cartwheel deal available,” Brogan says. You can also use it in addition to manufacturer coupons and the 5 percent Target REDCard discount and the app will also send you regular alerts about deals. Brogan also recommends downloading the Coupons.com app to stay on top of manufacturer coupons.  4. Price Match “Saw something cheaper at another place or online? Target will price match it, and you can use manufacturer coupons in addition to price matching,” Brogan says. That means a coupon that isn’t necessarily earmarked for Target can still be used there (as long as it says “manufacturer coupon”) and if you find something cheaper at, say, Walmart, Target will honor the cheaper price. According to Target’s website, they’ll even make price adjustments within 14 days of purchase—so hold onto those receipts.  FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS 5. Pay Attention to Clearance Items Unless it specifically states otherwise, manufacturer coupons and Cartwheel can be used on clearance items. “You can also use sites like brickseek.com to locate clearance items and check out which Target store near you has the lowest price,” Brogan adds. Another tip: read the clearance tags. “A rule of thumb,” Brogan explains, “If the price on your clearance tag ends in $0.04, it means it's the lowest that Target will be marking the item down to. If it ends in $0.06 or $0.08 than it will typically be marked down again during the next clearance cycle—every two weeks.”  Advertisement Trending in Food & Drink Weed pizza? Massachusetts dispensary offering THC-infused pies Police: Man faked illness twice to avoid paying bar bill Domino's customer says he found dead cockroach in chicken nuggets White Castle wants to give you a 'Royal' wedding and honeymoon Taco Bell to give away free tacos for Golden State Warriors win Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
just-style home News & insights News US Q1 in brief – Vince Holding Corp, Destination Maternity, Tailored Brands By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 9 June 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent first-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, G-III Apparel moved to a loss on acquisition charges, while Guess saw earnings fall on soft Americas sales. Kate Spade, meanwhile, saw earnings slump on the back of sales declines, while Hudson's Bay recorded comparable store declines on the back of lower domestic store traffic across all banners.  Vince Holding Corp Vince Holding said its first-quarter results were largely in line with expectations, as the company's wholesale business was negatively impacted by the elimination of its summer delivery. For the period ended 29 April, Vince booked a widening of its net loss to US$9.3m, compared to a net loss of $1.9m last year. Net sales meanwhile, decreased 14.2% to $58m from $67.6m in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Comparable sales slipped 5.7%, including e-commerce sales, due to a decrease in average order value. CEO Brendan Hoffman said: "Looking ahead, we will remain focused on strengthening our direct-to-consumer business as well as take steps to optimise our wholesale business as we look to engage consumers across channels. Overall, we believe the Vince brand remains strong and we are making progress toward driving improved performance." Destination Maternity Destination Maternity said its financial results in the first quarter were "challenging and below expectations", despite making what CEO Anthony Romano called "tangible progress in a very difficult retail environment". For the three months ended 29 April, adjusted net losses amounted to US$0.7m, compared to adjusted net income of $4.5m in the year-ago period. During the quarter, the company incurred store closing, asset impairment and asset disposal expense of $1.5m, while other charges reached $0.8m,primarily for legal and advisory fees related to the proposed merger. Gross margin was up 30 basis points to 54.4% from 54.1% last year. Net sales were also down, falling to $106.4m from $124.4m in the prior year quarter, primarily driven by the closure of underperforming stores, the wind down of the Kohl's, Sears and Gordmans relationships and a 7.3% decline in comparable sales. Tailored Brands Tailored Brands, the former Men's Wearhouse, said it is gaining traction on itsinitiatives of engaging more customers across all channels, after booking an increase in earnings for the quarter. For the period ended 29 April, net earnings reached US$1.8m from $1.6m last year. Total net sales meanwhile, decreased 5.5% to $782.9m, compared to $828.8m in the year-ago period. Retail segment net sales decreased by 5.3% due primarily to the impact of last year's store closures as well as comparable sales declines. Retail gross margin increased 20 basis points to 43.7%, driven primarily by leveraging of procurement and distribution costs partially offset by deleveraging of occupancy costs as a result of lower retail sales. First-quarter results include $17.2m of one-time charges, of which $2.6m are non-cash costs, to terminate the tuxedo rental license agreement with Macy's. Lands' End Lands' End says its first-quarter results were in line with its expectations, despite a widening of its net loss. For the 13 weeks ended 28 April, the company recorded a net loss of US$7.8m, compared to $5.8m in the year-ago period. Gross margin narrowed to 45.7% from 47.4% in the first quarter last year while net revenue dropped to $268.4m, compared to $273.4m last year. Same-store sales for the quarter meanwhile, increased 2.1%. Looking ahead, CEO Jerome Griffith, said Lands' End is focused on building on this momentum and leveraging its "strong brand and loyal customer base". G-III Apparel Group G-III Apparel has moved to a loss in its first-quarter, despite growing sales, as a result of charges related to its acquisition of Donna Karan International. Losses amounted to US$10.4m for the three month period, from earnings of $2.8m a year earlier. Net sales were up 16% to a record $529m from $457.4m. CEO Morris Goldfarb, said the group's wholesale business continues its strong growth but noted this has been offset by the development of the Donna Karan business. "We are reducing operating costs in our retail business, closing and re-purposing stores and enhancing our store product offerings, all which are intended to help us significantly reduce the losses in our retail operations." Zumiez Zumiez said it is on the right course to grow both sales and earnings to generate value for our shareholders, despite a widening of its net loss in the quarter. For the period ended 29 April, the company recorded a net loss of US$4.4m, compared to net loss of $2.1m in the prior year quarter. Net sales meanwhile, increased 4.7% to $181.2m from $173m last year. Comparable sales for the period were also up, rising 1.8% compared to a comparable sales decrease of 7.5% in the first quarter of 2016. Express Express said it is pleased with the recent trends in the business despite moving to a loss in the quarter. For the 13 weeks to 29 April, the company recorded a net loss of US$4.5m, compared to net income of $12.9m in the year-ago period, which included $11.4m of non-core expenses related to the amendment of the Times Square Flagship store lease. One-off charges in the first quarter of 2017,included $6.3m related to the exit of Canada. Net sales meanwhile, decreased 7% to $467m from $502.9m last year, while comparable sales (including e-commerce sales) decreased 10%, compared to a 3% decrease in the first quarter of 2016. E-commerce sales however, increased 27% year over year to $97.6m. CEO David Kornberg, said: "We are pleased with the recent trends in our business and believe that our initiatives are gaining traction in a challenging retail environment. E-commerce sales accelerated in the first quarter, increasing 27%, and are on track for another record year. Store performance is also showing sequential progress. This led to a comparable sales improvement as we moved through the first quarter, a trend that has continued into the second quarter." Dollar General Dollar General said it was pleased with its earnings results for the first quarter which reflect "solid management" of the business in a difficult retail environment. Net income dropped to US$279.5m for the period ended 5 May, compared to $295.1m last year. Net sales rose 6.5% to $5.61bn, with same store sales up 0.7%, driven by positive results in the consumables and apparel categories, partially offset by negative results in the home and seasonal categories. Gross margin meanwhile, slipped 34 basis points to  30.3% from 30.6%,  primarily attributable to higher markdowns for inventory clearance and promotional activities, a greater proportion of sales of consumables, which tend to have a lower gross profit rate as compared to non-consumables, and the mix within consumables.  CEO Todd Vasos, said: "We continue to execute on our focused strategy and implement our operating initiatives which we believe will improve customer traffic and transactions." Caleres First-quarter results from footwear retailer Caleres provided a "solid start" to the year, despite booking a drop in net earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 29 April, net earnings amounted to US$14.9m compared to $17.8m in the year-ago period. The company said its earnings for the quarter included $2.5m after-tax of expected charges related to the Allen Edmonds acquisition, integration and reorganisation of men's brands. Gross margin of 42.9% was up 52 basis points, while net sales were up 8% to $631.5m from $584.7m in the prior year. CEO Diane Sullivan said that despite the continued tough retail environment, "we are pleased with the performance of our Allen Edmonds acquisition, the success of our integration to date, and with our continued shift toward more balanced earnings contribution from both Famous Footwear and Brand Portfolio. And although retail continues to rapidly and significantly evolve, we remain on track for 2017." Genesco  Genesco said its first-quarter performance reflects a number of challenges, many of which were expected, early in the new fiscal year. For the three months ended 29 April, net earnings fell to US$885m from $10.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down, slipping 0.8% to $643m from $649m. Comparable sales, including same store sales and comparable e-commerce and catalog sales, decreased 1%, with a 5% decrease in the Journeys Group, a 1% increase in the Lids Sports Group, a 10% increase in the Schuh Group, and a 3% decrease in the Johnston & Murphy Group. Dollar Tree US discount retailer Dollar Tree saw its first-quarter net income slip US$32.2m to $200.5m, but sales increased 4% to $5.29bn from $5.09bn in the prior year period. Same-store sales for the Dollar Tree banner increased 2.5%. Gross margin edged up to 30.8% compared to 30.6% in the prior year, with improvement driven primarily by lower merchandise and freight costs, partially offset by higher markdowns. Abercrombie & Fitch Abercrombie & Fitch reported a net loss of US$61.7m in the first quarter, compared to net loss of $39.6m last year. Gross margin narrowed 130 basis points to 60.3%. Net sales slipped 4% to $661.1m from $685.5m in the year-ago period, while comparable sales were down 3%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 11% to $286.4m, while Hollister sales were up 3% to $374.7m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 4% to $409.1m in the US, and 3% to $252m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "While we anticipate the second quarter environment to remain promotional, we expect results to improve further in the second half of the year, as we see returns from our strategic investments in marketing and omnichannel."Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 11% to $286.4m, while Hollister sales were up 3% to $374.7m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 4% to $409.1m in the US, and 3% to $252m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "While we anticipate the second quarter environment to remain promotional, we expect results to improve further in the second half of the year, as we see returns from our strategic investments in marketing and omnichannel." Burlington Stores  Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue increase in the first quarter, booking a 39.6% rise in net income from US$37.5m to $52.4m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 40.9%, while total sales meanwhile, increased 5.0%, or $63.9m, to $1.3bn. This growth was driven by an increase of $65.1m from new and non-comparable stores, as well as a 0.5% increase in comparable store sales. The 0.5% comparable store sales increase was on top of a 4.3% increase in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Sears Holdings  US retail giant Sears Holdings moved to a profit in the quarter, with net income reaching US$244m, compared to net loss of $471m in the year-ago period. Gross margin narrowed slightly from 21.8% to 21.6%, while net revenues fell to $4.3bn from $5.4bn last year. Sears said the year-over-year decline in revenues was primarily driven by having fewer Kmart and Sears full-line stores in operation, which accounted for $557m of the decline, as well as an 11.9% decline in comparable store sales during the quarter, which accounted for $417m. CEO Edward Lampert, noted: "While this was certainly a challenging quarter for our company, it was also one that clearly demonstrated our commitment to return Sears Holdings to solid financial footing. We recognise that we need to accelerate our efforts to improve our operational performance and are moving decisively with our $1.25bn restructuring program." PVH Corp Apparel giant PVH Corp increased its earnings guidance for the year after its first-quarter earnings exceeded guidance, and despite a 69.7% drop in net income to US$70.1m from $231.6m in the year-ago period. For the quarter ended 30 April, revenue increased 4% to $1.9bn from $1.82bn last year. PVH's Tommy Hilfiger business recorded the highest growth at 6% to $842m, while Calvin Klein revenue was not far behind, up 5% to $756m, compared to the prior year period, which includes a reduction of about $15m resulting from the November 2016 deconsolidation of the company's Calvin Klein business in Mexico. Meanwhile, revenue in the Heritage Brands business for the quarter decreased 3% to $391m, principally resulting from a planned shift in the timing of shipments from the first quarter into the second quarter as compared to the prior year period. CEO Emanuel Chirico said: "Our first quarter performance underscored the power of our diversified business model and the strength in our international businesses. We believe that our brands, led by  Calvin Klein and  Tommy Hilfiger, continue to resonate with consumers and are gaining market share against our competition. As the global retail environment shifts, we continue to focus on adapting to change, while investing in our brands and operating platforms to capitalise on the opportunities for each of our businesses." Shoe Carnival Shoe Carnival saw earnings and sales slip in the first quarter, compared to last year, as net income fell to US$8.2m from $10.7m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin narrowed to 28.5% from 29%, while net sales dropped 2.7% to $253.4m from $260.5m last year. Comparable store sales were down 3.9%. CEO Cliff Sifford said: "Looking forward, our consistently strong financial position provides the financial flexibility to support our future strategies and further enhance shareholder value over time as a result of our dividend and share repurchase programs." Guess US fashion retailer Guess booked a drop in first-quarter sales on the back of a soft performance in the Americas where the company is looking to shrink its footprint and improve profitability. Group earnings fell to US$21.3m from $25.2m a year earlier, while gross margin narrowed slightly to 31.5% from 31.8%. Net revenues finished at the high-end of expectations, reaching $458.6m from $448.8m. In Europe and in Asia, sales were up 23% and 17%, respectively, driven by new store openings and positive comp sales. In the Americas, sales were down 14.9%. Chico's Chico's said it remains "steadfast" in in executing against its strategic plan to increase profitable sales and long-term earnings after booking a mixed first-quarter. For the thirteen weeks ended 29 April, net income increased to US$33.62m from $31.08m in the year-ago period, while gross margin narrowed slightly to 40.7% from 40.8%. Sales meanwhile, slipped 9.2% to $583.7m compared to $643m last year. The company said the fall primarily reflects a decline in comparable sales of 8.7%, driven by lower average dollar sale and a decline in transaction count. Tilly's Apparel, footwear and accessories retailer Tilly's said its initiatives are gaining traction, as it narrowed its net loss to US$0.2m from $2.7m. Gross margin increased 10 basis points to 27.2% from 27.1% last year, primarily due to an 80 basis point reduction in buying, distribution and occupancy costs, offset by a 70 basis point decline in product margins from increased markdowns. Total sales edged up 0.6% to $120.9m, while comparable sales were also up by 0.6% compared to a 4.1% decline in the same period last year. DSW DWS said sales were challenging in the first quarter, but trends did improve with comps turning positive in April. For the thirteen weeks ended 29 April, net sales increased 1.4% to US$691.1m from $681.3m in the year-ago period, including $22.3m of revenues from Ebuys. Comparable sales decreased 3% compared to last year's 1.6% slip. Net income meanwhile, slipped to $23m compared to $30m last year. Gross margin decreased 180 bps to 28.2% from 30%, driven by planned clearance activity and the addition of Ebuys, offset by disciplined markdown management and favourable sourcing costs. CEO Roger Rawlins, said: "As expected, planned clearance activity and the addition of Ebuys drove lower gross margin and operating income. The investments we have made in our digital capabilities, such as our redesigned website and mobile app, drove robust growth in digital demand. We are intently focused on driving sequential top line improvements through key product and customer initiatives while balancing strategic investments with disciplined expense management." New York & Co New York & Co booked first-quarter results in line with company expectations thanks to celebrity collaborations, a double-digit percentage increase in e-commerce sales and strong gross margin expansion to its highest level in the first quarter since 2008. Net losses narrowed to US$4.2m from $5.7m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 300 basis points to 30.7%. Net sales, however, dropped to $209.9m, a decline of 2.9% from $216m in the prior year, reflecting growth in e-commerce, offset by decreases in brick-and-mortar stores due to the combination of a lower store count (463 this year versus 488 last year) and a 0.7% drop in comparable store sales. JC Penney Retail giant JC Penney saw an improvement in women's apparel, despite widening its net loss to US$180m in the first quarter, compared to net loss of $68m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, gross margin was up 10 basis points to 36.3 %, positively impacted by improved selling margins throughout the quarter, which was partially offset by the continued growth in the company's online and major appliance businesses. Net sales meanwhile, slipped 3.7% to $2.7bn from $2.8bn last year. Comparable store sales were down 3.5% for the quarter. CEO Marvin Ellison, said: "We continue to make encouraging progress in the company's competitive and financial position despite our top-line performance during the first quarter. While February was a very challenging month for JCPenney and broader retail, we are pleased with our comp store sales for the combined March and April period, which improved significantly versus February." Foot Locker US footwear retailer Foot Locker described its first-quarter as one of the company's most profitable in its history, despite a slip in net income and falling short of its original expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net income was US$180m, compared to $191m in the year-ago period. Total sales meanwhile, increased 0.7% to $2bn, compared with sales of $1.99bn for the corresponding prior-year period. Comparable-store sales were up 0.5%, while gross margin decreased to 34% from 35% a year ago. CEO Richard Johnson said: "The slow start we experienced in February, which we believe was largely due to the delay in income tax refunds, was unfortunately not fully offset by much stronger sales in March and April. Nonetheless, we believe our banners remain at the centre of a vibrant sneaker culture. We are confident that our customers have not lost their tremendous appetite for athletic footwear and apparel and that our position in the industry is stronger than ever." Cato Corp Cato Corp reported a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping 38% to US$22.2m from $35.9m last year. First-quarter gross margin decreased 390 basis points to 38.7%, primarily due to lower merchandise margins and deleveraging of buying and occupancy costs. Meanwhile, total sales fell to $239.7m, compared to $288m in the year-ago period. Same-store sales were also down, slipping 17%. "Our negative sales trend persisted throughout the first quarter, impacting margins and earnings as we continued to work through our merchandise missteps," stated John Cato, chairman, president, and CEO. "It is taking longer to work through these issues than expected and the remainder of the year will be impacted. We expect earnings for the year to be below last year." The Buckle The Buckle booked a drop in both earnings and sales in the first quarter, with the former dropping to US$16.3m from $23.1m a year earlier. Revenues were down 12.8% to $212.3m from net sales of $243.5m for the year-ago period, while comparable sales fell 12.7%. Online sales were down 7.2% to $21.8m for the 13-week period ended 29 April. The Buckle also announced senior vice president of finance and CFO, Karen Rhoads,who joined the company in 1980, will retire later this summer. Rhoads will continue to serve as a member of the company's board of directors. The board has engaged an executive search firm to assist with the search for Rhoads' replacement. The Bon-Ton Stores US department store retailer The Bon-Ton Stores widened its net loss to US$57.3m in the first quarter, compared to $37.8m in the year-ago period. The York, Pennsylvania-based company saw total sales fall by 9.3% to $536.1m from $591m in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Comparable store sales decreased 8.8% as compared with the prior year period. Meanwhile, gross margin decreased 170 basis points to 32.2% compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the markdown rate and increased delivery expenses. CEO Kathryn Bufano said: "Our first quarter results did not meet our expectations due primarily to weak mall traffic trends, unfavourable weather and marketing challenges associated with the Easter calendar shift." Ross Stores Ross Stores booker higher sales and earnings in its first-quarter despite uncertainty and volatility in the market. Earnings reached US$321m from $291m a year earlier. Total sales were up 7% to $3.3bn, while comparable store sales grew 3%. Operating margin of 15.2% exceeded company expectations due to above-plan sales and merchandise margin. For the second quarter, the company is forecasting same store sales to be up 1% to 2%, on top of a 4% gain last year, with earnings per share of $0.73 to $0.76, up from $0.71 in the prior year period. Stage Stores Stage Stores widened its net loss to US$19m from $15.5m in the first quarter as the company incurred after-tax charges primarily associated with the Gordmans acquisition of about $4m. Net sales were also down, falling 7.3% to $308.6m, compared to $332.8m in the prior year. Meanwhile, comparable sales decreased 9.6%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "After a challenging February in which we saw negative double digit comps, we began to gain momentum and our business improved significantly during the combined March and April period. While we expect retail headwinds to continue in the near term, we believe that our selective acquisition of prime Gordmans' assets allows us to diversify with an off-price business model. We expect the acquisition to add scale to our business and be meaningfully accretive to our earnings in 2018." Perry Ellis Perry Ellis said it was pleased with a "solid start" to fiscal 2018, with top and bottom line results surpassing guidance, reflecting solid growth in its core brands driven by the earlier shipment of Spring merchandise and strong gross margin expansion. For the three month period, as reported under GAAP, net income was US$12.8m, compared to GAAP net income of $14.3m last year. GAAP Gross margin expanded 120 basis points to 37.6%, while adjusted gross margin expanded 90 basis points. Meanwhile, total sales dropped 7.3% to $242m from $261m last year, but ahead of guidance of $230mto $235 million. The company said the decline reflected a planned decrease in shipments given a reduction of customers' doors and inventory discipline to drive higher margin sales. Walmart Walmart has delivered what analysts say is an encouraging start to the year as sales grew 1.4% in the quarter to US$117.5bn. Excluding currency, sales were up 2.5% to $118.8bn. In its domestic market revenues were up 2.9% to $75.4bn, while international sales climbed 3.5% to $27.1bn. Net earnings, meanwhile, were down 1.3% in the period to $3.04bn. "We delivered a solid first-quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year. We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers," said CEO Doug McMillon. The Children's Place The Children's Place has booked what it says are "outstanding" operating results in the quarter with comparable sales, operating margin and earnings significantly above last year and the high end of its guidance. Net sales increased 4.1% to US$436.7m on the back of a comparable retail sales increased of 6.1%. Operating margin improved 170 basis points to 11.1%, while net income reached $36.2m from $26m a year earlier. American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a mixed first-quarter as earnings slipped but sales increased. For the period ended 29 April, net income fell to US$25.2m from $40.5m last year. Gross margin decreased 270 basis points to 36.5% from 39.2% last year, primarily due to increased promotional activity and higher shipping costs related to a strong digital business. Meanwhile, total net revenue was up 2% to $761.8m, compared to $749.4m in the year-ago period. Consolidated comparable sales were also up 2%, following a 6% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "The first quarter results reflected mall traffic headwinds, especially early in the quarter, with improved trends over Easter and a strong digital business throughout. As we look ahead, we are taking the right steps to improve our results and adjust our business for today's rapidly evolving retail environment." L Brands  L Brands booked a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping to US$94.1m from $152.3m last year. For the three months ended 29 April, net sales fell 7% to $2.44bn compared to $2.61bn in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were also down, falling 9%. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 6 percentage points and 9 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company increased its guidance for 2017 full-year earnings per share to $3.10 to $3.40 from $3.05 to $3.35 previously, and issued guidance for second quarter earnings per share between $0.40 and $0.45. Target Corp US retail group Target said its first-quarter financial performance was "better" than its expectations, as net earnings rose 7.7% to US$681m from $632m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, sales slipped 1.1% to $16.0bn compared to $16.2bn last year, reflecting a comparable sales decline of 1.3%, partially offset by the contribution from new stores. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 22% and contributing 0.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 30.5%, compared with 30.9% in the year-ago period, reflecting increased digital channel fulfilment costs.  CEO Brian Cornell, said: "We are in the early stage of a multi-year effort to position Target for profitable, consistent long-term growth, and while we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape. As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently while preparing our team to chase business when we have an opportunity." Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters saw net income slip 59.8% in the first quarter, falling to US$11.9m from $29.6m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down in the period, falling 0.2% to $761.2m compared to $762.6m last year. Total comparable retail segment net sales decreased 3.1%. By brand, comparable sales increased 1.5% at Free People, but decreased 3.1% at Urban Outfitters and 4.4% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by negative retail store comparable net sales. CEO Richard Hayne, said: "During the first quarter we continued to see strong double-digit growth from our direct-to-consumer channel and our wholesale business. We believe we have significant opportunity to continue to grow both of these channels at all of our brands." Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said that despite a challenging retail environment, it realised growth across each of its three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 April, net income reached US$58.2m compared to $56.9m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also up, increasing 9.9% to $1.8bn from $1.7bn last year. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will continue to "evaluate and adjust" its business model, and is taking actions to reduce its expense structure in order to fund and develop its longer-term strategic initiatives. TJX Companies TJX Companies said it has  great confidence in the continued, successful growth of the company after booking increases in both sales and earnings in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 January, net income reached US$536.3m, compared to $508.3m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin was 29.0%, up 0.2 percentage points versus the prior year. Net sales meanwhile, increased by 3% to $7.8bn from $7.5bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, narrowed its net loss in the first quarter. For the period ended 31 March, net loss was US$2.4m, compared to $6.5m for the prior year period. Net sales meanwhile, were up 19% to $40.1m from $33.7m in the prior year period, reflecting a 22% increase in wholesale segment sales and a 9% increase in consumer direct segment sales. The company added the sales increase was primarily due to sales from the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands for the full period. Gross margin fell to 46.4% compared to 48.5%last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans for the full quarter as well as the inclusion of Swims, which carry lower gross margin rates as primarily wholesale businesses. CEO Michael Buckley said the company is "pleased" with the progress it has made during the quarter, especially in its e-commerce business, which saw a 46% sales increase. Dillard's Dillard's has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its first-quarter, with net income falling to US$66.3m from $77.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped to $1.42bn from $1.50bn a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations improved 65 basis points. CEO William Dillard said that while the company's sales decline weighed heavily onits operating results, it still ended the quarter with $302m of cash, largely due to better cash management. Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked first-quarter earnings in line with expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net earnings were up 37% to US$63m, from $46m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.7% to $3.3bn, compared to $3.2bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.8%. This was consistent with trends experienced over the past year, Nordstrom said. Meanwhile, online sales were 24% of total net sales, driven by 11% growth at Nordstrom.com and 19% at Nordstromrack.com/HauteLook. Hudson's Bay Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) has booked a drop in comparable sales in what it described as a difficult first-quarter, particularly in the US where the group has experienced lower store traffic across all its banners. On a constant currency basis, consolidated comparable sales were down 2.9%. DSG (Hudson's Bay, Lord & Taylor, and Home Outfitters) saw sales fall 2.4%, while Saks Fifth Avenue sales fell 4.8%. In Europe, HBC sales were remained flat. Comparable digital sales were up 5.4%. Macy's US department store retailer Macy's says its first-quarter sales and earnings results were consistent with its expectations, and that it remains on track to meet its 2017 guidance. Earnings in the period dropped to $71m from $115m last year, while gross margin narrowed to 38.1% from 39.1% in the prior year period. Sales totalled $5.34bn, a drop of 7.5% on sales of $5.77bn in the same period last year, reflecting, in part, store closures. Comparable sales on an owned basis were down 5.2%. Kohl's US department store retailer Kohl's has booked mixed first-quarter results as earnings climbed but sales fell. Earnings were up 14% to US$66m from $58m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 83 basis points to 36.4%. Sales, meanwhile, were down 3.2% to $3.84bn. CEO Kevin Mansell, however, said there had been a "significant improvement" in sales and traffic for the March and April period, after a weak February. "Continued strong inventory management led to a major improvement in gross margin, and our teams managed expenses exceptionally well." Wolverine Worldwide Wolverine Worldwide booked what it says was a solid start to the year with earnings and sales that beat expectations and strong progress towards its strategic transformation plan. Revenues dropped 4.8% to US$591.3m due to an additional week of operations in the first quarter of 2017. Underlying revenue declined 2%. Earnings dropped to $16.7m from $17.4m, while gross margin widened slightly to 39.7% from 39.6% last year. "The transformation of our business is well underway with our strategy focused on elevating our most powerful brands with consumers, delivering continuous product innovation and sustained organic growth, and unlocking incremental operational efficiencies, with an emphasis on pace and speed," said CEO Blake Krueger. Iconix Brand Group Iconix moved to a loss in its first-quarter on the back of declining sales as the the company looks to implement initiatives aimed at improving its balance sheet and driving organic growth. Losses amounted to US$4.3m from earnings of $18.6m a year earlier. Operating income declined 27% to $33.6m, while licensing revenue fell 13% to $58.7m. Separately, Iconix announced the sale of its entertainment segment for $345m in cash. Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends said total sales in the 13 weeks to 29 April increased 3.2% to US$200m, compared to $193.7m in the year-ago period. Comparable store sales meanwhile, were up 1% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Acting CEO Bruce Smith, said: "We are pleased to report that our improved merchandising strategies are driving better performance, as demonstrated by the increase in our first quarter comparable store sales. After a very slow start to the quarter due to the later disbursement of tax refunds by the Internal Revenue Service, we were able to more than make up February's 21% comparable store sales decline with increases of 13% in March and 18% in April." Weyco Weyco saw both sales and earnings slip in its first-quarter in the face of what it called a "challenging" retail environment. For the three months to 31 March, net earnings attributable to the company fell 17% to US$2.2m from $2.7m in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, net sales for the quarter slipped to $69.1m, down 12% from $78.9m last year. CEO Thomas Florsheim Jr said: "The retail environment continues to be challenging, as retailers address reduced foot traffic in their brick and mortar stores. We continue to seek growth across all trade channels and are working to reduce our costs.  This quarter we saw higher gross margins and reductions in several categories of selling and administrative costs as a result of our efforts."    Hanesbrands US fashion retailer Hanesbrands said it is off to the strong start of 2017 that it sought, despite net income slipping 12% to US$70.6m from $80.3m in the year-ago period. Net sales meanwhile, increased 13.2% to $1.38bn from $1.22bn last year, thanks to acquisition contributions. Sales for the activewear and international segments increased, while sales decreased as expected for the innerwear segment and manage-for-cash businesses. Hanes has also launched a multiyear initiative to increase investment for growth, reduce costs, and drive cash flow. Project Booster, is expected to drive the company's Sell More, Spend Less, Generate Cash business strategy and is expected to generate about $100m in annualised net cost savings, and $300m of incremental annual net cash from operations after annualised growth reinvestment of $50m. The company has also recently announced the departure of CFO Richard Moss who will retire at the end of 2017. Hanesbrands has initiated an internal and external search for his successor.  VF Corp US apparel giant VF Corporation said its first-quarter results were "right in line" with expectations, despite a 2% fall in both sales and earnings for the period. Net income fell to US$209.2m in the three months to March, from $260.3m the year before. As a result of the sale of its licensed sports group business to Fanatics, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $5.5m the first quarter of 2017. Gross margin improved 150 basis points to 50.2% on a reported basis, while total revenues fell to $2.55bn from $2.60bn in the year-ago period. Brand revenue at Vans was up 5% and by 6% at The North Face., but fell 5% at Timberland. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record first-quarter net sales of US$543.8m, a 4% increase compared with net sales of $525.1m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 13% to $36m from $31.8m in the year ago period. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 3%, and net income of between $192m and $199m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "Our first quarter results provide a good start to a year that presents many challenges, especially in the US, which has been impacted by customer bankruptcies, liquidations and ongoing efforts by US.retailers to rationalise their store fleets and square footage. We were encouraged by the Columbia brand's continued growth in Europe-direct markets during the first quarter and by the Sorel brand's successful launch of an expanded Spring assortment. In addition, our direct-to-consumer businesses were a source of growth in every region. "In the midst of changing consumer shopping patterns, our portfolio of powerful brands and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to drive sustainable, profitable growth." Amazon Online retail giant Amazon has booked increases in both sales and earnings in its first-quarter thanks to new product and service launches globally, including seven private apparel brands to Prime members. Net income reached US$724m from $513m a year prior. Net sales were up 23% to $35.7bn. Excluding a $492m unfavourable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the quarter, net sales increased 24%. Under Armour Under Armour's share price has spiked after the athletic wear maker posted a first-quarter loss that was better than analyst expectations and reaffirmed its full-year outlook. The loss for the three months to the end of March amounted to US$2.3m from earnings of $19.2m a year ago. Gross margin dropped 70 basis points to 45.2%. Net sales, however, grew 7% to $1.1bn. "Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and we're off to a solid start in 2017," said Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank. "By proactively managing our growth to deliver superior innovative product, continuing to strengthen our connection with consumers and increasing our focus on operational excellence - we have great confidence in our ability to drive toward our full year targets." Carter's Carter's booked a mixed first-quarter, with a slight rise in sales but a 13.6% decrease in net income from US$54m to $46.7m. Operating margin also decreased, falling 210 basis points to 10.7%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 1.2% to $732.8m, reflecting growth in the company's domestic retail and wholesale sales, which was partially offset by a decline in International sales. CEO Michael Casey, said: "We achieved our sales and earnings objectives in the first quarter. Stronger than planned demand in our wholesale and ecommerce businesses helped to offset the effects of delayed tax refunds to families with young children and a later Easter holiday. "We have seen a meaningful improvement in sales trends in April, driven by Easter holiday shopping, and expect good growth in sales and earnings in the balance of the year."  Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it pleased to have started off 2017 with a strong first-quarter, despite delivering a 15.6% drop in earnings. For the three months ended 31 March, net income fell to US$20.2m from $23.7m last year. However, the company said its highlight of the quarter was its Steve Madden women's wholesale footwear division, which enjoyed a period of "outstanding growth in a challenging retail environment". Net sales increased 11.2% to $366.4m, compared to $329.4m in the year-ago period. Gross margin widened to 36.2%, compared to 35.3% last year. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said the company will take a prudent approach to planning its business in light of retail industry headwinds, but added the strength in its core business "gives us confidence that we are well-positioned to navigate the uncertain environment".  Skechers Despite first-quarter net sales representing a new quarterly record and the first time the company has exceeded US$1bn in quarterly sales, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip in the three months ended 31 March. Sales in the quarter were up 9.6% to $1.07bn on last year, primarily due to a 16.8% increase in the company's international wholesale business and a 12.8% rise in its company-owned global retail business which included comparable same-store sales increases of 2.9%. However, earnings slipped 3.7% to $94m, compared to $97.6m in the year-ago period. CEO David Weinberg said: "We are particularly proud of the growth in the quarter considering the tough comparison to 2016, which included the benefit of an additional day in February and Easter falling in March." Rocky Brands Rocky Brands says it has made a "solid start" to 2017 as it moved to a profit thanks to doubling its military segment sales to a quarterly record US$12m. Net income in the three months ended 31 March amounted to $1.5m from a loss of $0.2m a year earlier. Net sales meanwhile, increased 9.6% to $63.1m, compared to $57.5m in the year-ago period. Wholesale sales declined 2.5% to $39.2m, while retail sales edged up to $11.9m from $11.5m. Gross margin dropped 160 basis points to 31.3%, driven by the increase in military segment sales which carry lower gross margins than its wholesale and retail segments. CEO Mike Brooks said: "The actions we have taken over the past six months to better position the company for profitable growth are clearly gaining traction. While there is still work ahead of us in order to maximise shareholder value over the long-term, we are confident we are heading in the right direction." Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade saw earnings slump to US$1.4m in the three months ended 1 April, from $11.6m a year earlier. The company incurred a $7m of pre-tax store impairment charge and $2m of pre-tax fees and expenses related to its strategic review. Gross margin widened to 63.2% from 61.8%, but net sales dropped 1.2% to $271m. Same-store sales fell 2.4% for the quarter, and were down 8.1% excluding e-commerce.  Direct-to-consumer comparable sales fell 2%. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase in the first quarter, up 4% to US$1.10bn from $1.06bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 26 February, net income slipped to $60m, down 9% from $66m last year. The decline primarily reflected lower gross margins, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 51.2% from 53%. In Europe, net revenues were up 12%, while in the Americas sales dropped by 1% and Asia net revenues declined 2%. "Despite the on-going challenges in the industry, I am pleased that we delivered 5% currency-neutral growth over a strong Q1 last year," said Chip Bergh, president and CEO. "We were able to deliver these solid results despite a declining US wholesale business, because of the breadth of our portfolio. Specifically, we grew in all three regions, with particularly outstanding results in Europe; double digit growth in our direct-to-consumer business; and double digit growth on women's and tops." Tweet The Children’s Place taps Ascena exec to aid transformation PREVIOUS Australian wool digital portal prepares for launch NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Companies: Abercrombie & Fitch Co, Amazon.com, American Eagle Outfitters, Calvin Klein Inc, Cato Corporation, Chico’s FAS, Citi Trends Inc, Columbia Sportswear Company, Destination Maternity, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Differential Brands Group, Dollar General, DSW Inc, Foot Locker Inc, G-III Apparel Group, Genesco Inc, Hanesbrands Inc, Hudson’s Bay Company, Iconix Brand Group Inc, JC Penney Company Inc, Kate Spade & Co, Kmart, Kohl’s Corporation, Lands’ End, Levi Strauss & Co, Lord & Taylor, Macy’s Inc, New York & Company, Nordstrom Inc, Perry Ellis International Inc, PVH Corporation, Rocky Brands Inc, Ross Stores Inc, Saks Incorporated, Sears Holdings Corporation, Shoe Carnival, Skechers USA Inc, Stage Stores Inc, Steven Madden, Tailored Brands Inc , Target Corporation, Bon-Ton Stores Inc, Buckle Inc, Children’s Place Retail Stores Inc, Timberland Company, TJX Companies Inc, Tommy Hilfiger Group, Under Armour Inc, Urban Outfitters Inc, VF Corporation, Victoria’s Secret, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Wolverine World Wide Inc, Zumiez Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW COMMENT How millennials (and actually, everyone) want to shop RESEARCH American Eagle Outfitters Inc in Apparel and Footwear (World) While a soft macro environment has negatively impacted other brands, American Eagle Outfitters has taken several encouraging steps to improve its results. However, a weak FY2016 fourth quarter announc... COMMENT The Flanarant – What's behind Britain’s apparent apparel export boom? ANALYSIS Amazon's rise fuels fewer bricks and more clicks NEWS Cotswold and Haana partner on apparel linings Hong Kong fabric maker Cotswold International has partnered with Chinese textile manufacturer Haama Ltd to sell and distribute interior linings for apparel.... NEWS Macy's promotes Anwar as tech VP amid team restructure US department store retailer Macy's has promoted Yasir Anwar to the role of executive vice president and chief technology officer as part of plans to restructure the company's technology team in a bid... NEWS Perry Ellis inks Cubavera deal in Mexico Perry Ellis International has entered into a license agreement with Wolf Company SA de CV for men's apparel and accessories under the Cubavera trademark in Mexico.... NEWS H&M, Inditex and Nike ranked supply chain leaders Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights Sri Lanka apparel makers see delays after floods Sewbots pave the way for the factory of the future Digitalisation takes shape in fashion value chains How millennials (actually, everyone) want to shop India ban on cattle trade hurts leather sourcing News Bangladesh Alliance suspends another six factories US Q1 in brief – Vince Holding Corp Bangladesh violence over union formation attempts H&M, Inditex and Nike ranked supply chain leaders Under Armour launches its first customisable shoes Market research Global market review of denim and jeanswear – forecasts to 2022 UV protective clothing: a practical approach to sun care Global market review of lingerie – forecasts to 2022 Womenswear in Hong Kong, China Global Licensing Trends in Children’s Apparel and Footwear Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB VF Corporation Marks & Spencer Group Plc Gap Inc Nike Inc Levi Strauss & Co Inditex SA Zara PVH Corporation Adidas Group Primark Wal-Mart Stores Inc Lectra Calvin Klein Inc Tommy Hilfiger Group JC Penney Company Inc Abercrombie & Fitch Co C&A Tesco Plc Kate Spade & Co All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
[ Login ]   [ Register ] Home News Commercial Real Estate The Pipeline Residential Real Estate Restaurants Banking/Finance DealFlow Trading Day Retail Startups Marketing & Advertising The Pitch Education Healthcare Law Nonprofits The Herd Breweries The List BizSense Pro Breaking Ground The DeedBook The Docket Foreclosures Moving Day New Licenses The R&D Dept. BizSense Pro Overview BizSense Pro Support Advertise About Us Learn About BizSense Meet the Staff BizSense Events Book a Speaker Internships Local software firm acquired by PR agency Jonathan Spiers June 9, 2017 0 Joel Erb, left, and the INM United team. (Lee Khleang/Padilla) A year and a half after it picked up a local branding shop, a national PR firm is continuing to pull from Richmond’s talent pool. Minneapolis-based Padilla, which has an office in Richmond’s Manchester district, has acquired INM United, a local software design and development company. The deal took effect June 1. Terms were not disclosed. INM’s six employees, led by founder Joel Erb, are now part of Padilla’s digital team, which CEO Lynn Casey said Padilla has been looking to expand. “We were discussing a number of places to get talent, and all of a sudden, INM came to our attention,” Casey said, noting that Padilla had worked with INM on previous projects and shared some clients. Erb, who started what would become INM in 1998 at the age of 15, said conversations with Padilla began when he approached Mark Raper more than 18 months ago – around the time the PR firm picked up local brand agency Joe Smith, which continues to operate as its own entity under the Padilla umbrella. It was Raper’s firm, CRT/tanaka, that brought Padilla to Richmond in 2013, when Padilla’s predecessor, Padilla Speer Beardsley, acquired the local PR shop. Erb said his intention was to discuss collaboration opportunities in areas where the companies’ client base overlapped. He said those talks turned toward merging earlier this year, when he said Padilla saw a need to build their digital capabilities and INM saw a means to broaden its services and reach. “Over that period of time, we’ve done more work in the health sector and food space, which Padilla has a great amount of expertise in,” Erb said. “A lot of our clients were asking for services that we did not have, like the branding, marketing, PR,” he said. “The other component was the reach, to go not just outside our region but also have a national and global audience we can go after.” Erb said INM’s existing contracts with clients will come with them to Padilla. The firm has designed and developed web software and mobile apps for national brands such as AOL, BFGoodrich and Walmart, as well as local clients such as Allianz, Health Warrior and Luck Companies. Erb said INM’s annual revenue exceeded $1 million last year and was on a comparable track this year. Previously based downtown, the company moved to Scott’s Addition in 2014 to make way for Quirk Hotel. The addition of the INM team brings Padilla’s local employee count to 52. The company, which recently swept the best-in-show awards at this year’s Virginia Public Relations Awards, employs a total of 240, with offices in Chicago, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, New York, San Francisco and Washington, D.C. At Padilla, Erb’s title will change from president/CEO to senior director of digital growth. While he plans to continue what he started with INM, including side ventures he started such as mobile app SpotTrot, Erb said he will now do so under his new company’s umbrella. Casey said the addition of Erb and INM will help Padilla keep pace with an always-evolving digital environment. “Digital is a fast-changing world, so agencies that are committed to really having a strong digital platform and capability really need to be vigilant, to make sure that they’re really on top of the changing nature of digital,” she said. “Joel’s team has a couple of arrows in their quiver that we don’t have currently.” POSTED IN » Media/Marketing/Advertising, News, Top News About the author: Jonathan Spiers View all posts by Jonathan Spiers Jonathan Spiers is a senior reporter and assistant editor at BizSense. He covers residential real estate, public companies, and advertising/marketing. He's a graduate of Virginia Tech. He can be reached at [email protected] and (804) 308-2447. Editor's Picks Current and former tenants adjust to Scott’s Addition boom times Libbie Mill developer sues former Southern Season execs Fledgling Farmers Market restaurant closes in Petersburg, operator sued Drive Shack golf range gets initial thumbs up in Goochland Most Commented VCU bags former Broad Street fast food joint for $2.8M (8) Union, Xenith the latest banks to get hitched (7) Developer’s momentum in Brookland Park spills onto North Ave. (5) Third-generation restaurateur continues Greek legacy on Staples Mill (4) New housing model lands in Church Hill (4) Leave A Response » Click here to cancel reply. Please use your real, full name (first and last) and a valid email address to foster a more civil discussion. Comments without first and last name may not be approved. We encourage active participation in our online community, but we reserve the right to remove any off topic or inappropriate comments. Name (required) Email (required) Website Comment    Copyright © 2017 - Richmond BizSense - All Rights Reserved
About Us Newsletter Advertising Subscribe Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Fleet Owner Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Equipment Fleet Management Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats FleetSeek Resource Centers Driver Management HD Pickup & Van Maintenance Powertrain Regulation Advertisement Home > Fleet Management > Productivity in the transportation industry: It’s all about PR! Where experts and professionals share insights and inspirations to grow business and build careers Productivity in the transportation industry: It’s all about PR! Jun 9, 2017 by Paul Menig CEO, Tech-I-M LLC Follow 21 Followers90 Articles7 Comments EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 I need to put out a "call to action" and generate some Public Relations buzz. For the last year, I've been involved with the National Transportation Center as the President of the non-profit foundation (www.NationalTransportationCenter.com). We are focused on building out a large campus just west of Indianapolis to provide training in all types of jobs for transportation—from rigging to driving, from servicing to logistics, from warehouse to consignee, for ships, trains, planes, and trucks. We want to see more disciplined and goal oriented service men and women join the transportation industry. We want the youth of today to understand the many exciting careers in transportation as the Internet of Things (IoT) or, as I prefer to call it, the Internet of Transportation, transforms what we do. It should not come as a shock that I see potential for technology to help us solve the issues of the workforce and the increasing technological content of our vehicles, infrastructure, and procedures.  Earlier this year I visited with a few companies that are using advanced forms of Computer Based Training and Visual Based Learning Systems. Late last year, a local non-profit in my hometown of Portland showed how pervasive this technology will be in the near future, and how useful. The Oregon Story Board worked with an early version of the Microsoft Hololens to develop some visual based training for the automotive industry. The group took students from the Clackamas Community College and taught them how to create a virtual reality transmission, showing how the parts are assembled and how they rotate internally. And, this was not just a class project. The result was then given to the automotive students to help them learn more about transmissions. Here are two links you can check out. http://thomaswester.com/hacking-hololens/2016/10/6/holographic-transmission http://www.opb.org/radio/article/oregon-story-board-microsoft-hololens-education/ This work, in my opinion, is far superior to the simplified demos of virtual reality that some suppliers have provided at the trade shows in the last year.  Yesterday, a gauntlet was laid down by Apple. They introduced an augmented reality developer kit call ARKit. (http://appleinsider.com/articles/17/06/05/arkit-augmented-reality-tools-in-ios-11-will-make-iphone-ipad-biggest-ar-platform-worldwide) Within 1-3 years, over one hundred million portable iOS devices will be showing high-quality, augmented-reality videos for anything and everything. Yes, there will be games, but they will take gamification for drivers trying to save fuel to technicians training to get better and faster at diagnosing and repairing. Imagine getting high schoolers to be playing augmented reality/virtual reality games where the goal is to diagnose a vehicle or repair the hypoid gears in an axle. Expose them to the intricacies of the guts of an engine in this way and they just might fall in love with them, much as you did when you tore one apart with your dad or uncle. Tear it apart in virtual reality first. Today, an article in the Wall Street Journal highlighted the current and near-future use for training, including by Oshkosh, Wal-Mart and United Rental. (https://www.wsj.com/articles/virtual-reality-finally-catches-onwith-businesses-1496664000?tesla=y) FLIP or FLOP Yes, this is the name of a popular series of TV programs on Home and Garden. But, FLIP is also a term in education. Instead of listening to a boring lecture in school and then working incorrectly to do homework at home, alone, flip it around. Have the student watch an entertaining video/lecture at home (possibly with parents involved), then do the homework in class where the teacher can immediately help with any problems. I had a chance to talk with the people doing training for aerospace assembly jobs as part of the Edmonds Community College https://edcc.edu/workforce/aerospace/default.html. In this program, the majority of the training is done via computer based training at the convenience of the student. The final training and certification is done on-campus, in-person before a certified instructor. Cost to the student is significantly reduced with this approach. Time to train is also improved, as the training is done at the speed most appropriate for each individual. I think this approach has great opportunity in the transportation industry. Much of what a driver needs to learn, for instance, is book work, not being behind the wheel driving the vehicle. In fact, some of the behind the wheel training can and should be done in a simulator that can safely simulate various emergency situations that might arise. Pilots are part of the transportation industry and do much of their training in this way. It maximizes the benefit of the time in the cockpit and could do the same for the time in the seat behind the wheel. For a technician, he/she could tear apart the engine, after-treatment, transmission, axle, or break in virtual/augmented reality for training and then demonstrate it in real life. It would save tremendously on the amount of up-to-date equipment that is needed for vocational training. Whether you call it virtual reality, augmented reality, mixed reality, (https://www.foundry.com/industries/virtual-reality/vr-mr-ar-confused or https://futurism.com/images/vr-ar-and-mr-whats-the-difference-infographic-2/) as an industry, we need to be involved more than we are now. I noticed on the Wingnut AR demo for the Apple announcement that they had a way to simply drag and drop items onto the scene. As an industry, we could be developing the standardized part descriptions for gears, valves, connectors, wires, brackets, pistons, rings, etc. That would make it easy for computer based learning in the near future. That's my call to action. Let's get started creating the virtual components that reflect real-world parts that will be needed.  Perception is Reality! Let's get the next generation excited about learning to work productively in the transportation industry. Let's get military personnel teaming together, using some of the computer based training techniques that they have used. Transportation careers are limitless and fun. Let's convince people of that. Without transportation, we don't get food, clothing, drinks, entertainment or vacation trips. It's all about PR! Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles It's all about how you deal with people Trimble acquisition of PeopleNet “all about growth” says COO Omnitracs: All about seeing where trucking is going Data for all CSA 2010 is all about reducing crash risk Advertisement Current Issue Passing Inspections Alt Fuels: Alive and well Battling Fatigue CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE FREE INFORMATION FROM OUR ADVERTISERS   Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Resource Centers Hungry for more? Visit our Resource Centers for more! Advertisement FleetOwner.com News Equipment Fleet Management Fuel Regulations Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Fleet Owner Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search FleetOwner.com Search: FleetOwner Magazine FleetOwner Related Sites American Trucker FleetSeek Trailer-Body Builders Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
147686468041 You are viewing the current article design. GO TO NEW DESIGN Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 61° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Circus Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Father's Day Beaches Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Vitamin World stands on its own since NBTY sale Updated June 9, 2017 6:00 AM By Aisha Al-Muslim  aisha.al-muslim@newsday.com Reprints + - An employee rings up a customer at the Vitamin World storefront at the Smith Haven Mall on May, 17, 2017. Photo Credit: Johnny Milano advertisement | advertise on newsday Vitamin World, the Holbrook-based retail chain formerly owned by NBTY Inc., has learned in the past 16 months the excitement and stress of being on its own. The retailer was sold in February 2016 by Ronkonkoma-based vitamin and dietary supplement company NBTY, since renamed Nature’s Bounty, to a Manhattan-based private equity firm for about $25 million. The investment firm, Centre Lane Partners LLC, owns 90 percent of Vitamin World and the remaining 10 percent is owned by Vitamin World executives. Most Popular Deadline nears for LI lender to appeal foreclosure loss Report: Average salary on LI is $56,670 Health insurers request big increases in NY Only 1 LI company makes Fortune 500 list Clare Rose dropped as beer distributor for Belmont Stakes In effect, Vitamin World became a new company with a nearly 40-year-old brand. The specialty retailer had to build a corporate team, establish a business operating process from scratch, and find new manufacturers for its private-label products. “We basically had to separate from them,” Vitamin World’s president and chief executive Michael Madden said. “That is like mom and dad suddenly kicks you out of the house, and all you got is your clothes and your car, and you have to say, ‘OK, where am I going to live?’ ” Business60 chain store openings on LI Moreover, the separation occurred at a time when the major players in the $41 billion vitamins, supplements and sports-nutrition industry, such as GNC and Vitamin Shoppe, have been under pressure from discount and online retail competitors, and from studies critical of supplements’ contents and effectiveness. advertisement | advertise on newsday But standing on its own has invigorated Vitamin World, Madden said. “I actually thank NBTY every day for letting us go,” he said. “Because now we can be a self-standing entity and actually grow and become a retailer like we are, instead of being an extension of a manufacturer.” A newly formed company “creates a lot of autonomy and less bureaucracy” than a publicly traded company, said Gary Swiman, president of Compass Regulatory and Compliance Advisers, an affiliate of Jericho-based Grassi & Co. that provides consulting and other services to financial firms. There is also “a lot fewer levels of management, and it invigorates the employees.” Started with a kiosk in 1976 BusinessWhich 50 retailers did Americans spend the most money at? Vitamin World, a retailer of vitamins, nutritional supplements, sports nutrition and beauty products in the United States, began in 1976 with a kiosk in upstate Williamsville. The company was incorporated and owned by Nature’s Bounty since 1977. Tweets from https://twitter.com/NewsdayBiz/lists/newsday-biz-staff It sells its products, such as its popular Joint Soother supplement and store brand multivitamins, through its 339 retail stores and online. Last year, Nature’s Bounty said it was selling Vitamin World to focus on its United Kingdom-based health and wellness retail chain, Holland & Barrett. Nature’s Bounty, which manufactures Nature’s Bounty brand vitamins and Puritan’s Pride brand supplements, among others, also planned to shrink its contract manufacturing and private-label business. “Our strategic focus is squarely on building our brands,” Nature’s Bounty spokeswoman Jodi Katz said last week. Vitamin World CEO Michael Madden, seen at the Smith Haven Mall's Vitamin World store on May 17, 2017, says, "I actually thank NBTY see note at top/sm every day for letting us ??refs to who? the execs or Vitamin World?/sm/The entire company, seems clear from context/McG// go." Photo Credit: Vitamin World CEO Michael Madden, seen at the Smith Haven Mall’s Vitamin World store on May 17, 2017, says, “I actually thank NBTY every day for letting us go.” Madden, a corporate turnaround expert, was hired as president and chief executive of Vitamin World in May 2016. He had spent more than 40 years in retail, including: 13 years with Toys R Us where he served as president of U.S. operations; two years as president and chief operating officer of entertainment retailer Trans World Entertainment; three years with entertainment retailer Musicland as president and chief operating officer; and five years as chief executive at national distributor Argix Logistics. advertisement | advertise on newsday In 2011 he decided to retire from Argix because he was fighting cancer and had a brother who had brain cancer. After beating the cancer, he ran his own consulting company to help troubled businesses. “Every now and then I would get a call, somebody was in trouble and they would ask me to come in as an interim CEO to help things turn around,” Madden said. Turnaround experts such as Madden normally get hired when a company is facing financial trouble, said Robert Devine, consulting partner of Grassi & Co. who runs the Grassi Performance Institute. They assess the financial status of a company and make suggestions about changes to personnel and corporate strategy. Vitamin World’s sales decreased nearly 11 percent to $208.1 million in fiscal year 2015 from its recent peak of $233.5 million in fiscal 2013, largely due to store closures, lower same-store sales, and declining mall traffic. Six years ago, Vitamin World operated 443 stores. Until last year, Vitamin World’s financial results were public because Nature’s Bounty had debt that was publicly traded. It stopped reporting its financial results when Nature’s Bounty refinanced its debt. Vitamin World executives declined to disclose the company’s most recent revenue. advertisement | advertise on newsday Layoffs, store closures After the separation from Nature’s Bounty, Vitamin World laid off 140 people, the vast majority was tied to the closure of 50 underperforming stores. The company now has about 1,500 employees, including 91 working in its Holbrook headquarters. For Karen Noebel, who worked for Nature’s Bounty for 23 years, including 14 at Vitamin World, having new bosses was unnerving. “When the split came I was a little sad . . . because I am leaving my life as I know it,” said Noebel of Nesconset, Vitamin World’s customer relationship manager. “But with a little bit of time, then I started to feel good about the change. I mean, we were finding our own way. It’s really exciting.” Vitamin World brought in several executives to fill roles that didn’t exist previously, including chief merchandising officer — a position filled by Vincent Mariani, former senior vice president of retail operations of GNC — and a chief financial officer, chief operating officer, information technology officer and supply chain officer. The company also created in-house teams for marketing, e-commerce, production, merchandising, customer service and human resources. The downside of being bought by private equity firms is that because they look to monetize their investment within eight or 10 years, “in some sense you are always for sale,” Swiman said. “You don’t have the stability to always be owned by the same company.” To raise funds for reinvesting in the business, Vitamin World sold its 10.92-acre property at 4320 Veterans Memorial Hwy. in Holbrook in December 2016 for $16.55 million to Fairfield, New Jersey-based real estate firm Accordia Realty Ventures, according to the company and property records. In return, Vitamin World signed a lease for the building that expires in February 2018. The company will relocate its headquarters within a 5-mile radius, Madden said. Nature’s Bounty has been manufacturing Vitamin World’s more than 670 store-brand products as part of a two-year agreement that ends in February 2018. Vitamin World has since found seven new manufacturers that are producing its capsules, tablets and powders, and it plans to stop using Nature’s Bounty by September. Vitamin World will continue to carry Nature’s Bounty’s products, such as Doctor Organic beauty products, in its stores. Competition While Vitamin World is trying to find its footing as a stand-alone retailer, it continues to face competition from GNC with its nearly 9,000 locations globally, and Vitamin Shoppe with its more than 700 stores. Vitamin World is the No. 3 player in the marketplace. GNC, Vitamin Shoppe and Vitamin World are feeling competition from retailers such as Walmart, Target, BJ’s Wholesale Club, Costco Wholesale and Amazon, experts said. The nutritional supplement market has also been hit with bad publicity about its products. In February 2015, New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman ordered Walmart, Walgreens, Target and GNC stores to pull store-brand herbal supplements off their shelves after DNA tests showed few or none of the listed herbs were in the products. The findings included Nature’s Bounty-manufactured supplements sold at Walgreens and Walmart. “Any talks of regulation or flawed ingredients can affect the whole industry,” said Seema Shah, a senior retail analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. Last year, Nature’s Bounty and others reached an agreement with the attorney general to implement new quality control measures for its herbal supplements. “The number-one focus is to ensure that the customers know that our products are of the highest quality ingredients,” Vitamin World chief merchandising officer Mariani said. “We have rigorous testing methods . . . to meet label claims.” Veronika Ilyuk, a marketing professor at Hofstra University whose expertise is in the health and well-being industries, said consumers won’t be completely turned off by bad news: “A lot of consumers experience these products in a placebo way. We feel and see results that may not really be there . . . Of course, they have some kind of beneficial impact.” Despite the challenges, the industry has been growing at an annual average of 6 percent, with sports nutrition and meal replacements the fastest growing categories. The industry is boosted by an aging population and growing numbers of people interested in health and fitness. “Consumers today are investing in preventative health care,” Ilyuk said. “They want to prevent illness in the first place, not when it arises. People are more health-conscious. People are also living longer, and that fuels consumption of vitamins and health supplements.” Store openings Vitamin World argues it’s in a better position than its competitors. “We are in health, wellness and then sports business,” Madden said. “When we look at our customers . . . 53 percent of our business comes from females. In a lot of cases, they are the decision makers of the family as well . . . Health and wellness is the first thing they are looking at.” Vitamin World plans to open up to seven more stores in the United States by next year. It also plans to expand into China with the help of a local partner that can help it distribute its products to pharmacies and eventually to discounters, as well as sell online. It is part of the company’s effort to target Chinese consumers, because executives noticed that many of its customers at outlet stores are Chinese tourists. “They love American products because they know of the quality and the control that is in there,” Madden said. “We see this as an international business.” CORRECTION: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulates dietary supplements and their ingredients under a different set of regulations than those covering conventional food and drugs. An earlier version of this story misstated the FDA’s role in regulating supplements. At A Glance Company: Vitamin World Inc. Headquarters: Holbrook Founded: 1977 Store locations: 339 Employees: 1,500, including 91 in headquarters Revenue in fiscal 2015: $208.1 million Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Clare Rose dropped as beer distributor for Belmont Stakes Tech stocks slump, but Dow sets new high 1:15 Perception trailer Like it? Share it! By using this site, you agree to our Privacy policy. OK Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Circus Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Father's Day Beaches Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News lifestyle Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Fitness + Well-being 15 foods nutritionists keep in their fridges By Cynthia Sass, MPH, RD Published June 09, 2017 Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print  (iStock) Healthy eating is my foundation, and I like to think of a well-stocked fridge as pre-production for everyday life. Having the right mix of nutritious foods on hand helps me hit my daily target for veggies and fruit, and lets me throw together simple but balanced meals, so I don't ever have to rely on takeout. To stock up for the week, I shop at multiple spots, including my local farmer's markets, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, traditional supermarkets, and on amazon.com. I'd say I spend about $100 per week on groceries (some of the things I buy aren't pictured because I keep them in the pantry or freezer). But I rarely spend any money dining out. Below is a peek inside my fridge, and a list of my 15 essentials. Keep in mind that I don't eat gluten, dairy, soy, red meat, processed carbs, and refined sugar. I have an autoimmune condition, and avoiding these things makes helps me feel healthier and happier. But you may want to add some of my staples to your own shopping list. RELATED: How to Eat Slim in Your 20s, 30s, 40s, and 50s 1. Vegetable broth I use the broth to sauté veggies for dinner in place of extra virgin olive oil, when I want to include another healthy fat in the meal, like nuts or avocado. I also use this to make a quick stew or soup. I just sauté minced onions in extra virgin olive oil, add garlic, herbs, spices, and broth, bring to a quick boil, then reduce to a simmer, add more veggies and a scoop of steamed lentils or beans, and cook for an additional 10-15 minutes. 2. Dairy-free pesto I always keep a few jars of Seggiano's dairy-free pesto in the fridge ($10, amazon.com). I use it as a dip for raw veggies or toss it with greens, chickpeas, steamed broccoli, oven-roasted Brussels sprouts, fingerling potatoes, or spaghetti squash.    3. Chickpeas I oven roast them as a snack, add them to salads for plant-based protein and fiber, or use them to make my own homemade hummus. I also keep the liquid to make aquafaba. 4. Plant-based milks I usually keep three types of plant-based milks in the fridge: coconut milk, almond milk, and pea protein milk. These are typically used for smoothies, overnight oats, and golden milk. I also love to use plant-based milks in chia or avocado pudding (my current favorite treat), or to make mock “ice cream” mixed with fruit, chopped dark chocolate, spices or herbs, and nuts. Ripple, the pea protein milk, contains 8 grams of protein per cup, so I’ll use it when I want to bump up my protein intake without having to add a protein powder.  5. Canned tuna I always keep a can of sustainably-sourced tuna or salmon in the fridge (I like either Wild Planet, $31 at walmart.com; or Safe Catch, $30 at walmart.com). For another quick meal, I mix the tuna or salmon with a combination of organic balsamic vinegar, stone ground mustard, lemon juice, and Italian seasoning and serve over chopped kale with a small scoop of quinoa and half of an avocado. 6. Pastured eggs For a quick breakfast, lunch, or dinner, I’ll sauté veggies in the low-sodium organic vegetable broth, add eggs to scramble, and serve with half of an avocado. When I have more time I also make a crust-less veggie frittata or quiche.  7. Fresh veggies I try to mix it up, but right now I have kale, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, green beans, zucchini, cucumbers, and carrots. I eat veggies with every meal, and snack on raw veggies by dipping them in hummus, guacamole, or pesto. I also use cucumbers to infuse my water with added flavor. 8. Guacamole cups I eat a lot of fresh avocado and homemade guac, but I keep individual cups of Wholly Guacamole (available at Walmart) in the fridge as a back-up, or for when I’m taking guac and veggies on the go. 9. Hummus I enjoy making my own hummus, but I typically keep a store-bought version in the fridge—I like Hope brand ($60 for 8-pack, amazon.com) for when I’m pressed for time. Guac and hummus are great vehicles for eating more veggies. I never keep chips or crackers around because I love scooping up hummus with cucumber, carrots, red bell pepper, or broccoli florets.  RELATED: 17 High-Protein Snacks You Can Eat On the Go 10. Sauerkraut For gut health, I keep some type of fermented plant-based food—sometimes kimchi, but currently sauerkraut (available at health food stores)—in my fridge. I’ll add the kraut to a salad, add a layer to hummus to scoop up with veggies, serve it as a side with dinner, or just eat it by itself. 11. Apple cider vinegar I use Bragg brand organic raw apple cider vinegar ($7, amazon.com) to make a drink with organic honey, lemon, ginger, turmeric, black pepper, and water—or just the honey and water if I’m having golden milk. (To learn more about the buzzy vinegar, check out "These Are The Real Benefits of Apple Cider Vinegar.") 12. Sparkling water While I prefer flat water these days, I keep some sparkling on hand, especially for guests. It’s nice to serve in a fancy glass with a few mashed berries, or some fresh grated ginger and a slice of fresh pineapple. 13. Water-filtering pitcher I try to drink one pitcher per day. When I'm leaving home, I fill my stainless steel S'well bottle from the pitcher. To get our best nutrition tips delivered to you inbox, sign up for the Healthy Living newsletter 14. Probiotic supplement Along with a fermented food like kimchi or sauerkraut, I take a daily probiotic from Nature's Way ($30, amazon.com) to promote gut health. 15. Fresh fruit As with vegetables, I aim for a variety. Currently, my fridge is stocked with blueberries and blackberries, pineapple, cantaloupe, and lemon. I eat fruit with breakfast every day and as a snack along with nuts, seeds, or olives. Ginger root and lemon make great water enhancers, too. Cynthia Sass is Health’s contributing nutrition editor, a New York Times best-selling author, and a consultant for the New York Yankees. This article originally appeared on Health.com. Advertisement Trending in Lifestyle Fitness blogger reveals truth behind staged social media photos Woman loses 103 pounds to get back at cheating husband and his mistress 15 foods nutritionists keep in their fridges Aly Raisman shares inspiring message about body confidence on Instagram Can drinking apple cider vinegar lead to weight loss? Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Hot Topics: Penrose House Fire Leo H. Hutchinson Murder Fatal Westcliffe Accident Street Improvements Sheriff's Office E-Edition News Tips Print   Email   Font Resize Florence Florence's Koinonia Village presentation slated for July 24 By Carie Canterbury The Daily Record Posted:   06/08/2017 10:08:25 PM MDT Click photo to enlarge A 'tiny home' in the Community First! Village in Austin, Texas. « 1 2 » FLORENCE — Pastors Jeff and Dawn Ward of the Wellspring Church in Florence have been working to inform the community on Koinonia Village, a proposed tiny home village in Florence, but they are finding there are a lot of misnomers, especially pertaining to what the face of homelessness really looks like in Fremont County. Koinonia Village would be established by the Wellspring Church, with the intent that it become a stand-alone 501 c 3 entity, with its own employees, on-site staff and board of directors. The church property sits on four acres of land off Colo. 67, and the five acres west of the church on the north side of Victory Lane would be designated for Koinonia Village. The first phase is proposed to include 20 tiny homes. Koinonia means community established around fellowship, which means staff and volunteers will be walking through day-to-day life with the residents. Koinonia Village will not be a drug rehabilitation facility, as some may have believed. However, for residents needing support of any kind, wrap-around services will be offered through the supports and services already established in Fremont County. As part of the wrap-around services, Koinonia Village hopes to work with agencies and organizations such as the Department of Human Services, Solvista Health, Rocky Mountain Behavioral Health, Loaves and Fishes, Council of Governments, law enforcement, St. Thomas More Hospital and other local physicians, and others. Advertisement Dawn Ward said it's important people understand that not all residents at Koinonia Village will be felons, addicts or unwilling to work. "It's for homeless, vulnerable and displaced," she said. The demographic will include 10 percent emancipated youth, 20 percent veterans, 20 percent missionary or staff members and 50 percent for families, single individuals or couples, including senior citizens. "The stories are so vast of how people have come into such states vulnerability," Ward said. "Of late, we've dealt with quite a few single moms with kids, and they can't find a place to live. In the last two months, we've worked with three moms we could not find housing for, and these moms did not struggle with addictions." Volunteers with the Wellspring Church have seen firsthand the potential demographic of what residents of Koinonia Village could be during their bi-monthly soup kitchens in Florence and the monthly free "Laundry of Love." The soup kitchen has fed up to 75 people in a day, and 24 people equating to 80 loads of laundry took part in the last laundry event. The homeless and vulnerable in Fremont County are living in such places as a campground (some with no restroom facilities), cars, chicken coops, garages, campers on private property and simply in tents in random areas, Ward said. Others live in the parking lot at Walmart and use their restrooms. "I have met people in their 70s that are homeless, and they're not addicts," she said. "They are just senior citizens that can't afford the rent — they're living in their vehicles and have fallen on misfortune in some way, such as whether it be medical conditions or a fractured relationship." Other misnomers the Wards have heard is that this will attract more homeless individuals to the area and that the legalization of marijuana is bringing them here. "I have not found that to be the case," she said. Sex offenders and any type of illegal behavior will not be allowed, and all potential residents will go through an application process and background check. She said between Loaves and Fishes, New Creations, Journey Home and Koinonia Village, Fremont County can overcome the problem of homelessness. Koinonia Village is a helping "hand up," not a hand out, providing affordable rent or voucher-based housing, structured support and encouragement as residents are working on reestablishing their lives to encourage the truth that they can be contributing members to their community volunteering both within Koinonia and the greater community that Koinonia inhabits. "Everyone needs purpose and to understand that they have one, we want to help residents to see and realize that they matter," Ward said. "It's about rebuilding dignity in peoples' lives and removing the stigma of shame." The Wards have been in discussions with Florence city administrators for several months, discussing how to go about gaining city council approval and rezoning the property. Currently, the board of directors is being formed, and the Wards are hoping to find individuals with expertise in the following fields: realty, accounting, legal, mental health, addiction recovery and health. The public is invited to a presentation at 6 p.m. July 24 at the Wellspring Church at 950 Victory Lane in Florence. Anyone wishing to learn more about serving on the board of directors, or those who would like to schedule a presentation for their group, may call 719-369-0873. Carie Canterbury: 719-276-7643, canterburyc@canoncitydailyrecord.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Over The River, envisioned in 1992, put to an end earlier this year Colorado Bureau of Investigation opens second investigation into former Fremont County Sheriff's Office Lt. Robert Dodd Heroin-involved deaths in Fremont County increases   placeholder POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Share 10 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-09 Johnny Depp An Eternal Heartthrob? From Clint Eastwood To One Direction, Why Hot Men Inspire Loyalty [Opinion] Entertainment 2017-06-09 From ‘Neverending Story’ To Paper Canoe Company, Tami Stronach Continues To Inspire And Create Art [Exclusive] Entertainment 2017-06-09 ‘Dance Moms’ Chloe Lukasiak Celebrates 16th Birthday, Hints On Returning To Her ‘Dance Roots’ Entertainment 2017-06-09 ‘Orange Is The New Black’ Could End In Season 7, Jenji Kohan Says News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-10 Bill Clinton ‘Son’ Verified By Twitter: Danney Williams Vindicated? News 2017-06-09 Chemical Fire Engulfs Anaheim Business Near Disneyland News 2017-06-09 ‘Not Guilty’ Verdict For Man Who Blamed Sex Attack Of Bikini Model On Sleepwalking Habit News 2017-06-09 Fans Pay Tribute To Fan Favorite Poussey Washington As Season 5 Of ‘Orange Is The New Black’ Hits Netlfix Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-09 WWE Rumors: Seth Rollins Wants The Undertaker In ‘WrestleMania’ Match But Will It Happen? Baseball 2017-06-09 Seattle Mariners Trade Rumors: Are Miami Marlins Pitchers A Good Fit In Seattle? Basketball 2017-06-09 Is The Kardashian ‘Curse’ Sabotaging The Cavs? Sports 2017-06-09 Watch England Vs. Australia Cricket Live Stream: Start Time — Bangladesh Champions Trophy Fate Hinges On Match Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-08 National Best Friends Day: Top Songs To Celebrate With Your BFF [Video] Lifestyle 2017-06-08 Powerball Jackpot Rolls To $435 Million, Watch Powerball Drawing And Check Winning Numbers [Video] Lifestyle 2017-06-08 When Is Father’s Day 2017 And Who Started The Holiday? Lifestyle 2017-06-07 Will Bill Murray’s Next Role Be BBQ Dad? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-09 Study Shows Pet Dogs Provide Health Benefits For Seniors, Which Dog Breeds Are Best For The Elderly? Health 2017-06-08 Dangerous New Weight-Loss Trend: ‘Sleeping Beauty Diet’ Health 2017-06-07 Animal Testing Suggests Anti-Heroin Vaccine Could Prevent Addicts From Relapsing Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-09 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Xbox One Update Rolls With ATVs, Painting, Toilets, And More While PS4 Is Delayed Gaming 2017-06-09 ‘Destiny 2’ New ‘Freedom’ Weapon System Explained By Bungie Technology 2017-06-09 MacBook Pro 2017 Vs. MBP 2016: Better Chips, Graphics, But The Same Everywhere Else Technology 2017-06-08 iOS 11’s Best Minor Features That Will Be Useful In Your Daily Lives BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-10 Model Amber Rose Bares It All On Social Media To Promote Annual SlutWalk Gathering BuzzWorthy 2017-06-09 Princess Diana Talked About Her Failing Marriage To Charles & His Affair With Camilla In Secret Audio Tapes BuzzWorthy 2017-06-09 Princess Diana’s Secret Audio Tapes Reveal How Her Bulimia Started After Charles Called Her ‘Chubby’ BuzzWorthy 2017-06-09 Texting While Walking Accident: Video Shows Woman In New Jersey Falling Over Open Sidewalk Basement Doors SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The Weeknd’s ‘Dad Bod’ Called Into Question By Fans After Date Night With Selena Gomez Celebrity News 10 0 0 June 9, 2017 The Weeknd’s ‘Dad Bod’ Called Into Question By Fans After Date Night With Selena Gomez Carrie Parker Selena Gomez may be turning heads lately with her gorgeous date night looks, but The Weeknd has people talking for a slightly less attractive reason. According to some fans, the 27-year-old singer has the ultimate “dad bod,” and they have no idea how he managed to land a girl like Selena. TMZ reported on a recent date night The Weeknd and Gomez enjoyed together while in New York City. Selena was spotted wearing a form-fitting silk gown, while her beau wore his signature black skinny jeans and oversized shirt completed with a designer jacket. “The couple stepped out Monday night dressed to the nines — more so Selena, but Abel was rocking a sweet jacket too — as they did dinner at famed Italian restaurant RAO’s.” Readers did not hold back when commenting on the article as they stated The Weeknd, real name Abel Tesfaye, has what some call a “dad bod.” One reader questioned what Abel looks like under all the baggy shirts he is typically wearing, and another chimed in with their opinion. “I’m sure it’s HORRIBLE. He has a DAD BOD at a young age.” Ouch. Indeed, the “Starboy” singer usually opts for oversized shirts that may leave fans wondering what kind of shape he is in currently. these two ⚡️ A post shared by Wolfe & Grace (@wolfeandgraceboutique) on Jun 8, 2017 at 10:39pm PDT While some readers called out Abel’s “dad bod,” others questioned how he even landed Selena in the first place. After all, Gomez is one of the most popular celebrities on Instagram and is constantly making headlines for her flawless looks. One reader stated the romance won’t last long as the pair doesn’t seem to be on the same level fashion-wise. “She is dressed for the bedroom while he’s dressed for a foosball game, it will last for about two minutes. What is she thinking, oh wait! Trophy wives swag.” Another commenter brought attention to the couple’s lack of “wardrobe coordination” as Tesfaye continues to sport his signature baggy clothing while Gomez stuns in designer gowns. “These two are so mismatched. She always looks like she’s going to a red carpet event while he wears sweats like he’s going to Walmart. They need to do some more wardrobe coordination.” However, Vogue seems to disagree with fans as the fashion site claims The Weeknd and Selena “consciously coordinate” their outfits. A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Apr 15, 2017 at 6:04pm PDT “The common thread between each outing is a consciously coordinated approach to dress that often takes the form of accessories, such as tinted sunglasses or fashion-forward sneakers.” The article went on to say the couple’s New York date night outfits also appeared coordinated despite some fans saying otherwise. “Just yesterday, they were seen wearing his and hers looks, both drawn from a monochromatic palette, while leaving Rao’s, an upscale Italian restaurant in East Harlem.” Despite Gomez being a bit more dressed up than Tesfaye, Vogue calls their dinner attire coordinated as the black-and-white looks complimented one another. The site even went as far as to say The Weeknd looked the part as he styled his casual outfit with a bold jacket. [Image by Kevin Winter/Getty Images] “For his part, The Weeknd matched his black-and-white bomber jacket to the shades of his girlfriend’s dress. The bold pattern popped against his all-black outfit, and smartly, he laced into sleek gray suede sneakers to anchor the moment.” It seems Vogue thinks a bit more highly of Abel’s sense of style than some commenters as the fashion site applauds his and Selena’s ability to coordinate. While some may not agree with the pair’s outfit choices, one thing for certain is how happy they appear to be. Dad bod or not, The Weeknd looks quite content with his girlfriend and baggy shirts. What do you think of The Weeknd and Selena Gomez’s style? Does he wear oversized shirts to hide his “dad bod?” [Featured Image by Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images] Now Read This: Miranda Lambert Unaffected By Blake Shelton’s Song? Singer Shares Photos Of Anderson East Share 10 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Carrie Parker Tags: selena gomez, the weeknd June 4, 2017 One Love Manchester Concert Proves Love Can Rule Us All Vs. The Hate And Fear Mechanism Of Trump Era [Opinion] June 1, 2017 ‘The Flash’ Season 4 Villain Revealed — Discover Who ‘The Thinker’ Is Comments LATEST HEADLINES Zoe Saldana Joins Forces With Sia And Julianne Moore To Fight For An End To HIV Model Amber Rose Bares It All On Social Media To Promote Annual SlutWalk Gathering Alaskan Bush People Update: Matt Brown Recovers From Freak Accident, Noah To Get Married? Virginia’s Open Primary: Progressive Democrats Hope To Shift The Party With Tuesday Wins Donald Trump Impeachment For Ditching Paris Climate Change Agreement: Law Professor Original ‘Scream 3’ Script Was Rejected, Now Turned Into A TV Show Bill Clinton ‘Son’ Verified By Twitter: Danney Williams Vindicated? Princess Diana Talked About Her Failing Marriage To Charles & His Affair With Camilla In Secret Audio Tapes ‘Return To Amish’ Couple Jeremiah And Carmela Raber Back Together, Photo Suggests Kylie Jenner Steps Out Makeup-Free In $60 Sweatpants, Faces Backlash For ‘Copying’ Camouflage Collection Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories WWE Can Save ‘Raw’ Right Now By Reuniting The Shield, And They’ve Already Set Up Their Return [Opinion] 18k 0 0 ‘Making A Murderer’ Lawyer Alleges Ex-Boyfriend Of Halbach Was Murderer [Breaking] 10.2k 0 0 Little Mix Slammed For Performing ‘Half Naked’ During Charity Concert 6.3k 0 0 Kendall Jenner Shares Bikini Picture By The Pool— Is That A$AP Rocky Hiding Under A Towel? 1.4k 0 0 True Wonder Woman: Gal Gadot’s Personal Reply To A Seven-Year-Old Fan Who Sent Her A Handwritten Letter 4.2k 0 0 Neil White, Husband Of NBC VP, Chokes Seven-Year-Old Daughter To Death In Her Bed 4.1k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards Environmental Top 50 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Top 50 To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now SmithField Foods Says Now is the Time to Pump More Money Into Sustainability June 8, 2017June 8, 2017 by Ken Silverstein SmithField Foods has 45 processing facilities and 1,600 farms with which it contracts. The environment, food safety and animal care are pillars of the pork-maker’s corporate mission. It has goals, process and procedures to ensure each is given its highest level of attention. “We look at the broader value our efforts bring about. The dollars are soft. But there is a bottom line impact: People, planet and profit are alive within SmithField,” William Gill, vice president of environmental affairs at SmithField Foods, told an Environmental Leader audience. “The way our pillars work together brings everyone into sustainability.” For example, it has a significant amount of byproduct in the form of manure. It uses an anaerobic digester that breaks it down to form a biogas, which is then combusted to create electricity and heat. It can also be processed into a natural gas and moved along the pipelines.  He says that the food maker’s customers want greenhouse gas goals in place. Who are they? The guys at WalMart and McDonalds, to name two. Both are deeply committed to sustainability and are demanding that their supply chains meet certain goals. Recently SmithField said it would improve its greenhouse gas goals by 25% by 2025. Regarding the anaerobic digester, “If we can take that and convert to energy, we get a 20-fold improvement … If people turn away from because of the way we do business, we will look at that.” What about the change in presidential administrations? Gill said that the company is pursuing initiatives that are good for it and its customers regardless of who occupies the White House. The Trump administration “is not favorable to the environment and sustainability but it is favorable to business,” says Gill. “The management of our company says we are in a good business climate and we are not in a position of having to worry about whether our managers will cut my budget,” he adds. “We are looking forward to a good business environment. We can easily make sustainability better and now is an opportunity to pump more money into the cause.” Categories Air, Clean Energy, FeatureTags Smithfield Foods Approaches to Managing EHS&S Data Sponsored By: Enablon    Four Key Questions to Ask Before Your Next Energy Purchase Sponsored By: EnerNOC, Inc.    The New Energy Future - Challenges and Opportunities in Corporate Energy Management Sponsored By: Edison Energy    Leveraging EHS Software in Support of Culture Changes Sponsored By: VelocityEHS    Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Driving Consistency to Support Risk Assessment Aggregation Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars Shaping Your Facility Information Management Strategy to Comply... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS ON DEMAND WEBINARS Shaping Your Facility Information Management Strategy to Comply with the Refinery Flare Rule The EHS Manager’s Priorities in 2017: Predict and Prevent From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the Redundancies and Inefficiencies of Independent EHS Systems What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations as a New Administration Takes Control of our Nation’s Energy Policy? Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information System (EMIS) See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science Connect with us Morning News USA Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science Get Ready For The Krispy Kreme Coffee Spread Share Tweet An Easy How-To Guide on Using Google Analytics to Track Email Campaigns Starbucks Has A New Pink Drink And It’s Ombre Good! 12-Year-Old Girl Saves A Younger Neighbor From Getting Abducted Students Spot Dead Body During School Bus Ride, School Now Looking For Signs Of Trauma Krispy Kreme Facebook Food Get Ready For The Krispy Kreme Coffee Spread By Jennifer Ong Published on May 26, 2017 Share Tweet Comment It’s coffee but as a spread. And some say, it might just be good enough to replace the Nutella you slather on your toast for breakfast. News about Krispy Kreme’s upcoming coffee product spread fast thanks to Instagram user junkbanter. He posted a photo of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts jar called Coffee Spread. Underneath, it also says “Coffee & Hazelnut Blend.” That only means one thing. Krispy Kreme has found a delicious way to blend together bittersweet coffee with irresistible ground hazelnuts. Another thing that’s intriguing about this rumored product is its flavor. The photo clearly shows that the bottle is labeled Caramel Macchiato. And everyone knows that coffee plus hazelnut plus caramel macchiato is equal to love. For the moment though, you just need to contain your excitement. The truth is Krispy Kreme is yet to announce the product officially. That also means there is no word yet on when it will become available. On the other hand, a report from Food & Wine reveals that the coffee spread is supposed to make a debut across Walmart stores within the year. Other than this tidbit, however, there is no other information available. Krispy Kreme is getting ready to celebrate National Doughnut Day. Meanwhile, if you can’t get enough of Krispy Kreme, there’s another good news for you. The donut giant will soon be offering free donuts in celebration of National Doughnut Day on June 2. “National Doughnut Day is one of our favorite days because we choose to celebrate each customer’s individually sweet experience with our brand,” Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Chief Marketing Officer Jackie Woodward said in a recent statement. “When everyone is able to participate by enjoying a Krispy Kreme doughnut of their choice for free, the experience is truly priceless.” During National Doughnut Day, Krispy Kreme can choose to enjoy their favorite donut flavors. It can be the classic Original Glazed or other special flavors including the Strawberry Iced Doughnut, Chocolate Iced Kreme Filled Doughnut and more. Just remember that the flavors being offered will depend on shop availability. Krispy Kreme will be holding its National Doughnut Day promo across participating shops in both the U.S. and Canada. Enjoy! Move over, cups. From now on I lick my coffee off a spoon! — Ok not now, but whenever this releases at Walmart later this year. #sse17 A post shared by JunkBanter.com 🍫🍺💪🏼 (@junkbanter) on May 24, 2017 at 7:07am PDT ALSO READ: Election 2016 Freebies – Free Krispy Kreme, Coffee And Pizza Too After Voting Liked this story? Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more updates on America. Continue Reading You may also like... An Easy How-To Guide on Using Google Analytics to Track Email Campaigns Starbucks Has A New Pink Drink And It’s Ombre Good! 12-Year-Old Girl Saves A Younger Neighbor From Getting Abducted Students Spot Dead Body During School Bus Ride, School Now Looking For Signs Of Trauma Related Topics:featured About Jennifer Ong Jennifer Ong has been covering and writing stories since 1998. Over the years, she has worked on stories on business, health, lifestyle, entertainment and travel. She has also previously written shows for television. When she's not on the job, she enjoys wine and Formula 1. More in Food Food Starbucks Has A New Pink Drink And It’s Ombre Good! By Jennifer OngMay 26, 2017 Who needs the Unicorn Frappuccino when there’s something new and pink in the Starbucks secret menu?... Food Dunkin’ Donuts Is Set To Release Two New Fun Donut Flavors By Jennifer OngMay 24, 2017 If you haven’t had enough of Dunkin’ Donuts yet, here’s a good reason to stop by... Food Dominique Ansel Kitchen Set To Reopen Hit Soft Serve Ice Cream Window By Jennifer OngMay 24, 2017 Yes, you’re not imagining things. Dominique Ansel Kitchen will soon be reopening its soft serve ice... Good News Good News Service Dog Gets A Spot In High School Yearbook With His Human By Jennifer OngMay 25, 2017 Good News Foster Child Beats The Odds, Graduates From College By Jennifer OngMay 23, 2017 MNU EXCLUSIVES Editor’s Pick Maritime Bhangra Group: Canada-Based Indian Dance Group Raised Money For ALS & Breast Cancer Victims By Pritha PaulDecember 29, 2016 People Yevette Vasquez Is One Of The Most Inspiring Mothers Of 2016 By Debleena SarkarDecember 23, 2016 Sports Nike LeBron 13 Review: Find Out If It’s Worth The Cop At Discount Price By Arvin MatthewDecember 15, 2016 We've Got Good News Home About Us Contact Us Meet the team Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All rights reserved. To Top
Saturday, June 10th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Cavs avoid elimination 12:12 a.m. Sat Salinas knocks out Vargas 11:57 p.m. Fri Encarnacion homers as Tribe wins 11:16 p.m. Fri Marlins pound Pirates 10:55 p.m. Fri Selective admission driving YSU's upward enr... 10:55 p.m. Fri 3 break-ins leaves Bessie Jackson, 81, stea... 10:55 p.m. Fri all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home METRO DIGEST || 9 become citizens Thursday | Print Tweet Published: Fri, June 9, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. 9 become citizens YOUNGSTOWN Nine people became U.S. citizens in a Thursday naturalization ceremony before Judge Lou A. D’Apolito of Mahoning County Common Pleas Court. A Youngstown resident originating from Yemen did not wish to be named. The other new citizens, their countries of origin and current hometowns are: Atem Ajong Fontem, Cameroon, Youngstown; Mireille Antoun Elisse, Canada, Poland; Peter Zindi, Zimbabwe, Boardman; Ghassan Mohamad Rajeh, Lebanon, Youngstown; Anna Louise Aey, United Kingdom, Canfield; Michael Edward Fawcett, Canada, Youngstown; Arno Kurt Hess, Germany, Liberty; and Firdevs Gulenay Ozcan, Turkey, Youngstown. Tire recycling set YOUNGSTOWN A countywide tire recycling drive will take place from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at the Covelli Centre, 229 E. Front St. The first 10 passenger car tires will be accepted free of charge, the Mahoning County Recycling Division announced. Thereafter, the charge is $2 per passenger car tire. Charges vary by size and weight for truck and agricultural tires. Walk/run meeting YOUNGSTOWN The next planning and working meeting for the upcoming African-American Male Wellness Walk/Run is at 11:30 a.m. June 20 in the Cobbin Office Tower, 1350 Fifth Ave. The fifth-annual Mahoning Valley event will begin at 7 a.m. Aug. 12 at the Covelli Centre, 229 E. Front St. Health screenings will begin at 7 a.m., with the 5K walk/run to start about 9 a.m. To volunteer or for sponsorship opportunities, call 330-788-1696, or go to the www.aawalk.org. Book signing youngstown Barnes & Noble Booksellers, 381 Boardman-Poland Road, in the Shops at Boardman Park, presents a book signing for “A History of Jewish Youngstown and the Steel Valley” from 1 to 3 p.m. Saturday. Authors Joshua Foster, Thomas Welsh and Gordon F. Morgan will attend the event. Arcadia Publishing is the book’s publisher. Shoplifting charge BOARDMAN An Ohio State Penitentiary corrections officer faces a misdemeanor theft charge for purportedly shoplifting from the Walmart on Doral Drive. Charged is Julianna Stefek, 42, of Poland. She was arrested on a warrant Tuesday in the incident reported in May. According to a police report, Stefek paid for $24 worth of merchandise, but left with $71 worth of items. Stefek is on paid administrative leave from her job, according to The Vindicator’s broadcast partner 21 WFMJ-TV. Stadium closure BOARDMAN Boardman Stadium will be closed to the public from June 19 through Aug. 1 while construction crews replace the track. The board of education approved the $184,180 project May 22. The old Spartan Stadium behind Boardman Center Intermediate School at 7410 Market St. will be open for walkers to use while the stadium undergoes renovations. Road closure hartford Effective Monday through next Friday, Bushnell Campbell Road will be closed, between Spencer Clark Road and Everett Hull Road, due to culvert replacement, the Trumbull County Engineer’s Office announced. The recommended detour route is west on state Route 305, north on Warner Road and east on Bradley Brownlee Road. Other stories of interest East Sider, 81, refuses to let multiple break-ins break her DNC head accuses president of obstruction of justice YSU selectivity results in university success Opiate crisis increasing trauma for kids Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
null
null
SMI 8'847 0.4%  SPI 10'096 0.4%  Dow 21'272 0.4%  DAX 12'816 0.8%  Euro 1.0857 0.1%  EStoxx50 3'586 0.6%  Gold 1'266 -1.0%  Dollar 0.9694 0.0%  Öl 48.3 0.9%  SMI 8'847 0.4%  SPI 10'096 0.4%  Dow 21'272 0.4%  DAX 12'816 0.8%  Euro 1.0857 0.1%  EStoxx50 3'586 0.6%  Gold 1'266 -1.0%  Dollar 0.9694 0.0%  Öl 48.3 0.9%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal 09.06.2017 03:00:00 Retail Asia Expo 2017 Presents the Future of Retail - The Connected Shopper Experience Tweet A A Teilen Drucken HONG KONG, June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Many traditional retailers are staking their futures on omni-channel retailing to cater to a new generation of connected shoppers. Providing a seamless shopping experience in brick-and-mortar stores, combined with a variety of digital channels, is now a must to engage customers. The Connected Shopper Experience is the key for retailers to leverage their store assets and create that unique and highly sought-after destination shopping experience. Together with leading retail industry partners, the 9th annual Retail Asia Expo is set to return on 13 to 15 June 2017. Retail Asia Expo showcases the latest products and solutions helping retailers to stay ahead of the evolving retail experiences and the increasing demands of the connected shopper.     It's anticipated that more than 9,000 retailing professionals and over 180 exhibitors will come together at this years' Retail Asia Expo. A combination of awards, seminars, exhibitions and networking opportunities make this a must-attend event for all those interested in the future of retail. Stuart Bailey, Managing Director of Diversified Communications, organiser of Retail Asia Expo, said: "Today's retail environment is more complex and competitive than ever, only retailers who adapt will survive and only retailers who put their customer's needs at the centre of their strategy will flourish". Walk Through Customer Mindsets with the Retail Asia Trend Trail Making its exciting debut in 2017 is the Retail Asia Trend Trail. Created in association with our partner, leading retail and brand consultancy, FITCH, the Trend Trail is a one-of-a-kind exhibition experience. It identifies four universal shopper 'mindsets', each characterising the behaviours of shoppers across the world. Shoppers can exhibit any one of these four mindsets at any given moment, often switching from one to another in an instant, depending on the particular shopping mission and the stimuli around them. As visitors walk through the Trend Trail, they'll discover solutions directly targeting their customers' needs. Dreaming: In this mind state, shoppers actively look for new ideas and inspiration. They don't yet have fully defined needs and wants, and skip between categories and brands to find inspiration or learn something, and have fun while doing it. Exploring: Here, the shopper is open-minded but has a category-specific purchase intent. They may have a few options in mind but are open to suggestions to be influenced. They are looking to browse easily, find more information and narrow their choices down. Locating: In this mind state, shoppers look for a specific brand, product or service. They are often replenishing their usual stock, or already know the specific item they are looking for. They want things to be easy to find, welcome timely and relevant reminders, and want to feel reassured that they are making the right choice when it comes to things like price. Achieving: Is the practical conclusion of the shoppers journey– how they complete the transaction, the method of delivery and culminating in achieving the goal of delivering/acquiring the target of their desire. Through a series of exhibits including the very latest technology, visitors will enter the Expo through the Retail Asia Trend Trail's inspirational journey. 60+ FREE Seminars on Technology, Design and Marketing in Retail More than 60 FREE seminars will be held during the Expo, which cover the hottest industry topics, including an interactive shopping experience, e-commerce market entry for India, Indonesia and Malaysia, and how to boost higher sales growth with big-data. Industry-leading speakers include representatives from Baidu, Google, Intel, Malherbe Design and Benoy to name a few. Cross Border eCommerce Trends and Website Awards Leading global eCommerce platforms such as Amazon, JD.com, Walmart will be at the Expo to discuss their marketplaces and evolving trends. Driven by retailer demand and growing cross-border eCommerce, Retail Asia Expo is uniting the industry's most influential eCommerce platforms to explore the world's latest retail trends and develop new business opportunities in this dedicated zone. To recognise retailers that have raised the bar for user experience and achieved phenomenal sales growth, Retail Asia Expo will have the Top 10 eCommerce Website Awards Presentation Ceremony on 13 June, in partnership with GS1 Hong Kong. Speaking of the awards, last year's winner of the Top 10 eCommerce Website Award, Genevieve Chow, Development & eCommerce General Manager at Chow Sang Sang said, "It's not all about sales, but the enhancement of brand awareness and customer engagement. What we see is that our online retailing platform is really able to improve the shopping experience for our customers, which is always what we want to achieve". Explore Innovative Retail Solutions in the Startup Zone Bringing an extra burst of creativity to the floors of Retail Asia Expo, this all-new zone acts as a launchpad to educate, inspire and to showcase innovative products, services and great ideas. Retailers and investors can be first to see the hottest new solutions and uncover the trends that are gaining traction. Recognising Industry Leaders with High-Profile Awards On the evening of 13 June, the 2017 Hong Kong Retail Industry Trade Awards will be presented at the Retail Asia Expo Gala Dinner. The awards celebrate innovative leaders and their contribution to Hong Kong's retail sector in three categories: Industry Super Retailer, Young Retail Brand, and Community Retailer. A Co-located Conference for Retail Industry Leaders Held alongside Retail Asia Expo from 13-14 June, the Omni-Channel Retailing Conference is a platform for industry leaders to discuss strategies and share best practice and insights. Keynote speaker, Julie Mathers, is CEO and Founder of Flora & Fauna, Australia's largest vegan beauty and lifestyle store with growth of 500% year-on-year. Flora & Fauna was shortlisted as a finalist for Responsible Retailer of the Year in 2017 and Julie was recently recognised as one of the Top 50 People in Australian eCommerce. At the conference, Julie will tell us about how Flora & Fauna focuses on relationships for greater margins and builds customer advocacy through values and ethics. Other international speakers at the conference include: Mr. Giovanni Cirillo, Ecommerce Director I.T Apparel, China Mr. Zaheer Nooruddin, Head of Digital Transformation, Shiseido Hong Kong Ltd. Mr. Giovanni Musillo, Head of Brand Acquisition, Zalora Mr. Henry Bott, Head of Digital, Swire Properties Mr. Anson Bailey, Head of Consumer Markets, ASPAC, KPMG China Retail Asia Expo 2017 and the Omni-Channel Retailing Conference will be held at the Hong Kong Convention & Exhibition Centre from 13 to 15 June and 13 to 14 June, respectively. For more information about the events, please visit: www.retailasiaexpo.com Media Enquiries: Niko So Marketing Executive Tel: +852 3958 0529 Email: nso@divcom.com.hk   Visitor Enquiries: Noiz Chu Senior Marketing Executive Tel: +852 3958 0523 Email : noiz@retailasiaexpo.com   Exhibiting & Sponsorship Enquiries: Jeong Lee Event Director Tel: +852 3958 0550 Email : jlee@divcom.com.hk About Retail Asia Expo Retail Asia Expo is an annual trade show and conference catering to retailers in Asia Pacific. The award-winning exhibition consists of two focus areas: Retail Technology and Retail Design & In-Store Marketing. The Expo showcases solutions from over 180 local and international exhibitors and provides plenty of networking opportunities including seminars, a gala dinner, a cocktail reception, and retail awards. In 2016, the show attracted 8,633 visitors from 60 countries, representing over 3,300 companies and organisations. About Diversified Communications Diversified Communications (www.divcom.com.hk) is a leading international media company providing market access, education and information through global, national and regional face-to-face events, digital products and publications. Diversified serves a number of industries including: food and beverage, natural and organic, healthcare, commercial marine, technology and business management. Based in Portland, Maine, USA, Diversified has divisions in the Eastern United States, Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Singapore and the United Kingdom. In Hong Kong, Diversified Communications organises a growing portfolio of trade exhibitions and conferences including Restaurant & Bar Hong Kong, Seafood Expo Asia, Natural & Organic Products Asia, Retail Asia Expo, Omni Channel Retailing Conference, HR Summit & Expo Hong Kong, Learning & Teaching Expo, and Asia-Pacific International Conference. All the events embrace an established relationship with key suppliers and buyers in different industries. Photo - https://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20170608/1871473-1 SOURCE Diversified Communications Hong Kong Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 09.06.17 Vontobel: Chance auf 15% p.a. in CHF mit europäischen Banken 09.06.17 Nestlé belastet den SMI 08.06.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 17.05.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRCs auf Europäische Airlines, Französische Automobil-Unternehmen und Amerikanische Software-Entwickler. 08.05.17 ideas Magazin - Grossmeister der Börse und ihre Erfolgsstrategien mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 08.06.17 J.P. Morgan AM: Osteuropa wächst überdurchschnittlich 06.06.17 Schroders: Schroders Economic & Strategy Viewpoint / June 2017 mehr Meistgelesene Nachrichten Britisches Pfund auf Talfahrt - Wahl-Desaster für Tories Tories verlieren absolute Mehrheit im britischen Parlament Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf Nestlé-Aktien mangels neuer Impulse mit schwerem Stand Aktien New York: Dow schließt im Plus - US-Techwerte erleiden Kursrückgang SMI schliesst im Plus - DAX geht mit Gewinnen ins Wochenende Kühne+Nagel-Aktien steigen nach Analystenempfehlung auf neue Flughöhe Google-Mutter verkauft Roboterfirma Boston Dynamics an Softbank Pfundschwäche hilft: FTSE 100 steigt nach Niederlage für May LifeWatch-Übernahme auf Kurs - BioTelemetry hält Anteil von 82% Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Aktien New York: Dow schließt im Plus - US-Techwerte erleiden Kursrückgang Nasdaq zollte ihrer starken Entwicklung Tribut und rutschte in die Verlustzone. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Glückspost | Handelszeitung PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Versicherung | TV Star
