  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and celebrated in front of police after killing her son-in-law Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk away largely unscathed  Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Serena and Venus Williams battle in a major final against each other for the first time in nearly eight years Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out until further notice New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a 'quick fix' Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Police investigate deaths of two men found in a parked SUV in front of a Walmart The bodies of two men were found in a white Dodge Nitro near a Walmart in Caledonia Township, Michigan, on Friday Police say they are treating the deaths as homicides Reports of blood stains on the car summoned forensic investigators to the scene  By Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com Published: 00:17 EST, 28 January 2017 | Updated: 01:02 EST, 28 January 2017 e-mail 5 shares 1 View comments Police in Michigan are investigating the deaths of two men whose bodies were found in a car parked in front of a Walmart. The victims were discovered inside a white Dodge Nitro that was parked at the Walmart Supercenter store in Caledonia Township on Friday, according to MLive.com. Investigators believe that the two men were murdered, law enforcement officials say. Police have not released the identities of the two men, who were only described as ‘two adult males.’ Police in Michigan are investigating the deaths of two men whose bodies were found in a car parked in front of a Walmart RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air... The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka... Share this article Share Reports from the scene indicate that blood was found on the outside of the SUV, according to WJRT-TV. There is still no word from investigators as to whether the victims were killed while inside the car or if their bodies were stashed inside the vehicle after they were dead. The victims were discovered inside a white Dodge Nitro that was parked at the Walmart Supercenter store in Caledonia Township on Friday Forensic investigators are on the scene gathering evidence which they hope will shed more light on the case.  Video below courtesy of WJRT-TV  Read more: VIDEO: Two men murdered in Owosso, state police leading investigation Michigan State Police say two men found dead in Dodge in Walmart parking lot | MLive.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (1) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious     DON'T MISS Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy 'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends  'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... 'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk... Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Follow Serena Williams vs Venus Williams tennis action from... Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... 'Life is winning again': Mike Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march a week on from... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart to Wall Street Dream Dies as Citadel Securities CEO Out by Annie Massa @antoniabmassa More stories by Annie Massa and Matthew Leising @mattleising More stories by Matthew Leising January 27, 2017, 5:04 PM EST January 27, 2017, 8:45 PM EST Kevin Turner left job just months after joining from Microsoft He started as Wal-Mart cashier, moved up to Ken Griffin’s firm Kevin Turner Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Kevin Turner, who joined Citadel Securities as chief executive officer after a career that led from Wal-Mart cashier to the top-paying job at Microsoft Corp., is leaving the market-making firm just months after he was hired. Peng Zhao, previously global head of market making, replaced Turner as CEO, said company spokesman Zia Ahmed. When it was announced in July that Turner was coming aboard, Zhao was promoted to chief scientist, a role created specifically for him. Zhao has worked at Citadel Securities since 2006. At Citadel Securities, the trading firm affiliated with Ken Griffin’s $26 billion hedge fund, the 51-year-old Turner joined an industry unlike the retail and tech worlds where he had thrived. The company says it handles about 18 percent of volume in the U.S. stock market, accounts for more than one-third of all retail stock orders, and matches more than one in five of all U.S. listed options trades. “This is the biggest opportunity I’ve ever been a part of in terms of reshaping an industry,” Turner said in an interview in November at the 35th floor of Citadel’s Chicago headquarters. Business Gurus Turner, a voracious reader of business-strategy books, tears through them faster than Amazon Prime can deliver them. And at the behemoth companies where he’s been in charge, he frequently invited gurus to come in and speak. When he was an executive at Wal-Mart Stores Inc., he brought in Jim Collins to help his executives learn how to go from “Good to Great.” Later, as chief operating officer of Microsoft, Turner tapped Deepak Chopra to discuss “The Soul of Leadership.” Carol Dweck’s Mindset: The New Psychology of Success was the latest title to earn Turner’s recommendation. Within his first 100 days as chief executive officer of Citadel Securities he’d handed out the book to senior executives. That wide range of authors and philosophies proved little help, however, as Turner failed to navigate one of the trickiest straits in finance: growing a business at Citadel while not being named Ken Griffin. Other Departures Turner’s departure was the second executive loss for Citadel Securities in recent weeks. Tian Zeng, who led Citadel Securities into the market for credit-default swaps, left earlier this month after a year at the firm. Griffin has seen executives come and go in short order before. In 2008, he hired former Merrill Lynch & Co. executive Rohit D’Souza to spearhead a new investment bank, and he quit a year later. His replacement, Patrik Edsparr, was ousted after seven months in the role following disagreements over business strategy and management. Turner had pulled off dramatic career moves before. He ascended from cashier to executive at Wal-Mart, then was wooed away in 2005 to Microsoft, where he spent 11 years as COO. He’d never previously worked in financial markets. The two people who built the business Turner was shepherding at Citadel Securities, Jamil Nazarali and Paul Hamill, had years of executive experience in their fields, as well as a deep understanding of what it means to report to Griffin. Nazarali, who runs Citadel Securities’ equities and options unit, previously was an executive at Knight Capital Group, a predecessor to KCG Holdings Inc. Hamill, who heads its business in fixed income, rates and currencies, joined from UBS Group AG. Counting the Days A methodical boss, Turner kept track of the days he’d been on the job at Citadel Securities. One Tuesday in November, after noting it was his 70th day in charge, he looked back at how his attention to detail ensured his advance from ringing up Wal-Mart customers to helping keep the company’s books. “I was a pretty lethal auditor, because I’d worked in the stores,” he said. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Turner attended East Central University in Ada, Oklahoma, taking a job as a Wal-Mart cashier. When he spotted a pretty girl coming through his aisle one day in 1986, he chatted her up, got her number, and later asked her out. They married a few years later and recently celebrated their 27th anniversary. After several promotions, Turner found himself in the auditing department, where the reports he wrote caught the eye of founder Sam Walton. On Walton’s advice, Turner moved into data processing, where he ultimately saved the retailing giant millions of dollars by writing computer code to streamline back-office systems. As a leader, Turner liked to look for a formula for success and hold employees accountable. At Citadel Securities, he was in the process of creating and implementing a “common definition of success” to hold employees to his exacting standards. Color Coding That was also his strategy at Microsoft, where he was the company’s highest-paid executive. Turner managed more than 51,000 employees in 191 countries and helped to increase revenue from $40 billion to $94 billion from 2005 to 2015. He introduced color-coded assessments across 30 areas of worker performance. Steve Ballmer, the former Microsoft CEO who hired Turner away from Wal-Mart, recalled reviewing that system with Turner. They met to discuss the Microsoft scorecard metrics over shrimp and nonalcoholic beverages -- iced tea or diet soda for Turner, seltzer for Ballmer -- at a Mexican restaurant in Seattle. Together they combed through the 30 benchmarks. “His mantra was to pick some goals and really inspect people who aren’t making them,” Ballmer said. “He shifted the culture.” The system wasn’t for everyone. The new focus on metrics didn’t sit well with some employees, Ballmer said. “Kevin broke a little glass when he got there in order to drive up accountability,” he said. “You can’t run an operation with too much loosey-goose.” Even after just months at Citadel Securities, Griffin on Friday credited him with making a “lasting impact.” “Kevin has made important contributions across many areas of Citadel Securities,” Griffin said in a statement. Asked in late November if he feels like he’s fully in control of the giant securities trading operation yet, Turner threw back his head and laughed for just a beat too long. “I am getting my arms around this business, and I’m enjoying it,” he said. “I’m having a lot of fun.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Two men dead in Walmart parking lot -- 'Nobody knows what to think' Print Email Michael Kransz | mkransz@mlive.com By Michael Kransz | mkransz@mlive.com The Saginaw News Email the author on January 27, 2017 at 10:22 PM, updated January 27, 2017 at 10:29 PM comments OWOSSO, MI -- Rather than asking for a drink, customers Friday night coming through the doors of the Rainbow Bar asked first if anyone had heard about what happened. Police were investigating a double homicide less than a mile from city limits in a Walmart Supercenter parking lot. Around 5:20 p.m. Friday, Jan. 27, police received a call stating there were dead people inside a vehicle in the parking lot of the Walmart at 1621 E M-21 in Caledonia Township, said Michigan State Police Lt. Paul Pummill. Michigan State Police Lt. David Kaiser said police are investigating it as a double homicide. Police have not released the identities of the individuals other than they are two adult men. Police say there are no suspects in the ongoing investigation, and that no one in the area is in danger. Police investigate double homicide in Walmart parking lot Even a single homicide would be an oddity for the area, a place where drunken brawls and intoxicated drivers largely constitute the latest scandal, Robert McNamara said, unable to recall the area's last homicide. The Walmart Supercenter is located in Caledonia Township, between the cities of Owosso and Corunna in Shiawassee County. In the latest U.S. Census, the cities totaled a combined 20,000 people, with Owosso accounting for around 15,000 of them. Robert McNamara serves up drinks Friday night at the Rainbow Bar.  McNamara, 25, has been living in the area for as long as he's been alive. He's a bartender at the Rainbow Bar, 905 W Main St. As business began picking up around 9 p.m. Friday at the bar, those who came through the door greeted friends with a "Did you hear about what happened?" and, at least one time, heard in return, "How bizarre!" McNamara said it was sure to be the talk of the night. The city was abuzz with news and rumors. "It's not something that happens around here," McNamara said. "Everybody is like, 'Hey, did you hear about that? What'd you hear?'" Until greater detail on the homicides comes out, McNamara said he's remaining skeptical. The high-profile location, he said, makes more sense for a drug overdose of some kind than a homicide. State police investigating double homicide in Walmart parking lot Brandon Warner, 31, moved from Battle Creek to Owosso around six months ago with his girlfriend, who now studies at Baker College. "We were used to hearing gunshots and police sirens in Battle Creek, you know?" Warner said. "We didn't expect this -- not here." Warner and his girlfriend visited Owosso nearly three times before they decided to move to there. What struck them about the city was the calm. "It's been peaceful and quiet," he said. "The people are so great. It's just weird something like this would happen here." Among his area friends on Facebook, Warner said the slayings are the most discussed topic. "Nobody knows what to think," he said. Michigan's Best Day 2: Highlights from Ann Arbor, Saline and Tecumseh Day 1: We visited Detroit, the bowling capital of the world The 27 bowling alleys we'll visit on our search Your picks for Michigan's Best Bowling Alley 10 facts about bowling in Michigan Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Michigan State Police say two men found dead in Dodge in Walmart parking lot Print Email Oona Goodin-Smith | ogoodins@mlive.com By Oona Goodin-Smith | ogoodins@mlive.com The Flint Journal Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 27, 2017 at 8:28 PM, updated January 27, 2017 at 10:30 PM comments CALEDONIA TWP. -- Michigan State Police say two men were found dead in a white Dodge Nitro in a Walmart parking lot. Two men dead in Walmart parking lot -- 'Nobody knows what to think' Police responded to a call that described two men inside a vehicle in the lot on Friday, Jan. 27 at the Walmart Supercenter located at 1621 E M-21 in Caledonia Township. They are calling the situation a double homicide and actively investigating the scene, confirmed Lt. David Kaiser. State police investigating double homicide in Walmart parking lot The SUV is roped off in the shopping center parking lot while police investigate. Police have not released the identities of the individuals other than that they are two adult men. Police say there are no suspects in the ongoing investigation, and that no one in the area is in danger. MLive-The Flint Journal photographer Mac Snyder contributed to this story. Michigan's Best Day 2: Highlights from Ann Arbor, Saline and Tecumseh Day 1: We visited Detroit, the bowling capital of the world The 27 bowling alleys we'll visit on our search Your picks for Michigan's Best Bowling Alley 10 facts about bowling in Michigan Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Pasar al contenido principal Aviso Oportuno Revistas Blogs Servicios Inmuebles Vehiculos FOTOS EL UNIVERSAL TV GRÁFICOS MINUTO X MINUTO LO MÁS VISTO Formulario de búsqueda Término de búsqueda Nación Seguridad Política Sociedad Mundo Metrópoli D.F. Edomex Estados Opinión Cartera Finanzas Economía Negocios Management Emprendedores Tu cartera Indicadores Deportes Fútbol Box Béisbol Más deportes Espectáculos Música Televisión Cine Teatro Farándula Cultura Letras Artes visuales Artes escénicas Música Patrimonio Confabulario Periodismo de datos Periodismo de investigación Tiempo de relojes Ciencia y Salud Ciencia Tecnología Salud Techbit Menú De Última Destinos Autopistas English Minuto x minuto El Universal TV English rss Se encuentra usted aquí INICIO // English // U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade A day after the White House suggested that the U.S. could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger Co fell more than 1 percent, while Whole Foods Market dropped 2.8 percent Compartir Photo: Reuters 27/01/2017 18:16 Reuters -A +A Shares of U.S. supermarket operators fell on Friday as President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico, which is a major supplier of produce and other foods for U.S. consumers. A day after the White House suggested that the United States could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger Co  fell more than 1 percent, while Whole Foods Market dropped 2.8 percent. Trump on Friday repeated statements that Mexico, a major exporter of vegetables, fruits and beer, has taken advantage of the United States. Mexico, he said, "beat us to a pulp," deepening worries about a crisis between the two trading partners. On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto scrapped a planned trip to Washington to meet Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border to halt illegal immigration. The White House later said the potential 20 percent tax could be used to pay for the wall. Mexico was the second-largest supplier of agricultural exports to the United States in 2015, according to the Office of the United States Trade Representative, or USTR. Mexican agricultural exports to the United States in 2015 totaled about $21.6 billion, up 191 percent from 1993, before the two countries and Canada cemented the North American Free Trade Agreement, according to the USTR. Less than 1 percent of Hass avocados - the main ingredient in guacamole - sold in the United States so far in 2017 were domestically grown, with 93 percent arriving from Mexico, according to the Hass Avocado Board. The United States consumes nearly all of its own tomatoes, exporting just 6 percent, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Of the tomatoes the United States imports, Mexico accounts for 71 percent, with Canada supplying most of the rest. A new tax on food imported from Mexico would leave supermarkets with the difficult choices of raising prices, sacrificing already low profitability, or a mixture of the two. U.S. grocers deal with a higher-than-average cost of goods sold than most other industries, resulting in razor-thin margins. Through 2015, the six-year average cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue for U.S. grocers was 73.4 percent versus around 56 percent for all U.S. industries, according to Plunkett Research. Shares Kroger and Wal-Mart are down about 3 percent from before Trump's inauguration a week ago while food distributor Sysco (SYY.N) has lost about 1.5 percent.   Compartir TAGS Walmart, Supermarkets, Kroger, Whole Foods Market, donald trump Comentarios MÁS EN English Ir a la sección de English Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but demands change NOTICIAS DEL DÍA Ir a la portada Slim: “Trump no es Terminator, es negotiator” Presos de Brasil imitan a cárteles mexicanos Candidato conservador galo, en el ojo del huracán VIVEUSA La maquillista mexicana de Ivanka Trump Así defendió Donald Trump a Barack Obama Trump querría que México pague el muro de estas formas   Directorio Contáctanos Código de Ética Cómo cubrimos la Violencia Publicidad Aviso Legal Aviso Privacidad Mapa del Sitio Historia Aviso de Privacidad: EL UNIVERSAL, COMPAÑÍA PERIODÍSTICA NACIONAL, S.A. DE C.V. Descargar nuestra app © 2000 - 2016 Todos los derechos reservados EL UNIVERSAL, Compañía Periodística Nacional. De no existir previa autorización, queda expresamente prohibida la Publicación, retransmisión, edición y cualquier otro uso de los contenidos X
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart is making it easier for workers to earn those pay hikes Christina Cheddar Berk | @ccheddarberk 9 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Eduardo Munoz | Reuters A Walmart worker organizes products for the Christmas season at a Walmart store in Teterboro, New Jersey. Wal-Mart Stores is speeding up the time it takes new employees to complete a training program that allows them to boost their pay. The change was first reported by The Wall Street Journal and was confirmed by the retailer. Two years ago, Wal-Mart raised its minimum wage for store employees to $9 an hour. Then last year, it unveiled a six-month training program for new employees. Once workers complete the program, called Pathways, their salary is bumped up to $10 an hour. After reviewing feedback to the program since its launch, the company will now shorten its length to 90 days. Wal-Mart spokesman Blake Jackson said the company found its associates were able to get through the material of the course — which includes skills tied to a worker's role at the store as well as merchandising, basic economics and "soft" skills — quicker than expected. Jackson told CNBC that the program has helped improve Walmart's customer service. Pathways was one element of a $2.7 billion investment Wal-Mart announced in 2015 to improve its training process and boost worker pay. Critics of the program told CNBC earlier this year that they felt the six-month training program was longer than it needed to be. Wal-Mart is sticking with the annual raise system it put in place last year. This year, workers who were hired on or before Oct. 31, 2016, will get a 2 percent raise on Feb. 18. Just over half of Wal-Mart's store workers are full-time and an average salary is $13.69 per hour, or about $25,000 a year. Read the full story in The Wall Street Journal here. Christina Cheddar BerkAssistant Managing Editor, Enterprise Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT ---
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade By By Noel Randewich Published January 27, 2017 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Print (Copyright Reuters 2017) A clown sits inside a bus seen in front of a Wal-Mart store in Mexico City January 11, 2013. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo (Copyright Reuters 2017) A clown sits inside a bus seen in front of a Wal-Mart store in Mexico City January 11, 2013. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo (Copyright Reuters 2017) Previous Next SAN FRANCISCO –  Shares of U.S. supermarket operators fell on Friday as President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico, which is a major supplier of produce and other foods for U.S. consumers. Continue Reading Below A day after the White House suggested that the United States could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger Co fell more than 1 percent, while Whole Foods Market dropped 2.8 percent. Trump on Friday repeated statements that Mexico, a major exporter of vegetables, fruits and beer, has taken advantage of the United States. Mexico, he said, "beat us to a pulp," deepening worries about a crisis between the two trading partners. On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a planned trip to Washington to meet Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border to halt illegal immigration. The White House later said the potential 20 percent tax could be used to pay for the wall. Mexico was the second-largest supplier of agricultural exports to the United States in 2015, according to the Office of the United States Trade Representative, or USTR. Mexican agricultural exports to the United States in 2015 totaled about $21.6 billion, up 191 percent from 1993, before the two countries and Canada cemented the North American Free Trade Agreement, according to the USTR. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Less than 1 percent of Hass avocados - the main ingredient in guacamole - sold in the United States so far in 2017 were domestically grown, with 93 percent arriving from Mexico, according to the Hass Avocado Board. The United States consumes nearly all of its own tomatoes, exporting just 6 percent, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Of the tomatoes the United States imports, Mexico accounts for 71 percent, with Canada supplying most of the rest. A new tax on food imported from Mexico would leave supermarkets with the difficult choices of raising prices, sacrificing already low profitability, or a mixture of the two. U.S. grocers deal with a higher-than-average cost of goods sold than most other industries, resulting in razor-thin margins. Through 2015, the six-year average cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue for U.S. grocers was 73.4 percent versus around 56 percent for all U.S. industries, according to Plunkett Research. Shares Kroger and Wal-Mart are down about 3 percent from before Trump's inauguration a week ago while food distributor Sysco has lost about 1.5 percent. (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Leslie Adler and Meredith Mazzilli) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Is Selling Its Own “Craft” Beer — Not That You’d Know It Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Is Selling Its Own “Craft” Beer — Not That You’d Know It January 27, 2017 3:44 pm EST By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk beer goggles beer craft beer walmart Trouble Brewing retail Is that craft beer in your grocery cart really brewed by a small, independent brewery, or does it come from the same commercial vats as other non-craft beverages? It can be hard to tell, especially now that big name retailers like Walmart are selling their own private label “craft” brands. Complete with quirky names like Cat’s Away IPA, After Party Pale Ale, and Pack of Trouble, Walmart teamed up with a company called Trouble Brewing to create its own line of craft brews, which it started selling in early 2016, the Washington Post reports. You might not have noticed, however, as nowhere on the packaging is there any indication that Walmart is behind the cheaply priced brews. That’s par for the course, Walmart says, as it doesn’t put its name on any of its private label brands. There is no intention to deceive customers, the company says. “We were intentional about designing a package that conveyed a look and feel you’d expect of craft beer,” Teresa Budd, a senior buyer for Walmart’s adult beverage team, tells WaPo. But as WaPo points out, there is no American brewery called Trouble Brewing: the applicant listed on filings with theTreasury Department’s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) is “Winery Exchange, Inc.,” which has since become WX Brands, a company that “develops exclusive brands of wine, beer and spirits for retailers around the world,” according to its website. Then, under “brewery address,” the TTB filings list the address of Genesee Brewing’s business office in Rochester, NY. As anyone who has ever shotgunned a Genesee Cream Ale at a college party knows, it is doesn’t have much of a craft reputation. Beyond that, according to the national Brewers Association, a craft brewery is defined as small (annual production of 6 million barrels of beer or less); independent (less than 25% of the brewery is owned or controlled by an alcoholic beverage industry member that is not itself a craft brewer); and traditional (“a brewer that has a majority of its total beverage alcohol volume in beers whose flavor derives from traditional or innovative brewing ingredients and their fermentation”). Genesee is owned by a company called Florida Ice and Farm, which brews a Costa Rican lager and other industrial brands. Walmart isn’t alone in obscuring where a craft beer actually comes from: WaPo points out that Costco’s Kirkland Signature Handcrafted Beer is purportedly made at either New York Brewer in New York, or Hopfen und Malz in San Jose, TX. However, TTB filings show they’re brewed at F.X. Matt (the home of Saranac) and Gordon Biersch, respectively. In the end, you’ll likely get what you pay for: though these private label brands go for as much as $5 less than other craft brands, a team of WaPo staffers weighed in on one Trouble Brewing beverage, calling it “flabby,” and “good for flip cup.” Another was described as, “bland nothingness” and “lacking an identifiable taste.” Last year, a federal court threw out a lawsuit against MillerCoors for allegedly misleading consumers about the “craft” nature of its Blue Moon beers. The plaintiffs in that case had argued that the beer giant had deliberately distanced itself from the Blue Moon brand in order to sell the beer for a higher price. January 27, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk beer goggles beer craft beer walmart Trouble Brewing retail Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related root beer floats for everyone Craft Breweries Adding Booze To Root Beer Because Why Not? merger bender Anheuser-Busch Buys Breckenridge Brewery, Third Craft Brewer In One Week arts and crafts MillerCoors Sued For Selling Blue Moon As A Craft Beer arts and crafts MillerCoors Gets Court To Throw Out Blue Moon “Craft Beer” Lawsuit Always Low Prices In The Organic Food aisle Walmart Ditching Wild Oats Organic Brand After 2 Years Previous Cable & Phone Industries Tell Congress To Reverse New Internet Privacy Rule Next Southwest Airlines Has No Plans For No-Frills Basic Economy Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Southwest Airlines Has No Plans For No-Frills Basic Economy Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Deseret NewsFamily Family Hershey's to offer samples of new cookie bar at select Wal-Mart stores Jan. 28-29 By Caresa Alexander RandallDeseret News Published: Jan. 27, 2017 1:30 p.m. Updated: 11 hours ago + Leave a comment Hershey's will give away 1 million samples of their Cookie Layer Crunch bars, Saturday and Sunday at participating Wal-Mart stores, according to a news release. The Cookie Layer Crunch bars come in caramel, vanilla crème and mint. Samples will be available at select Wal-Mart stores throughout the state, including locations in Salt Lake City, Murray, Taylorsville, West Valley City, Midvale, West Jordan, Sandy, South Jordan and Riverton. To find a list of participating stores, visit wm6.walmart.com/hershey. Here is a list of participating Wal-Mart stores in the Salt Lake area: • Salt Lake City: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 350 Hope Ave. • Salt Lake City: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 4627 S. 900 East • Taylorsville: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 5469 S. Redwood Road • West Valley City: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 3180 S. 5600 West • Midvale: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 7250 Union Park Ave. • West Valley City: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 5675 W. 6200 South Comment on this story • West Jordan: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 7671 S. 3800 West • Sandy: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 9151 S. Quarry Blvd. • Centerville: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 221 W. Parrish Lane • South Jordan: Wal-Mart Supercenter, 11328 S. Jordan Gateway + Leave a comment Like that? Read this. Family 14 hours ago Did What's Inside YouTube channel find mold inside Sophie the Giraffe? Family 17 hours ago Interfaith Month offers families opportunities to learn about other faiths Sponsored by Utah League of Cities and Towns Cities team up to curb underage drinking The PopuList 1 Russia to decriminalize some forms of domestic violence 2 Little girls doubt that women can be brilliant, study shows 3 Lucasfilm releases new poster and film title for 'Star Wars: Episode VIII' 4 How much do Utah men spend on engagement rings? 5 Who's watching the kids in the off hours, when most day care centers are closed? View all for Family most Commented 50 Utahns have mixed reactions to Trump's proposed wall, limits on refugees 14 How much do Utah men spend on engagement rings? 12 Local art exhibition seeks to bring awareness to minorities who feel disenfranchised by Trump’s election 11 Syrian refugees speak out at Sundance 9 Utah's first March for Life to coincide with national event 4 Utah lawmaker introduces 'modified' sex ed bill, hopes for more support 3 Little girls doubt that women can be brilliant, study shows 3 Former Miss Provo celebrates as Snapchat changes its tune on sexual content Saturday, January, 28, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Company About Us People FAQ Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
👤 Register / Login Contact Advertise Newsletters Magazines Conferences About Search: 2,835 Franchises | 3,268 Articles | 59,462 News Stories Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Getting Started » What is Franchising? » Franchising Articles » Franchise Blogs » Franchise Events » Franchise Guides » Franchise News » Success Stories » Franchise Videos » Net Worth Calculator Browse Opportunities » Search » By Industry » By Location » By Investment » By Alpha » By Type » By Maturity Find a Franchise: INDUSTRY: Any Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending MAX INVESTMENT: Any Over $1,000,000 $750,000 $500,000 $450,000 $400,000 $350,000 $300,000 $250,000 $200,000 $150,000 $100,000 $90,000 $80,000 $70,000 $60,000 $50,000 $40,000 $30,000 $20,000 $10,000 LOCATION: Any ----- United States ----- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming ----- Canada ----- Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory ----- Other International ----- OPPORTUNITY TYPE: Any Non-Franchised Business Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Featured Choices: Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Veteran Opportunities Popular Choices: Food Franchises Small Business Franchises Retail Franchises Entertainment Franchises Automotive Franchises Childrens Franchises Business Services Franchises Browse By Industry: Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Staffing Vending United States: AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Canada: AB BC MB NB NL NT NS ON PE PQ SK YT Europe: AL AD AT BY BE BA BG HR CY CZ DK EE FO FI FR DE GI GR HU IS IE IM IT KV LV LI LT LU MK MT MD MC ME NL NO PL PT RO RU SM RS SK SI ES SE CH UA UK VA RS International All Opportunities Browse By Investment: Quick Start Investments Under $50,000 Low Cost Investments From $50,000 to $100,000 Mid-Range Investments From $100,000 to $500,000 High Investments Over $500,000 Browse By Investment Browse By Name: # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Browse Directory Browse By Type: Business Opportunities Eco-Friendly Home Based Multi-Unit Veteran Benefits Women Based Browse Directory Browse By Maturity: New Opportunities Opportunities in their first 5 years Established Opportunities From 5 to 25 years in Business Seasoned Opportunities From 25 to 50 years in Business Classic Opportunities Over 50 Years In Business Browse Directory Resources Business Services: Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications Browse Resource Directory News » All » Alliances » Events » Expansions » Financial » Media Coverage » Mergers » Personnel » Products » Rankings Popular News: Kona Ice Earns Elite Franchise Designation Get Ready to Jump! The Junkluggers to Bring ‘Green’ Junk Removal to Maryland Massage Heights Signs Franchise Development Agreements to Open Four New Retreats Slapfish Signs Franchise Deal For San Diego Local Entrepreneurs Open Their First Dickey's Barbecue Pit Location in Ruidoso OXXO Care Cleaners Announces Record 2016 Growth And Leads Dry Cleaning Franchise Sector In Rankings Goldfish Swim School Franchising, LLC Earns Number 1 Rating by Entrepreneur Blue Moon Estate Sales’ Debra Blue Named an Enterprising Women of the Year Champion Oxi Fresh Carpet Cleaning Donates More Than $30,000 to Water.org in 2016 Submit NewsBrowse News Recent Mergers & Acquisitions: Gap Inc. Announces Banana Republic Brand President to Depart Company Hyatt Accelerates Growth Strategy Into Adjacent Spaces With Acquisition Of Wellness Leader Miraval Group Signs By Tomorrow Spring Rebrands to Image360 - Houston Spring Browse Mergers Recent Financial News: Generation NEXT Franchise Brands CEO Expects New Era of Growth and Expansion in a Letter to Shareholders Papa John's Announces Quarterly Dividend McDonald's Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend Luby's Reports First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results Brinker International Reports Second Quarter Results Browse Financial News Recent Expansion News: Nestlé® Toll House® Café by Chip® Ramps Up Middle East Expansion Lapels Dry Cleaning Coming To Greater Nashville Area Billy Sims BBQ Opens Near UOK’s Gaylord Stadium Malawi’s Pizza To Open First East Coast Location In Virginia! Restaurant Brands International Inc. Announces Master Franchise Joint Venture To Launch The Tim Hortons® Brand Browse Expansion News Recent Personnel News: Wayback Burgers Announces Key Promotions And Additions To Its Expanding Corporate Team Creative Learning Corporation Announces Appointment Of Karla Kretsch As Its New Chief Operating Officer Capriotti’s Taps Franchise Growth Executive David Bloom as Chief Development Officer Sonic Taps Company Veteran to Lead Company-Owned Restaurants The Little Gym International Names Alex Bingham Senior Vice President And Chief Operating Officer Browse Personnel News Recent Strategic Alliance News: Military Spouses Can Take Career on the Go by Winning a CruiseOne/Dream Vacations Travel Franchise Aaron's Longtime Racing Partner, NASCAR Legend Michael Waltrip, Announces Final Race At Daytona 500 BIGGBY® COFFEE Partners With Davenport University Art Van Furniture Enters Into Transaction With Thomas H. Lee Partners Tint World® Teams Up With ARC Audio Browse Alliance News Recent Rankings News: Beef Jerky Outlet Ranked #72 On Entrepreneur 500 List For 2017 @Work Group Ranked Top 100 Franchise, Fastest Growing Franchise Caring Transitions Ranked Among The Franchise Elite In Entrepreneur’s Esteemed 38th Annual Franchise 500® Fresh Coat Ranked Among The Franchise Elite In Entrepreneur’s Esteemed 38th Annual Franchise 500® For 12 Consecutive Years, HomeVestors Named in 2017 Top Franchises Report by Franchise Business Review Browse Rankings News Recent Events News: Denny’s Corporation Announces Timing Of Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 Results And Conference Call On February 15, 2017 Texas Roadhouse, Inc. to Announce Fourth Quarter Earnings on February 21, 2017 Aaron's, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call and Webcast The Wendy's Company To Host 2017 Investor Day Luby’s Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Release & Conference Call Schedule Browse Events News Recent Media Coverage: Embassy Suites Hotels: 5 Family-friendly Cities You Should Visit In 2017 Showhomes® Closes 2016 with Record Breaking, Double Digit Revenue Growth ServiceMaster Restore Brings Hundreds to Help Rebuild #Hattiesburg, Donates $10,000 to Tornado Relief Efforts Twin Peaks Collects More Than 14,000 Toys for Charities During the Holiday Season Survey Results: More Businesses Plan to Hire in 2017 Browse Media Coverage Recent Product Announcements: East Coast Wings + Grill Shares look into ‘ECW 2.0’ and Unit Level Performance Taco Bell’s Naked Chicken Chalupa Is Here Pollo Campero Kicks off 2017 with its Light Latin Meals Ultimate Meats Pizza Returns To Papa John's Starting Lineup For Super Bowl Arooga’s Grille House & Sports Bar Is Set To Brunch You In The Face Browse Product Announcements Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Subscribe » Newsletters » Magazines » Social Media Franchising.com Newsletters: Franchising.com Express Weekly Digest of Franchise Opportunities & News Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Ideas, strategies and solutions for today's high achieving franchisees. Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Marketing insights, strategies, and intelligence for today's growing franchisors. Franchise Update Sales Report Your source for leadership, sales, and marketing intelligence. Browse Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions: Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Dedicated Exclusively to Multi-Unit and Multi-Brand Franchisees Franchise Update Magazine Business Intelligence for Growing Franchisors Browse Magazines Social Media Channels: YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Register / Login Franchise Opportunities Getting Started Topics Features Guides Blogs Events Videos Browse Opportunities Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Listed Franchises By Industry By Location By Investment By Alpha By Type By Maturity Franchise Resources Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications News All Alliances Events Expansions Financial Media Coverage Mergers Personnel Products Rankings Conferences Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors About Us Franchise Update Media About Us Conferences Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference Magazines Multi-Unit Franchisee Franchise Update Newsletters Franchising.com EXPRESS Multi-Unit Franchisee Report Franchise Update Sales Report Franchise Consumer Marketing Report Advertise Contact Us 0 Shares   16 Reads Home: News: Billy Sims BBQ: Billy Sims BBQ Opens Near UOK’s Gaylord Stadium BBQ fast casual opens near the original football home of Billy Sims. January 27, 2017 // Franchising.com // TULSA, Okla. – Tulsa-based fast casual BBQ franchise Billy Sims BBQ is continuing rapid expansion across central Oklahoma with its newest opening January 20, in Norman, OK by 7-year Billy Sims franchisee veteran and businessman, Trent Crow. The restaurant is located at Crimson Center 2627 N. Classen Blvd. Suite 104 Norman, OK 73071, the busting east side of University of Oklahoma’s home town and next to Slim Chickens. The grand opening will be held Feb. 3-4, with appearances by Billy Sims BBQ co-founder, and former Detroit Lions and Heisman Trophy winner on Feb. 3, from 3 to 7 p.m. and Feb. 4, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Appearing with Billy Sims on Feb. 4, will be his former team mates from the Detroit Lions Thomas Lott, Victor Hicks and Joe Washington. Crow, along with his wife, Nancy, currently owns and operates three other Billy Sims BBQ units throughout Oklahoma – one in Owasso near Tulsa, one in Midwest City near the Tinker Air Force Base and one in Moore, off the Oklahoma City’s northwest expressway. A former Marketing Manager for Walmart, Crow helped to get Billy Sims BBQ sauce in 145 Walmart stores, where it quickly became the second-best selling BBQ sauce in Walmart stores across the state. After this introduction to the brand and upon retirement, Crow decided to explore business opportunities with the award-winning franchise. “We love the quality of life as franchisees as well as creating jobs in our community, but we very specifically chose Billy Sims BBQ,” says Crow. “We were attracted to the highly structured-operations, great food and competitive pricing. Billy Sims’ name may get guests in the door, but the delicious barbeque keeps them coming back.” The Crows chose Norman for their newest venture due to both its rapid commercial and residential development growth as well as its close proximity to UOK’s Gaylord Stadium, where football legend and Billy Sims BBQ’s co-founder, Billy Sims, made his name in the 1970’s. “Trent and Nancy are among our most loyal and successful franchisees,” said Jeff Jackson, co-founder and CEO of Billy Sims BBQ. “Despite being Billy Sims BBQ’s smallest location, their Midwest City unit, which was a 90-day Quiznos conversion, boasts one of the largest revenues in our entire franchise system. I have zero doubt their Norman site selection will prove to be a smart move.” The Norman restaurant is of the brand’s newest prototype design, featuring updated color schemes and sleek design elements, a digital menu board digital and an outdoor seating patio. Named a Franchisee Satisfaction Award Winner for 2016 and 2015 by Franchise Business Review and a Future 50 fastest-growing small chain restaurant in 2015 by Restaurant Business, Billy Sims BBQ is consistently ranked highly by franchisees for its leadership, training and operations support, financial performance and general satisfaction. About Billy Sims Barbecue Celebrating its 12th year, Billy Sims Barbecue is 50+-unit, Tulsa-based fast casual concept serving premium BBQ smoked daily in-house with traditional sides. Founded by 1978 Heisman Trophy winner Billy Sims, and co-founder and CEO Jeff Jackson, Billy Sims BBQ is a unique franchise concept that is experiencing growth. As one of the top-rated celebrity and athlete-owned restaurants, Billy Sims Barbecue has an extensive menu of nine meats that are smoked daily in-house along with traditional sides like potato salad, smoked baked potatoes, smoked corn, coleslaw and entree size salads. Consistently rated one of the Best BBQ Restaurants in Oklahoma, Billy Sims Barbecue opened 11 restaurants in 2014 along with two non-traditional units inside sports stadiums, four units in 2015 and have plans to open eight in 2016. Operating five states, Billy Sims Barbecue is actively seeking franchisees for single and multi-unit developments throughout the country. For more information, visit: www.billysimsbbq.com or www.facebook.com/billysimsbbq. Photos: www.billysimsbbq.com/mediacenter Video: www.youtube.com/user/BillySimsBBQ SOURCE Billy Sims Barbecue Media Contact: Ellen Hartman (678) 399-3335 ellen@hartmanpr.com ### Social Reach: Viewer Response: Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Billy Sims BBQ » Celebrating its 11th year, Billy Sims BBQ is a 47-unit, Tulsa-based fast casual concept serving premium BBQ smoked daily in-house with traditional sides. Browse: Business Overview Franchise News Franchise News Room » All Franchise News Expansion Financial Mergers & Acquisitions Personnel General Announcements Conference Product Announcements Media Coverage Strategic Alliances News By Industry » Art Automotive Beauty Business Services Childrens Cleaning and Maintenance Computer and Internet Services Construction Education Entertainment Financial Services Fitness Food Franchise Consultants Health Home Services Medical Moving and Storage Pet Recreation Retail Senior Care Small Business Specialty Staffing Travel Vending Featured Opportunities Golden Corral Buffet and Grill Golden Corral is the nation's leading family style restaurant franchise... Anytime Fitness Align with the world leader in fitness. Recurring-revenue business model,... Extreme Pita Extreme Pita was the first restaurant to marry old world authentic pita... Fuddruckers Customers vote Fuddruckers the "Best Burger in Town" in more... Minuteman Press International Minuteman Press has been the leader in the printing & graphics... Learning Express Learning Express is the nation's leading specialty toy store franchise -... Massage Envy Massage Envy clinics are designed to provide a compelling image, an... Spavia Day Spa The Spavia Day Spa business model is built around 10 years of experience,... Share This Page CHANNELS Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors GETTING STARTED What is Franchising? Franchising Articles Franchise Blogs Franchise Events Franchise Guides Franchise News Success Stories Franchise Videos Net Worth Calculator OPPORTUNITIES Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises Newly Added Franchises Trending Franchises International Franchises Franchises A-Z By Industry By Type By Location By Investment By Maturity RESOURCES Accounting Advertising Associations Big Data Conferences Customer Relations Facilities Financing Human Resources Legal Local Marketing Loyalty Payment Processing Printing Real Estate Security Technology Telecommunications PRODUCTS & SERVICES Annual Franchise Development Report Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide Technology Buyer's Guide CONFERENCES Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference MAGAZINES Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine Franchise Update Magazine ABOUT Advertising Corporate Information Press Contact Us Legal Notices Privacy Policy Advertiser Login SOCIAL Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube The franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a franchise opportunity. Franchise Update Media | P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681 Copyright © 2001 - 2017. All Rights Reserved. Site Hosting Provided By: wishVPS on FUMG3 In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)
Follow us: Release dates: every game confirmed for 2017 Resident Evil 7 guide & walkthrough: all weapons, coins, unlocks, keys, secrets, more PC PS4 Xbox One Destiny GTA 5 Battlefield Pokemon Overwatch Guides Ticker This week’s best games deals: XCOM 2, Mad Max, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Mafia 3 & more Friday, 27 January 2017 16:15 GMT By Matt Martin Share on: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google+ Doesn’t time fly? Somehow we’ve already reached the end of January, but the good news is that means we’ve reached payday for the month as well! Gaming bargains are to be found below that should serve as a perfect end of the month treat. It’s also a good time to catch up on some of the big games you may have missed over the last year. A fair few major releases are on the way over the coming months, but it’s still a relatively quiet period to work through that pile of shame. Or maybe just add more to it. UK & US Deals We’ve got a whole heap of digital download deals to share this week. Let’s begin at the Humble Store, which is wrapping up its Winter Sale with an encore of the best deals. There are pages and pages you can sift through but we’ve highlighted some of the standouts below: The Witcher 3: Game of the Year Edition for £20.99/$29.99 Dark Souls III for £19.99/$29.99 Stardew Valley for £8.79/$11.99 Dragon’s Dogma: Dark Arisen for £9.59/$11.99 Life is Strange Complete Season for £3.99/$4.99 Warhammer: End Times – Vermintide for £7.81/$10.19 Owlboy for £12.72/$19.99 DiRT Rally for £15.99/$23.99 Batman: The Telltale Series for £12.72/$16.74 Oxenfree for £6.39/$7.99 Metro Redux Bundle for £4.99/$5.99 Stephen’s Sausage Roll for £16.79/$22.49 Bundle Stars are ushering in the Lunar New Year the only way it can with money off a whole host of games in its library. The deals are a little less exciting than Humble’s but you might find something here of interest. Remember to use the code ‘LUNAR8’ to get 8% off when you spend at least £8/$8. Mad Max for £3.99/$4.99 LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens – Deluxe Edition for £9.89/$14.99 Quantum Break for £22.49/$27.74 S.T.A.L.K.E.R Complete Bundle for £8.39/$15.99 Darksiders Warmastered Edition for £4.99/$4.99 Ryse: Son of Rome for £3.75/$4.99 Jackbox Party Pack 3 for £13.29/$17.49 UK Deals Green Man Gaming has cut the price on some of Blizzard’s back catalogue. You won’t find everything here, but there are some decent deals are available if you’re looking to catch up on the history of Warcraft, StarCraft or Diablo. Warcraft III: Gold Edition for £9.57 StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty for £6.99 StarCraft II: Heart of the Swarm for £6.99 Diablo III for £11.99 You can now create your elite squad of super soldiers, name them all after friends and family members and try your best to keep them alive while fighting off the alien menace in XCOM 2. The Digital Deluxe Edition of the terrific strategy sequel is just £19.99 on PC at GamesPlanet. XCOM 2 Digital Deluxe Edition on PC for £19.99 from GamesPlanet Violence, betrayal, revenge – the three things that spur on Lincoln Clay in Hangar 13’s Mafia III. The capable if somewhat unremarkable open-world action adventure is down to £23 at Simply Games. That’ll get you the ‘Family Kick-Back’ DLC too, which includes some extra cars and guns to pave Lincoln’s trail of destruction. Mafia III (including Family Kick-Back DLC) on PS4 for £22.99 from Simply Games Mafia III (including Family Kick-Back DLC) on Xbox One for £22.99 from Simply Games Where do you go after Modern Warfare and Advanced Warfare? Well, Infinite Warfare, clearly. Infinity Ward and Activision’s barmy shooter series goes to space for the latest round of pretty and explosive whack-a-mole. It’s got Jon Snow in it too. Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare on PS4 for £24.99 from Amazon UK Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare on Xbox One for £24.99 from Amazon UK Choose to play as Emily or Corvo in Arkane’s follow-up to the excellent Dishonored. Dishonored 2 takes place fifteen years after the conclusion of the first game with Emily Kaldwin on the throne and her father as her sworn protector. Everything is thrown into disarray, though, when an otherwordly usurper comes to claim the throne and spurs the pair on a quest to reclaim it. Dishonored 2 on PS4 for £22.85 from ShopTo Dishonored 2 on Xbox One for £22.85 from ShopTo Dropping a titan on another player’s unsuspecting head is still one of gaming’s greatest pleasures. It remains that way in Titanfall 2, the frenetic shooter from ex-Call of Duty alumni Respawn Entertainment. You’re not just getting a great multiplayer game here, but also a terrific single player campaign, all for £24.99 on PC. Titanfall 2 on PC for £24.99 from Amazon UK US Deals Walmart is holding a massive clearance sale on a wide range of amiibo figures. Work on finishing up your collection with the ones on offer below, which are all going for less than $10. Mario Modern Color 30th Anniversary Series amiibo for $3.96 from Walmart Animal Crossing amiibo 3 pack for $6.99 from Walmart Pikmin and Olimar Super Smash Bros Series amiibo for $3.96 from Walmart 8-Bit Link Zelda Series amiibo for $9.88 from Walmart Inkling Boy Splatoon Series amiibo for $3.96 from Walmart Inkling Girl Splatoon Series amiibo for $3.96 from Walmart Mabel Animal Crossing amiibo for $2.88 from Walmart Tom Nook Animal Crossing amiibo for $2.88 from Walmart The New England Patriots face the Atlanta Falcons in the Super Bowl next week. We can all hope, but the Pats are probably going to win it, despite how brilliantly the Falcons have played this season. Why not break from the inevitability, though, and pick up a copy of Madden 17 for just $34.99 on consoles and lead your own team to Super Bowl glory? Madden 17 on PS4 for $34.99 from Target Madden 17 on Xbox One for $34.99 from Target Although it is less fully featured compared to its DeathAdder counterpart, the Razer Diamondback is still a solid gaming mouse. Over at Amazon US you can pick up the colourful clicker at 50% off for just $41.99. Razer Diamondback Chroma Gaming Mouse for $41.99 from Amazon US XCOM 2 may be the newer game but the original XCOM: Enemy Unknown is still as tense and compelling as it has always been. Over at NewEgg you can pick up the game’s Complete Edition, which includes the Enemy Within expansion pack and a selection of DLCs, for just $13.99 when you use the discount code ‘0125PBCS06’. XCOM: Enemy Unknown – Complete Edition for $13.99 from NewEgg That’s all the best deals we’ve found this week. Hopefully you’ve found something in there that takes your fancy! Maybe something to calm you down a bit after the nightmare-inducing terror of Resident Evil 7. If you make it out of the creepy estate we’ll catch you again next week for another round up of gaming deals. Until then, Jelly Deals out. Do keep an eye over at Jelly Deals for more deals from around the web. Feel free to visit, or follow us on Twitter and give us a like on Facebook. Share on: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google+ Latest Hitman’s new elusive target is live now in Paris Gears of War 4 now supports cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 in Social Quickplay Nintendo Switch: Wireless LAN support, battery replacement, other specs outlined DISCLAIMER Sometimes we include links to online retail stores. If you click on one and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. For more information, go here. Tags a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # Privacy policy Terms & conditions Staff © 2017 VG247 Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS
Shoplifting incident turns into an officer-involved shooting at - WFXG FOX 54 - News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WFXG FOX 54 News and Weather apps Contests NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Traffic Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us breaking Shoplifting incident turns into an officer-involved shooting at Walmart on Victory Drive 2017-01-26T18:33:51Z2017-01-27T01:49:51Z By Sharifa Jackson, Reporter Email Connect sharifajackson@wtvm.com (Source: WTVM) (Source: WTVM) (Source: Sharifa Jackson) COLUMBUS, GA (WTVM) - An officer-involved shooting started at the Walmart on Victory Drive and ended at the CB&T bank Thursday afternoon.  According to police, they were called to Walmart regarding a shoplifting incident. Police say the suspect was seen cutting into packages and concealing the items in his clothing. When two CPD officers responded to the scene, the suspect turned his pistol on the officer in the garden area of the Walmart. The officer then shot at the suspect. The suspect was injured in his left arm and taken to the hospital and he is now released and in police custody. No officers were injured during the incident. The officer has been placed on administrative leave.  “We are not sure whether or not the injury to his left arm was caused from a projectile with the officer or if it was from his caused running into the things into the store while he was trying to get away,” said Police Chief Ricky Boren. “He has already been treated and released.” If the officer caused injury to the suspect from the shooting, the GBI will take over the investigation.  “It makes no sense, it’s getting outrageous, right in the daytime, it’s kids out, why must you?” said witness Kanijah Mike. “It’s ridiculous, that’s how I feel.” The suspect's name has not been released.  Just arrived on scene. Possible police officer involved shooting at Walmart on Victory Drive. More details to come. @WTVM pic.twitter.com/Kh43AHnyG3— Sharifa Jackson WTVM (@SharifaJackson) January 26, 2017 Copyright 2017 WTVM. All rights reserved.  NEWSMore>> Hours after inauguration, Trump signs first executive order Hours after inauguration, Trump signs first executive order Updated: Friday, January 20 2017 10:49 PM EST2017-01-21 03:49:47 GMT With no political experience, but an understanding of branding and showmanship honed by his years in the business world and on television, billionaire Donald J. Trump rode a wave of populism to victory.More >> With no political experience, but an understanding of branding and showmanship honed by his years in the business world and on television, billionaire Donald J. Trump rode a wave of populism to victory.More >> Trump, Putin to speak amid GOP concerns on sanctions Trump, Putin to speak amid GOP concerns on sanctions Posted: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:23 AM EST2017-01-28 08:23:04 GMT Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:23 AM EST2017-01-28 08:23:04 GMT President Donald Trump's first conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin since taking office is sparking concern among European allies and fellow Republicans about the future of U.S. sanctions on Moscow. More >> President Donald Trump's first conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin since taking office is sparking concern among European allies and fellow Republicans about the future of U.S. sanctions on MoscowMore >> Three shot at South Aiken High basketball game Three shot at South Aiken High basketball game Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 11:58 PM EST2017-01-28 04:58:53 GMT Crime scene outside South Aiken High (Source: WFXG) There is no information on shooters or possible suspects.More >> There is no information on shooters or possible suspects.More >> Actor John Hurt dead at 77 Actor John Hurt dead at 77 Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 10:02 PM EST2017-01-28 03:02:14 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:45 PM EST2017-01-28 03:45:12 GMT In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014 photo, British actor John Hurt poses for photographers during the premiere of the film The Imitation Game, at the Odeon in Leicester Square, central London. (Source: AP Photo by Joel Ryan/Invision/AP, File) Actor John Hurt was 77. More >> Actor John Hurt was 77. More >> Trump signs order calling for 'extreme vetting' of refugees Trump signs order calling for extreme vetting of refugees Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 5:02 PM EST2017-01-27 22:02:32 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:09 PM EST2017-01-28 01:09:12 GMT Trump said the measure is designed to “keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America.”  More >> Trump said the measure is designed to “keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America.” More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Rayonier (RYN) UBS Group AG Cuts Position in AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) UBS Group AG Has $15,248,000 Stake in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) UBS Group AG Buys 787 Shares of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Lazard Asset Management LLC Buys 160,098 Shares of Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (CHD) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $15,054,000 Position in Snap-On Incorporated (SNA) Destination Wealth Management Sells 1,866 Shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Assured Guaranty Ltd. (AGO) Stake Cut by HBK Investments L P Rent-A-Center Inc. (RCII) Position Lowered by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Holds Stake in Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Agilent Technologies, Inc. (A) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P Advantus Capital Management Inc Sells 262,946 Shares of United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (UDR) Celgene Corporation (CELG) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI) Shares Sold by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Has $228,000 Stake in Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (STRM) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) W.P. Carey Inc. (WPC) Shares Sold by OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $544,000 Position in KCG Holdings, Inc. (KCG) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Takes Position in Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $480,000 Stake in Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Vicus Capital Buys New Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Posted by William Strong on Jan 27th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Vicus Capital bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund bought 3,932 shares of the retailer’s stock, valued at approximately $284,000. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at approximately $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the period. Finally, Hartford Financial Management Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.9% in the third quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. now owns 2,261 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $163,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 29.47% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 66.73 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $205.07 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.48 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 12 month low of $62.35 and a 12 month high of $75.19. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $69.19 and a 200 day moving average price of $70.91. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The company earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.03 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.33 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/27/vicus-capital-buys-new-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on WMT shares. Jefferies Group LLC set a $86.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. Instinet restated a “neutral” rating and set a $81.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Royal Bank Of Canada reduced their price objective on Wal-Mart Stores from $76.00 to $75.00 and set an “underperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, October 7th. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.85 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reduced their price objective on Wal-Mart Stores from $67.00 to $63.00 and set an “underperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-one have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $74.26. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,760,808.96. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Shares Sold by Wedgewood Investors Inc. PA Next » Vicus Capital Has $409,000 Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Receives $277.64 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Receives GBX 1,370.33 Consensus PT from Brokerages Genus plc (GNS) Receives GBX 1,426 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL) Short Interest Down 4.9% in January FBR & Co Comments on UMB Financial Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (UMBF) SI Financial Group, Inc. (SIFI) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 Brokerages Set International Paper Company (IP) PT at $51.74 Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) Receives $9.63 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Edison International (EIX) Target Price at $77.68 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Consolidated Edison Inc Issued By KeyCorp (ED) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Henderson Far East Income Limited Announces Dividend of GBX 5.10 (HFEL) Salzgitter AG (SZG) Receives €30.08 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Lowers Stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 27th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD decreased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 6.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 137,121 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 9,916 shares during the period. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $9,889,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bank of Montreal Can bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth approximately $309,966,000. Schroder Investment Management Group boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 48.6% in the second quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 3,530,687 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $257,811,000 after buying an additional 1,154,142 shares during the period. State of Tennessee Treasury Department boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 106.3% in the second quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 1,776,912 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $129,751,000 after buying an additional 915,662 shares during the period. Analytic Investors LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 177.7% in the second quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 1,185,161 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $86,540,000 after buying an additional 758,373 shares during the period. Finally, Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 29.3% in the second quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 3,034,271 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $221,562,000 after buying an additional 688,100 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.47% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 66.73 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $205.07 billion, a PE ratio of 14.48 and a beta of 0.10. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $69.19 and a 200-day moving average price of $70.91. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 12-month low of $62.35 and a 12-month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.03 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.33 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/27/sumitomo-mitsui-asset-management-company-ltd-lowers-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the company. Wells Fargo & Company reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday. Vetr lowered Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.32 price target for the company. in a research note on Wednesday. Argus reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday. Morgan Stanley decreased their price target on Wal-Mart Stores from $74.00 to $70.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research note on Monday. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. They set a “hold” rating and a $70.00 price target for the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-one have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $74.26. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Lincoln National Corporation (LNC) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Next » United Technologies Corporation (UTX) Shares Sold by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
LifestyleLifestyle Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Songstress Dessert Puddings Score 7.8 More Stats +/- Dairy-Free Chia Puddings Organic Chocolate Puddings Vegan Cookie Puddings Handmade Eclectic Dessert Boxes Vegan Custard Puddings 37Similar Photos The Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding will be Exclusively at Walmart By: Michael Hemsworth - Jan 27, 2017 References: brandeating The legendary songstress Patti LaBelle is foraying into the world of dessert puddings with the announcement of the new Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding. Set to be available exclusively at Walmart, the Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding consists of a pudding layered with creamy banana mousse and vanilla wafers in solid and crumbled form. The new Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding dessert comes as an addition to the existing lineup of desserts from the singer's self-titled lineup of treats at Walmart. The dessert pudding is being positioned as an indulgent comfort food that is more premium than what would be found at the big box retailer regularly. The Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding is set to be available nationwide across the United States as of now. #1 INNOVATION KEYNOTE VIDEOS Join 5,000,0000 people getting Better & Faster w/ Jeremy Gutsche's Innovation Keynotes ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Innovation Accelerator Innovation Keynotes Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Future Festival Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Natural Gelatin DessertsJell-O's 'Simply Good' Line Blends Gelatin with Real Fruit Juices Chia Pudding PacketsSimply Raw's 'CHIA-PUDDINGs TO GO' are Packaged for Portability Gourmet Pistachio SpreadsThe PC Black Label Pistachio Spread Boasts 30% Iranian Nut Ingredients Conveniently Packaged Baby PuddingsThe Organic Rice Pudding from Ella's Kitchen Comes in Pouches 50 Delicious Dairy-Free SnacksFrom Coconut-Based Yogurts to Chocolate Organic Hummus 15 Futuristic Food ProductsFrom Purple-Hued Porridges to Pressed Smoothie Bars Stats for Songstress Dessert Puddings Trending: Today & Popular Research: 119 clicks in 1 d Interest: 0.9 minutes Concept: Dessert Pudding Related: 48 examples / 37 photos Segment: Neutral, 12-55 Comparison Set: 18 similar articles, including: organic chocolate puddings, dairy-free chia puddings, and vegan cookie puddings. Related Reports: Pudding Report, Confectionery Report, Seasonal Dessert Report, Popsicle Report, Kid's Dessert Report SCORE: 7.8 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 26 time: 0.1037 , e-time: 0.1056
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 52° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Local News News U.S. World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Florida NAACP ponders role of charter schools Excitement in Orlando over sold out Pro Bowl Boa constrictor removed from Casselberry apartment Photos Apollo 1 memorial service Weather Babies: Jan. 23 to Jan. 27 Weather Babies: Jan. 9 to Jan. 13 © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Lawmakers looking at tearing down 'liquor wall' FOX 35 News at 11 p.m. By: By JIM TURNER THE NEWS SERVICE OF FLORIDA Posted:Jan 26 2017 11:46PM EST Updated:Jan 26 2017 11:46PM EST Lawmakers looking at tearing down 'liquor wall' Local News Lawmakers looking at tearing down 'liquor wall' A measure that would allow Floridians to mix vodka and veggies in their shopping carts --- something prohibited for more than eight decades --- sailed through a Senate committee on Thursday. Related Stories Excitement grows in Orlando over sold out Pro Bowl Florida NAACP ponders role of charter schools Fear of alleged shooting plot keeps students home Governor allocates $15M for beach restoration TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (NSF) - A measure that would allow Floridians to mix vodka and veggies in their shopping carts --- something prohibited for more than eight decades --- sailed through a Senate committee on Thursday. The Regulated Industries Committee, in a 9-1 vote, backed the latest proposal (SB 106) to repeal a Depression-era law requiring liquor stores and bars to be separated from groceries and other retail goods, commonly referred to as the "liquor wall." The measure could be a boon to some "big box" retailers. Meanwhile, lawmakers are looking to exclude some small gas stations and neighborhood convenience stores if the proposal becomes law. The proposal, which has failed to advance in past sessions, pits retailers Wal-Mart and Target, both in favor of the repeal, against Lakeland-based shopping giant Publix and ABC Fine Wine & Spirits. Sen. Audrey Gibson, D-Jacksonville, said she doesn't see the proposed change causing small independent liquor stores to go out of business, as they would continue to attract "niche" customers. "It's a whole different demographic," Gibson said in voting for the proposal. "I go to (an) ABC (in Jacksonville). There is a Wal-Mart I can take the next exit to go to that has a (separate) liquor store there, but I go to that ABC because they have certain brands that I don't believe that a Wal-Mart will ever have." Sen. Keith Perry, a Gainesville Republican who cast the lone vote against the measure, said after the meeting he's open to revisions in the bill but for now has concerns about access to alcohol by minors. "I have teenage daughters, and I have a sophomore in college, and access now is pretty available, whether in bar or places," Perry said. "It's not the competitiveness that I'm concerned about. I think we should have less barriers for business." The proposal is intended by its sponsor, Miami Republican Anitere Flores, to give shoppers more convenience. The bill would allow hard spirits such as whiskey and rum to be sold alongside beer, wine and groceries in traditional supermarkets and other stores that sell groceries. The measure would also allow liquor stores to expand their grocery options. Jason Unger, a lobbyist for Target, said the change would "enable us to meet our customers' demands." Publix views stand-alone liquor stores directly adjacent to its regular stores as a business model. Scott Dick, a lobbyist for the Florida Independent Spirits Association, said the change would give the big-box operators an unfair competitive advantage over small liquor-store owners. "We operate under a level playing field today," Dick said. Charles Bailes, CEO of ABC Fine Wine & Spirits, argued big-box stores have been able to compete under the existing law and that there hasn't been a public outcry for the repeal. He also said the change would make liquor more accessible for minors to steal. Bailes noted that earlier this month an 18-year-old was arrested on multiple charges after telling a Wal-Mart manager in The Villages that she drank five cans of beer from the beer aisle. "Big box retailers have difficulty controlling what goes on in their stores, especially those that are minimally staffed," Bailes said. The bill could see some revisions in the coming weeks. Several committee members suggested greater fines for businesses repeatedly found selling liquor to minors. Also, they pointed to a need to exclude small gas stations and convenience stores that now have licenses to sell beer and wine from obtaining liquor licenses. A legal definition related to excluding certain gas stations and convenience stores from obtaining liquor licenses is already being crafted but remains a tricky issue, Flores said. "7-Eleven bad, Wawa I don't know," Flores told the committee. "I'm open to suggestions." Flores added that she'd be willing to consider adding higher fines for stores and people found repeatedly selling liquor to minors as suggested by Committee Chairman Travis Hutson, R-Elkton, and supported by some opponents of the repeal. The committee's support Thursday indicated that the proposal could have a better chance than past versions of the bill that failed to advance through the committee process in the House and Senate. The 2017 legislative session starts March 7. Rep. Bryan Avila, a Hialeah Republican who is sponsoring the House version of the bill (HB 81), said on Wednesday that consumers should be allowed to decide what they prefer. "Government's role is not to determine who wins and who loses in the market," Avila said. "I think consumers should be the one to determine whether a particular business or company is successful."   Information provided by The News Service of Florida.    false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Excitement grows in Orlando over sold out Pro Bowl Florida NAACP ponders role of charter schools Marijuana candy production found in Pasco Co. Fear of alleged shooting plot keeps students home Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false © 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices
Saturday, January 28, 2017 Archive My Account  Subscribe | Login Nashua-BoireFieldAirport;35.0;http://forecast.weather.gov/images/wtf/small/nskc.png;2017-01-28 04:20:14 Home Mobile Newsletters ePrint Weather Obituaries Advertise Subscribe News Local State/New England World/Nation Obituaries Crime Live News Business New Businesses Business People Sports Sport Columnist Local High School Kids Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Other National Sports Videos Food & Fun Encore Arts & Entertainment Food & Drink Lottery Telegraph Events NH.life NH Events Opinion Editorials Letters National Columns Local Commentary Reader News Community News Education Share Home & Family Health Life Sunday Magazine Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Advertise NH.life Special Sections Advertiser Media Kit Classifieds Place a Classified Ad Classified Ads Jobs Homes Yard Sales  ePrint    Help Careers Newsletters Subscriber Services Contact Print  Comments( 0 ) Friday, January 27, 2017 Scheme tricked couple into wiring money under guise of kidnapping By DEREK EDRY Staff Writer HUDSON – Capt. William Avery, who runs the Hudson Police Department’s operations bureau, is still in amazement at the complexity of a scam Jan. 25 that tricked a couple into wiring thousands of dollars to Puerto Rico via Western Union under the guise that their significant other had been kidnapped and held for ransom. “I have 24 years of service with the town of Hudson, and I have never in my career seen a more sophisticated scam,” Avery said. ... Subscribe or log in to read more  Sign up to continue Print subscriber?    Sign up for Full Access! Please sign up for as low as 36 cents per day to continue viewing our website. Digital subscribers receive Unlimited access to all stories from nashuatelegraph.com on your computer, tablet or smart phone. Access nashuatelegraph.com, view our digital edition or use our Full Access apps. Get more information at nashuatelegraph.com/fullaccess Sign up or Login HUDSON – Capt. William Avery, who runs the Hudson Police Department’s operations bureau, is still in amazement at the complexity of a scam Jan. 25 that tricked a couple into wiring thousands of dollars to Puerto Rico via Western Union under the guise that their significant other had been kidnapped and held for ransom. “I have 24 years of service with the town of Hudson, and I have never in my career seen a more sophisticated scam,” Avery said. The scammers, he said, managed to tie up both individual’s phone lines so that they couldn’t reach each other, and somehow made it so that both victims could hear the other’s voice on the phone. Moreover, at the same time, Hudson police received a call saying that two individuals were in the parking lot of Wal-Mart on Lowell Road, armed with AK-47 rifles, and were prepared to rob the store. This Wal-Mart was the same location where the female victim transferred the money to Puerto Rico. The robbery call was likely a distraction, Avery said. In order to know the location of the victim, he said, the scammers likely tracked her phone via GPS. While responding to the call, Hudson officers learned that Merrimack police were dealing with the same incident. In need of additional resources, Hudson police contacted the Nashua Police Department, which sent patrol officers to respond to Wal-Mart; Litchfield police resources were also used to patrol the northern part of the town. Merrimack Police Capt. Denise Roy said scams have become especially creative and difficult to detect as technology has improved “A frequent scam we see is when people call elderly folks in town and say their loved ones have been arrested and that they need bail money,” she said on Wednesday. HPD shared some common traits of this type of incident: n Calls are usually made from an outside area code, but often will “spoof” caller ID to appear to come from a known or local number. It may involve multiple phone calls. n Callers go to great lengths to keep you on the phone. They will also try prevent the victim from calling or locating the “kidnapped” victim. n Ransom money is only accepted via wire or online transfer. Additionally, they provided some tips to get through such a call: - Stay calm and try to slow the situation down. Avoid sharing information about yourself or your family during the call. - Request the kidnapped victim call back from his or her cell phone or ask to speak to the victim directly. Ask, “How do I know my loved one is OK?” - Listen carefully to the voice of the kidnapped victim if they speak and ask questions only they would know. If they don’t let you speak to the victim, ask them to describe the victim, what they are wearing: Jewelry or other small personal details only someone with them could know; or describe the vehicle they drive, if applicable. - While staying on the line, try to call the the victim from another phone, or through social media. Don’t directly challenge or argue with the caller, contact local law enforcement through 911, or contact the FBI. Derek Edry can be reached at 594-1243, dedry@nashuatelegraph.com or @Telegraph_Derek. Top Jobs Contemporary Chrysler • Jeep • Dodge Ram is hiring!! Outside Sales Advertising Top Properties Forest Ridge  Forest Ridge Canterbury Apartments Nashua Technology Park Nashua Office Park Woodlands at Nashua Regency North Condominiums Site Map Local News State & New England Nation & World News Sports Business Obituaries Politics Opinion Home & Family Reader News Encore Lotteries Public Notices Connect With Us News tip Email reporters and edtiors Facebook Twitter Instagram Submit letters Contact Information Advertising Information NIE Sign up for newsletters Subscription Information Privacy Policy/User Agreement 110 Main Street Suite 1, Nashua, NH 03060, 603.882.2741 © 2017 The Telegraph, All Rights Reserved
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart revamps pay policy, speeds up training program By Sarah Nassauer Published: Jan 26, 2017 5:41 p.m. ET Share Average full-time salary is $13.69 an hour, retailer says Getty Images Wal-Mart employs 1.5 million people, both in its stores and in corporate positions, making it the largest private employer in the U.S. By SarahNassauer Two years after raising minimum wages for store employees to $9 per hour, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is making adjustments to the way it hands out pay increases and trains store employees. The retailer will abbreviate a training program that new employees must complete to earn $10 per hour. The six-month program introduced last year will now take three months to complete, said company executives. Wal-Mart WMT, -1.60%   will stick with an annual raise system it first implemented last year, in which most store employees get their raise on a single day. That changes a longtime practice of linking store employees’ annual raises to performance, doling them out on each employee’s hire-date anniversary. This year employees hired on or before Oct. 31, 2016 will get a 2% raise on Feb. 18th.  Longtime workers who make the most their job title allows get a onetime lump sum of 2% of their annual pay, as they did last year. Wal-Mart says its average salary is $13.69 per hour, or about $25,000 a year for a full-time employee, a pool the company says makes up just over half of its store workers. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap(2:18) Harvard Business School Professor Bharat Anand explains why cheap digital content - from unlimited music and video streaming, to free online document processors and cheap e-books - actually helps tech giants make money. Also popular on WSJ.com: Canceled meetings deepens U.S.-Mexico rift. We’re already at Dow 30,000, you just don’t know it. More from MarketWatch Apple earnings: iPhone 7 could break streak of shrinking sales The 10 cheapest, fastest-growing and most beloved Dow stocks Melania Trump Speaks at Inaugural Armed Services Ball Quote References WMT -1.07 -1.60% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $65.66 -1.07 (-1.60%) Volume 13.2M Open $66.86 High $66.97 Low $65.28 P/E Ratio 14.27 Div Yield 3.05 Market Cap 205.1B LatestNews
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   White Sox updated: 1/26/2017 8:48 PM Heat rising for Chicago White Sox prospect Kopech Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Pitching prospect Michael Kopech calls Chicago White Sox season ticket holders Thursday at Guaranteed Rate Field. Scot Gregor | Staff Photographer   Scot Gregor Follow @scotgregor     He comes from Daingerfield, and everybody in the tiny East Texas town knows hard-throwing pitching prospect Michael Kopech. "I can walk through a Wal-Mart and say hi to everybody in Wal-Mart and that's that," Kopech said. After landing early Thursday and easing into SoxFest weekend, Kopech started walking through Chicago, his new home as a professional baseball player. Given his rocket arm and bright future, the 20-year-old starting pitcher could soon be a familiar face on the South Side and throughout the city. One of four minor-leaguers acquired from the Boston Red Sox in a December trade for ace starter Chris Sale, Kopech already has made a name for himself by hitting 105 mph on the radar gun while pitching for high Class A Salem last season and registering 110 mph in a throwing drill earlier this month. "It's kind of surreal to have this much attention on me, because a small town out of Texas is where I grew up," Kopech said. "All of this has been surreal, but I'm extremely excited about it." The White Sox are excited about having the 6-foot-3, 205-pounder in their system. "That dude slings it, huh?" said Zack Burdi, another Sox pitching prospect who regularly throws 100-mph fastballs. "I watched some video of him; it's really impressive. The guy, the way the ball jumps out his hand, everything is electric. The changeup's even electric. It's really cool, and I'm excited to see him live at some point this year." Burdi, a Downers Grove native drafted No. 26 overall by the White Sox last June, is expected to be in the major leagues at some point this season. As for Kopech, he still needs polish in the minors and might not be seen in Chicago until the 2018 season. "I throw hard and it's fun, but my main focus is pitching," said Kopech, rated as baseball's 30th best prospect by MLB.com. "I'm excited to get out there and throw strikes more than anything." In 2016, Kopech got into a fight with a teammate during spring training. He fractured his pitching (right) hand and missed the first two months of the season. Kopech pitched a combined 56⅓ innings with Salem and low A Lowell and had 86 strikeouts. He also walked 33. "There's not too many negatives to having a great arm," Kopech said. "Not to pat myself on the back, but I have a pretty good arm. One of those things is learning how to throw strikes, so that's my main focus right now. I have the velocity behind that, so that's good." At the end of last season, Kopech was very good in the Arizona Fall League, going 3-0 with a 2.01 ERA in 6 starts. He had 26 strikeouts and 8 walks in 22⅓ innings for the Surprise Saguaros. Kopech is likely to spend the bulk of the upcoming season with Class AA Birmingham, but he figures prominently in the White Sox's future. He received an invite to the Sox's major-league, spring-training camp, which opens Feb. 14. "They've been talking about the rebuilding stage, or whatever you want to call it, and I'm glad to be a part of that," Kopech said. "I think it's a good opportunity for me and I think it's great for the team. I'm very excited about it." Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the White Sox Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: Sports Chicago MLB White Sox Baseball Members Get More Pro Men Video White Sox Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 27, 2017January 27, 2017 by Press Release Walmart and the Walmart Foundation Announce $200,000 Towards Tornado Relief and Recovery Donations and needed supplies to assist organizations leading efforts in Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia and Florida. SOURCE: Walmart DESCRIPTION: BENTONVILLE, Ark., January 25, 2016 /3BL Media/ – Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have made a commitment to provide support through cash and product donations of $200,000 to organizations helping in response to the severe weather that impacted Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia and Florida. As a part of this commitment, Walmart is working closely with the American Red Cross, Salvation Army and Convoy of Hope while coordinating efforts with elected officials and governmental entities to help meet the needs of those affected. “Our associates and leadership on the ground are actively working to help the communities affected by this disaster,” said Martin Mundo, Senior Vice President of Operations. “As part of our commitment, local Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations have already been supporting local relief, donating approximately $20,000 in product. In the coming days we will continue to work with non-profits, first responders, elected officials and governmental organizations to identify needs and provide additional support.” Walmart has a long history of providing aid in times of disasters, helping communities prepare and recover by donating emergency supplies, such as food and water, home and personal products. In the last 10 years, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have donated more than $56 million in cash and in-kind donations in response to disaster events. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,528 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. About Philanthropy at Walmart By using our strengths to help others, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation create opportunities for people to live better every day. Walmart has stores in 28 countries, employing more than 2.4 million associates and doing business with thousands of suppliers who, in turn, employ millions of people. Our philanthropy helps people live better by supporting upward job mobility and economic development for the retail workforce; addressing hunger and making healthier, more sustainably-grown food a reality; and building strong communities where Walmart operates and inspiring our associates to give back. Whether it is helping to lead the fight against hunger in the United States with $2 billion in cash and in-kind donations or supporting Women’s Economic Empowerment through a series of grants totaling $10 million to the Women in Factories training program in Bangladesh, China, India and Central America, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are not only working to tackle key social issues, we are also collaborating with others to inspire solutions for long-lasting systemic change. To learn more about Walmart’s giving, visit http://www.foundation.walmart.com.   Tweet me: .@WalmartNewsroom: Walmart Foundation Announces $200,000 Towards Tornado Relief and Recovery http://bit.ly/2k43x2m KEYWORDS: Philanthropy, Business & Trade, Walmart CategoriessatPRnews TagsBit, Devices, Mobile Post navigation Previous PostPrevious STERIS plc to Announce Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Financial Results on February 7, 2017 Next PostNext Platinex Acquires Strike Extension Along Historic Gold Structure in Asquith Township Near Shining Tree, Ontario Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel January 28, 2017 Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided January 28, 2017 Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves January 28, 2017 Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America January 28, 2017 New Floors from Syracuse Flooring America Transform Any Room Quickly & Efficiently January 28, 2017 Baby Play Mats Get Safer and Adorable with the New Online Store, Bubble and Bee January 28, 2017 Explore New Ways to Upgrade a Home During the Red Carpet Clearance Sale at Noel Maestri’s Flooring America in Covington, LA January 28, 2017 Johnstown, PA, Flooring Store Makes Home Renovations More Affordable for Customers January 28, 2017 “Stan Mikita’s All-Star Café Presented by Honda” Announces Exciting Schedule During 2017 Honda NHL All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles January 28, 2017 Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers January 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Town of Apple Valley, Wal-Mart file petition for rehearing Thursday Jan 26, 2017 at 5:29 PM Jan 26, 2017 at 5:42 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — Attorneys for the town and Wal-Mart have filed a petition for a rehearing on a legal matter that has, thus far, thwarted future construction of a Supercenter here. The Jan. 20 filing came nine days after Town Manager Frank Robinson said the Town Council would “consider all of its options” related to a ruling in the 4th District Court of Appeal that the Council violated the Brown Act in 2013 by approving an agreement with Wal-Mart that was not agendized. The now-illegal agreement allowed the town to accept an offer from Wal-Mart to fund a special election for Measure D, known locally as the “Walmart Initiative Measure.” Voters passed the measure in November 2013, but the ruling nullified and voided Measure D. On Wednesday, the town and Wal-Mart issued a joint statement to the Daily Press in which the two parties said the petition was filed with the appellate court to “address a misunderstanding of the facts about the trial court’s decision.” Specifically, the statement read, "the trial court found that the Town did not violate the Brown Act in approving the Resolutions setting the Special Election, and we believe it is important for the Court of Appeal to understand that fact correctly in making its decision.” The statement’s sentiment is similar to comments Robinson previously gave the Daily Press. Following a review of the appellate court’s decision, Robinson said the town was “obviously disappointed in the Brown Act decision, especially as it was premised on some incorrect facts.” The “incorrect facts,” according to Robinson, relate to the trial court finding that the Council’s decision to send the initiatives to voters did not violate the Brown Act. A review of court documents shows that both the trial and appellate courts did find, however, that the Council did violate the Brown Act in approving the agreement with Wal-Mart, which, in turn, made the voter-approved initiative illegal. San Diego-based attorney Cory Briggs, who represents Apple Valley resident Gabriel Hernandez — the plaintiff in the case — previously said while he wasn’t sure, he believed the amount Wal-Mart paid to the town for the special election was approximately $250,000. On Thursday, Briggs told the Daily Press he was aware of the petition’s filing, but he added he had not yet seen it. Briggs, however, did offer a response to the joint statement and the “incorrect facts” comments lodged by Robinson. “This court spent a lot of time on the case,” he said, “and didn't get the facts wrong.” San Bernardino County Superior Court Judge David Cohn first ruled against the town and Wal-Mart on the matter in February 2015. The two parties later filed their appeal in the 4th District in June of that year, insisting the trial court “erred by looking outside the Initiative to the ballot materials to 'identify' Walmart as the beneficiary of the Initiative.” The appellate court’s ruling, which also reversed Cohn’s decision that the initiative violated the California Constitution, came on Jan. 5, and it is unknown when the petition will be taken under review. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read White House weighs 20% import tax to fund US-Mexico border wall The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts Russia’s parliament votes to decriminalise domestic violence Trump to call Putin as he considers lifting Russia sanctions  Theresa May urges UK and US to resist ‘eclipse of the west’ US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read What the world hears from Donald Trump White House weighs 20% import tax to fund US-Mexico border wall The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal Trump to call Putin as he considers lifting Russia sanctions  Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal Tesco swoops on food supplier Booker in £3.7bn deal City Insider: UBS’s new office design woes Corporate America employs new tactics to avoid Trump ire Top Swedish executive probed for suspected elk hunting bribery Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read What Lehman Brothers staff did next Chinese shoppers begin to buy luxury brands again — at home UK shrugs off Brexit fears to be fastest growing G7 economy in 2016 Trump adviser Icahn faces conflict of interest scrutiny over biofuels The dangers of writing coal’s obituary Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read What the world hears from Donald Trump Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal City Insider: UBS’s new office design woes A gentleman’s dress code guide for the office Theresa May will not find it easy to broker a US-UK trade deal Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Blockchain believers hold fast to a utopian vision MBA project at Cern develops device to bring electricity to refugees Virtual reality takes you into the movies Enforcing the ‘sexy secretary’ look at work humiliates women FT 2016 European Business School Ranking: UK top but rivals close in Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Murdoch & Sons: Lachlan, James and Rupert’s $62bn empire Daniel Hannan, the brains behind Brexit: what’s next for Britain? London without social climbers? One big Fulham The first days in office of Donald Trump and Sean Spicer My daughter, the footballer: sexism and the beautiful game Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Lawmakers speak out against US import tax plan Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 1/27/2017 10:23 PM Missing Chicago man spotted in Crystal Lake Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Lawrence "Larry" Johnson   Daily Herald report Crystal Lake police are seeking the public's help in finding a Chicago man suffering from memory loss who was last seen early Thursday morning behind a Wal-Mart in Crystal Lake. Lawrence "Larry" Johnson, 69, of Chicago has been reported by his family as a missing endangered person. Johnson is 5 feet 9 inches tall, weighs approximately 115 pounds, and has gray hair and brown eyes. He was last seen wearing one-piece blue coveralls with a zipper in the front and a Wal-Mart embroidered patch on the chest. Johnson was without a jacket or hat when he was last seen. Crystal Lake police said store video surveillance recorded Johnson on foot at 2:40 a.m. Jan. 26 at the rear of the Wal-Mart at 1205 S. Route 31 in Crystal Lake. Johnson is without access to a motor vehicle. Anyone with information on Johnson's location should call either the Crystal Lake Police Department at (815) 356-3620 or the Chicago Police Department Missing Persons Section at (312) 747-5789. Tweet This article filed under: News Crystal Lake Chicago Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Entertainment Food Life Opinion Podcasts Obituaries Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Insider USA Today Media Business Directory USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Entertainment Food Life Opinion Podcasts Obituaries Weather Insider USA Today Media Business Directory USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart seeks approval to mount more signs Walmart Supercenter wants to mount eight additional signs Post to Facebook Walmart seeks approval to mount more signs Walmart Supercenter wants to mount eight additional signs  Check out this story on commercialappeal.com: http://memne.ws/2jG1NsU {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart seeks approval to mount more signs Tom Bailey , USA TODAY NETWORK – Tennessee 4:46 p.m. CT Jan. 27, 2017 Buy Photo Walmart seeks approval to add eight more signs to the Walmart Supercenter in Cordova. (Photo: Tom Bailey/The Commercial Appeal)Buy Photo 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE The Walmart Supercenter in Cordova is so big and offers so many different types of retail — from tire shop to grocery, from garden supplies to pharmacy, etc. — that it should get to mount more than the five signs allowed. That's the argument that the giant retailer is making to the Board of Adjustment in requesting an exception to a rule for the store at 577 N. Germantown Parkway. The local ordinance limits the number of exterior, wall-mounted signs to five. Walmart wants to install eight more signs in addition to what it says are the five already there. "We believe that the size of the structures, along with the setback of the building and the buildings surrounding the site would severely limit the equal identification of services,'' states the letter of intent submitted by a design consultant to Walmart. "The building of the site and structure is larger than the typical single user development,'' the letter states. "The layout of the site is one that is necessary to accommodate parking, access and site related issues such as drainage. The Walmart Supercenter is a large, single user providing multiple services ordinarily requiring multiple users.'' The Board of Adjustment will consider the request during its meeting at 2 p.m. on Feb. 22 in Memphis City Hall. Among the issues, board members will likely weigh making an exception because of the store's extraordinary size against the precedence such an exception may set. Would not other big-box stores also want to install extra signs? Josh Whitehead, planning director for Memphis and Shelby County, said Walmart's request appears to coincide with Walmart's plans to add facilities for customers to pick up pharmacy items in the back of the building, near the southwest corner. "It appears Walmart is adding pharmacy pick-up window (or pneumatic tubes) to the southern facade of the building and would like to inform customers of this new service feature,'' Whitehead said in an email response to questions. "The sign code contains an absolute limit of five attached signs, regardless of the size of the retailer,'' Whitehead said. "At 230,000 square feet, this is one of the largest retail structures in the city.'' Retail trends also may be a factor. In addition to the existing, permanent signs, Walmart has hung a banner sign near the front, south end directing customers to a side door. It states: "Pickup: Order groceries online. Pick up here.'' Former Board of Adjustment member Ray Brown said that while he would certainly consider Walmart's special circumstances, he would be concerned about setting a harmful precedence. While the current request involves the suburban, car-accommodating development of Cordova, subsequent requests could be "on the Fairgrounds or some urban neighborhood development,'' Brown said. "I'm always nervous about setting precedents and things that might be transferable to a more urban area without much thinking involved,'' said Brown, who owns Ray Brown Urban Design. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://memne.ws/2jG1NsU
Skip Nav Food Subscribe to the Must Have Box UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Did you know we have a UK site? Did you know we have a Australia site? Did you know we have a France site? Did you know we have a Deutschland site? Did you know we have a Middle East site? Did you know we have a الشرق الأوسط site? x Introducing Your New Favorite Banana Pudding, Courtesy of Patti LaBelle Get the Dish Fuel Your Rainbow Obsession With These Unicorn-Poop-Inspired Meringues Food Video The Truth Behind Costco’s $5 Rotisserie Chicken Dinner 22 Cozy Slow-Cooker Casseroles That Make Life Easy 1/27/17 1/27/17 POPSUGAR Food Food Reviews Patti LaBelle Banana Pudding Review Introducing Your New Favorite Banana Pudding, Courtesy of Patti LaBelle January 27, 2017 by Erin Cullum 17 Shares Patti LaBelle has added banana pudding to her lineup of desserts available exclusively at Walmart. Eager to try this dessert knowing how delicious Patti's famous sweet potato pie is, we immediately got our hands on a sample. "The new pudding is prepared with high quality ingredients for an authentic, home-style taste . . . It features rich banana pudding and a creamy banana pudding mousse studded with 12 vanilla wafers and a vanilla wafer crumble," a Walmart spokesperson said in a press release. Wondering if the real thing would live up to the claim — and if it would make us shout, "Oh, Patti!" — we tried it with high hopes. Here's what a handful of POPSUGAR editors thought of Patti's banana pudding ($10/box) after giving it a taste. "Not bad; I'd eat it again." "Anything Patti is all the things." "Nice texture. A little too sweet, but good. Would buy. Needs more wafers or crumbs." "Divine!" "Seems a little grainy. A little too sweet and starchy." As you can see, our opinions varied, but the overall consensus is if you're not going to take the time to make homemade banana pudding, this is a solid store-bought option. We'd recommend adding fresh banana slices on top to make it even better. Thanks, Patti! ADVERTISEMENT Related: Is Patti LaBelle's New Sweet Potato Pecan Pie Worth the Hype? Magnolia Bakery's Famous Banana Pudding Image Source: POPSUGAR Photography / Erin Cullum Join the conversation Share this post Food ReviewsPatti LabelleFood ShoppingFood NewsGrocery ShoppingBananasWalmartDessert Around The Web What’s Your Reaction? Thanks for your reaction Don’t forget to share this with your friends! 0Reactions Join The Conversation Get Inspired With Our Living Newsletter You're subscribed! Sign Up For Our Newsletter Select topics that interest you Vegetarian Food DIY Home Love and Sex Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Related Posts Get the Dish Fuel Your Rainbow Obsession With These Unicorn-Poop-Inspired Meringues by Brandi Milloy 10 hours ago Dessert Your Heart Will Weep For How Friggin' Cute These Animal Macarons Are by Sarah Siegel 16 hours ago Dessert If You Haven't Tried These Foods Frozen, You Haven't Lived by Brinton Parker 1 day ago Food News ICYMI, Whole Foods Has the Most Amazing Self-Serve Mochi Bars by Erin Cullum 1 day ago Dominique Ansel Cookie Cups Inspired by Dominique Ansel's Cookie Shots by Brandi Milloy 1 day ago Food and Activities 17 Cake Pops to Add to Your Family's Treat Table on Super Bowl Sunday by Alessia Santoro 1 day ago Food Video Your Wait to Try Oreo Creme Eggs Is Over by Brandi Milloy 2 days ago Food News We'll Accept Endless Bouquets of This Rose-Shaped Ice Cream by Erin Cullum 2 days ago Original Recipes Dairy-Free Truffles to Help Get You in the Mood This Valentine's Day by Alle Weil 3 days ago POPSUGAR, the #1 independent media and technology company for women. Where more than 75 million women go for original, inspirational content that feeds their passions and interests. From Our Partners Latest Food Get Your Daily Serving of Must-Try Recipes Home Vegetarian Food Tech Love and Sex DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Pinterest Follow Add us on Snapchat × Live deliciously Personalize Tasty tips, recipes, and more for your whole home delivered to your inbox. Home Vegetarian Food Tech Love and Sex DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. × POPSUGAR We’re Hiring! Write For Us About Us Terms Privacy Policy Contact More POPSUGAR: Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights ShopStyle ShopStyle Collective POPSUGAR International: UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Sign Up For Our Award Winning Email: Live deliciously Personalize Tasty tips, recipes, and more for your whole home delivered to your inbox. Home Vegetarian Food Tech Love and Sex DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Get POPSUGAR On The Go: Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Follow Us ©2017 POPSUGAR Inc. × Celebrity Celebrity News Entertainment News Movies Television Celebrity Couples Celebrities Award Season Fashion Fashion News Shopping and Style Celebrity Style Video Award Season Fitness Workouts Healthy Living Weight Loss Fitness Video January Jump-Start Power Your Happy POPSUGAR GLOW Beauty Makeup Hair Nails Beauty Video Beauty Trend Finder Award Season Love Relationships Sex Women Nostalgia Books Power Your Happy Moms Parenting Pregnancy Babies Toddlers Little Kids Tweens and Teens Food and Fun Living Home Tech Smart Living Pets Find Your Happy Power Your Happy Sip Joyfully Career Work Personal Finance Job Search Power Your Happy Power Your Happy Q & A Food Recipes Cooking Basics Party Planning Food News Power Your Happy Food Video Latina Recipes Family Life Celebrity Fashion Beauty Fitness Award Season News Power Your Happy Video Entertainment Fashion Beauty Fitness Food Tech Home Login / Register We're Hiring! Write For Us About Us Advertising Contact FAQ Archives Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights ShopStyle ShopStyle Collective Terms Privacy Policy ©2017 PopSugar • POPSUGAR Living × Live deliciously Personalize Tasty tips, recipes, and more for your whole home delivered to your inbox. Home Vegetarian Food Tech Love and Sex DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. All the Latest From Ryan Reynolds
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments State police investigating double homicide in Walmart parking lot walmartBN.jpg Print Email Oona Goodin-Smith | ogoodins@mlive.com By Oona Goodin-Smith | ogoodins@mlive.com The Flint Journal Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 27, 2017 at 6:56 PM, updated January 27, 2017 at 10:29 PM comments This story has been updated. CALEDONIA TWP., MI - Michigan State Police are actively investigating a double homicide in a Walmart parking lot. Police responded to a call that described two lifeless bodies inside a vehicle in the lot on Friday, Jan. 27 at the Walmart Supercenter located at 1621 E M-21 in Caledonia Township.   The vehicle is roped off in the parking lot while police investigate, said Lt. David Kaiser. Police have not identified the two individuals and said there are no suspects in the investigation. Two men dead in Walmart parking lot -- 'Nobody knows what to think' Michigan's Best Day 2: Highlights from Ann Arbor, Saline and Tecumseh Day 1: We visited Detroit, the bowling capital of the world The 27 bowling alleys we'll visit on our search Your picks for Michigan's Best Bowling Alley 10 facts about bowling in Michigan Guide to all Michigan's Best searches Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Rams Blues Colleges High Schools High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections 2016 Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Local Ads Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Place Ad Crime January 27, 2017 4:12 PM Police seek your help in case of $1,000 shoplifting incident at Walmart 1 of 3 i By Dana Rieck drieck@bnd.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Godfrey Madison County Sheriff’s Office investigators are asking the public to identify two people pictured in Walmart surveillance footage in connection with a $1,000 shoplifting case. Capt. T. Mike Dixon wrote on the agency’s Facebook page that the two are being sought for questioning regarding Tuesday’s theft at the Godfrey Walmart, 6660 Godfrey Road. The post stated that more than $1,000 in electronics were stolen that day. “The individuals pictured are to be presumed innocent of all crimes at this point, and are simply being sought for questioning in connection with the event,” Dixon wrote. Anyone with information is asked to message the Madison County Sheriff’s Office Facebook account, call the dispatch center at 618-692-4433 or the anonymous tip line at 618-296-30000. Dana Rieck: 618-239-2642, @ByDanaRieck Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:05 Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? Pause 0:52 I spy with my home surveillance eye, a criminal 2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. 1:21 Man who can't sweat? He doesn't sweat it 0:57 Fire at Miracle Tabernacle church in Washington Park, IL 0:41 New St. Clair County Circuit Judge Ron Duebbert sworn in 0:35 Fatal accident at North 79th and St. Clair Avenue 1:47 Witness describes fatal rollover crash, ejections 1:28 O'Fallon senior talks basketball win over Collinsville 1:30 Okawville senior talks basketball win over Columbia Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 22 days ago Prosecutor responds to call for DNA testing in 1983 murder case 1:16 22 days ago Prosecutor responds to call for DNA testing in 1983 murder case 3:30 3 months ago Woman charged with felony in connection with Monday incident near Marissa 1:22 4 months ago State's Attorney talks sentencing for man who shot at trooper View more video Crime Police want commuters to steer clear of manhunt Police seek your help in case of $1,000 shoplifting incident at Walmart Judge finds out man dealt ‘ice,’ increases federal prison sentence Sheriff’s office investigates skinned animals dumped off roadway Jury reaches verdict on whether man is sexually dangerous Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Iowa City woman accused of threatening student newspaper employees Iowa bill that would cut Planned Parenthood funding also would affect University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics Center Point-Urbana shuts out Marion in final 6:11 to post key 48-37 win New Cedar Rapids women’s shelter awaits more donations before opening Jarrod Uthoff traded to Fort Wayne of D-League Drake outlasts UNI in two overtimes, 88-79 Prep basketball roundup: Kane Kramer's 27 points, late 3 help Jefferson beat Kennedy Iowa breaks streak, beats Ohio State 21-13 Center Point-Urbana shuts out Marion in final 6:11 to post key 48-37 win Marion marches closer to divisional title U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade Video Photo Bottles of Corona beer, the flagship brand of Group Modelo, are pictured at a restaurant in Mexico City, Mexico January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Henry Romero By By Noel Randewich, Reuters Jan 27, 2017 at 3:58 pm | Print View SAN FRANCISCO — Shares of U.S. supermarket operators fell on Friday as President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico, which is a major supplier of produce and other foods for U.S. consumers. A day after the White House suggested that the United States could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger Co fell more than 1 percent, while Whole Foods Market dropped 2.8 percent. Trump on Friday repeated statements that Mexico, a major exporter of vegetables, fruits and beer, has taken advantage of the United States. Mexico, he said, “beat us to a pulp,” deepening worries about a crisis between the two trading partners. On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a planned trip to Washington to meet Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border to halt illegal immigration. The White House later said the potential 20 percent tax could be used to pay for the wall. Mexico was the second-largest supplier of agricultural exports to the United States in 2015, according to the Office of the United States Trade Representative, or USTR. Mexican agricultural exports to the United States in 2015 totaled about $21.6 billion, up 191 percent from 1993, before the two countries and Canada cemented the North American Free Trade Agreement, according to the USTR. Less than 1 percent of Hass avocados - the main ingredient in guacamole - sold in the United States so far in 2017 were domestically grown, with 93 percent arriving from Mexico, according to the Hass Avocado Board. The United States consumes nearly all of its own tomatoes, exporting just 6 percent, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Of the tomatoes the United States imports, Mexico accounts for 71 percent, with Canada supplying most of the rest. A new tax on food imported from Mexico would leave supermarkets with the difficult choices of raising prices, sacrificing already low profitability, or a mixture of the two. U.S. grocers deal with a higher-than-average cost of goods sold than most other industries, resulting in razor-thin margins. Through 2015, the six-year average cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue for U.S. grocers was 73.4 percent versus around 56 percent for all U.S. industries, according to Plunkett Research. Shares Kroger and Wal-Mart are down about 3 percent from before Trump’s inauguration a week ago while food distributor Sysco has lost about 1.5 percent. (Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Leslie Adler and Meredith Mazzilli) Your next Nation & World articles March for Life: Pence speaks as thousand ... For airfare, does the day you buy matter ... Economy expands almost two percent in fo ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            New Walmart Distribution Center To Bring Thousands Of Jobs To Yucatan by The Yucatan Times Posted: Friday, January 27, 2017 at 3:35PM EST Yucatan is “in the sights” of Walmart, a commercial transnational company that has decided to invest $1.2 billion USD in the construction of distribution centers in the Peninsula to improve the supply of stores of five brands operating in the area. Yucatan would have at least one of these logistics centers. The moves are expected to generate about 10 thousand jobs in the region. The director of Corporate Communication Walmart Mexico and Central America, Antonio Ocaranza Fernandez, reported that the group has a line of five businesses: in Yucatan they already have 39 commercial spaces and this year they will open their store number 40 in Mérida, which will involve an investment of 3.4 billion pesos and more than 3,500 direct jobs. To read the rest of the story, please go to: The Yucatan Times Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business Super Bowl Ads     Best Super Bowl TV Deals: 65-inch Samsung KS8000 HDR 4K TV Dropped In Price Posted: Jan 27 2017, 2:17pm CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Super Bowl   This story may contain affiliate links. Photo Credit: Samsung   The Super Bowl is the perfect excuse to buy a new TV. Here are the best Super Bowl TV deals. Updated. Super Bowl 51 is less than three weeks away and the last four teams are set in the Playoffs. The fans of the Steelers, Patriots, Packers and Falcons can still hope that their team makes it to the Big Game. The AFC and NFC championships take place on January 22. The Conference Championship is already a reason enough to get a new big screen 4K TV. Don't Miss: The Best CES 2017 Gadgets Our top Super Bowl 2017 TV pick is the $1,497.99 65-inch Samsung UN65KS8000 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV. Amazon just cut another $200 off this top of the line 4K HDR TV.  This is the final chance to bag a great Super Bowl LI TV deal. The Samsung KS8000 supports HDR 1000 and was one of the most popular 4K TVs during the Holiday season. The KS8000 is at the sweet spot of value for the money. This Samsung is perfect for gaming on the PS4 and Xbox One S. The HDR 1000 support enables owners to take full use of Blu-ray 4K Ultra HD movies. The Samsung KS8000 series starts at $897.99 for the 49" model. The 55" KS8000 is on sale for $997.99. The best choice is though the biggest model, the $1,497.99 65-inch Samsung UN65KS8000 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV. Find more Super Bowl TV deals listed below. For fans of big screen TVs, Amazon offers the 75-inch Sony XBR75X850D 4K HDR Ultra HD Smart TV for $500 off the regular price. Customers pay $2,498 for this state-of-the-art 4K TV with incredible 75-inch screen size on amazon.com. The Sony XBR75X850D will blow the minds of your Super Bowl Party guests. There are also smaller models in the Sony XBR X850D TVs on sale on amazon.com starting at $998. The Big Game takes place on Feb. 5 and will be broadcasted on Fox. To fully enjoy the Super Bowl 2017 a big screen TV is the way to go. Consumers who have not scored a new TV during Black Friday can now expect to find deep discounts from major consumer electronics retailers. Look out for Super Bowl 2017 TV deals on Amazon.com, Best Buy and Walmart. Walmart owned warehouse Sam's Club gets in on the action and offers a broad range of Super Bowl 2017 TV deals online at samsclub.com. Customers can save time by choosing to pick up the TV in stores. Target has launched a Super Bowl TV sale on January 25. Find Target's Super Bowl 2017 TV deals on target.com. Sears gets into the action and launched a Super Bowl TV sale on sears.com with up to 30% off LG, Samsung and Vizio TVs. Is a 4K TV necessary to watch the Super Bowl LI? Super Bowl 50 was filmed with 8K cameras as a test. 4K cameras are already the standard equipment to film the Super Bowl. If the Super Bowl 2017 will be broadcasted in 4K anywhere is not known yet. 4K live broadcast are still rare. DirecTV has one 4K channel that broadcasts 4K content all day. The technology is here to stream 4K video. Netflix, Amazon, Hulu and Youtube offer 4K streaming. Fox could theoretically stream the Super Bowl 2017 in 4K online. While it is not clear if the Super Bowl will be available in 4K, it is advisable in 2017 to get a 4K UHD TV. The 4K revolution has taken place in the Holiday shopping season. Now it is just a question about going low-end 4K or high-end 4K featuring HDR support. Best Buy has launched the Super Bowl 2017 TV sale online at bestbuy.com in the first days of January. Special Super Bowl 2017 TV deals include a $1,699.99 65-inch Samsung 4K SUHD Smart TV and $599.99 60-inch Sony 1080p TV. Walmart wants you to get "Bowl Ready" with their Super Bowl TV deals. Find all offers on walmart.com. The 50-inch VIZIO E50x-E1 SmartCast 4K Ultra HD, Smart, LED Home Theater Display is on sale for $398. Amazon offers special Big Game deals on two projectors. The Optoma HD142X 1080p 3000 Lumens 3D DLP Home Theater Projector is on sale for $549.99 and the Optoma HD27 1080p 3D DLP Home Theater Projector sells for $599.36. Best Super Bowl 2017 TV Deals $399.99 TCL 43UP130 43-Inch 4K Ultra HD Roku Smart LED TV $448 55-inch TCL 55FS3750 55" 1080p Roku Smart LED TV $1,797.99 65" Samsung UN65KS8000 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV $1,997 55" LG OLED55B6P 4K Ultra HD Smart OLED TV $2,198 Sony XBR65X930D 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD 3D Smart TV $2,797.99 75" Samsung UN75JU7100 4K Ultra HD 3D Smart LED TV Find the current TV deals on this page on amazon.com. Find out who is advertising at the Big Game in the Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list. Brands reportedly pay more than $5 million for a 30 second spot in the Super Bowl 2017 broadcast on Fox. The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. The full official title of the show between the first and second halftime is pretty long winded: Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. The Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show is the most-watched musical event of the year. More than 116.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year's show. Super Bowl LI and Halftime Show will be broadcast by FOX Sports from NRG Stadium in Houston. Super Bowl LI marks Pepsi's fifth year as title sponsor of the Super Bowl Halftime Show and 15th year as an NFL partner.  Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts. I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News GNC Super Bowl 2017 Ad 23 hours ago, 3:28am CST Mercedes-Benz Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 1 day ago, 12:53am CST Mercedes Super Bowl Commercial 2017 Directed By Coen Brothers Released 1 day ago, 12:47am CST Heinz Wants to Make Monday After Super Bowl Sunday a National Holiday 1 day ago, 3:04pm CST NASA Develops Super-sensitive Test for Detecting Life on Other Planets 3 hours ago 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 5 hours ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 6 hours ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 6 hours ago First Hybrid Human-Pig Embryos Created Using Stem Cells 6 hours ago Time Crystals: New Form of Matter Created 6 hours ago Aston Martin Reveals 580-HP Vanquish S Volante Convertible 7 hours ago New Study Reveals 1 in 4 Adults and 1 in 10 Teens in US Still Use Tobacco 7 hours ago Ford SmartLink Provides Older Cars Modem Connectivity Features 7 hours ago Apollo 1: NASA Honors Fallen Astronauts 8 hours ago Richard Kelly Talks About Making Donnie Darko 3 8 hours ago Featured News This Super Bowl 2017 TV Will Blow Away Your Friends The Celebrities in Super Bowl 2017 Commercials: Gal Gadot, Jason Statham, Justin Timberlake, Melissa McCarthy and More   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 To Buy Now NES Classic in Stock at Target Stores, Updated Super Bowl GNC Super Bowl 2017 Ad 23 hours ago, 3:28am CST Mercedes-Benz Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 1 day ago, 12:53am CST Mercedes Super Bowl Commercial 2017 Directed By Coen Brothers Released 1 day ago, 12:47am CST Heinz Wants to Make Monday After Super Bowl Sunday a National Holiday 1 day ago, 3:04pm CST More Super Bowl Stories Latest News NASA Develops Super-sensitive Test for Detecting Life on Other Planets 3 hours ago 2017 Skoda Kodiaq Scout Revealed Ahead of Geneva Motor Show Debut 5 hours ago Mercedes-Benz Previews Looks of its Next-Generation Cars with Aesthetics A 6 hours ago Next-Gen Volkswagen Golf GTI Set to Get Hybrid Performance Boost 6 hours ago More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Super Bowl 2017 Ads The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. Find all Super Bowl 2017 commercials listed in our Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list. Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts. I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Street Talk Tags: Donald Trump | Mexico | stocks | stores | retail | trade Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade (Dreamstime/Rob Williams) Friday, 27 Jan 2017 02:55 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Shares of U.S. supermarket operators fell on Friday as President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico, which is a major supplier of produce and other foods for U.S. consumers. A day after the White House suggested that the United States could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of both Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Kroger Co. fell more than 1 percent, while Whole Foods Market dropped as much as 2.8 percent. Trump on Friday repeated statements that Mexico has taken advantage of the United States and said Mexico "beat us to a pulp," deepening worries about a crisis between the two trading partners. On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto scrapped a planned trip to Washington to meet Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border to halt illegal immigration. The White House later said the potential 20 percent tax could be used to pay for the wall. Kroger shares were down about 3 percent from before Trump's inauguration a week ago while food distributor Sysco has lost about 1 percent. With investors also concerned that Trump could tear up trade deals with China and other countries, Wal-Mart has fallen 4.4 percent since he won the November election.  © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Shares of U.S. supermarket operators fell on Friday as President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico, which is a major supplier of produce and other foods for U.S. consumers. stocks, stores, retail, trade 210 Friday, 27 Jan 2017 02:55 PM 2017-55-27 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Do not forget mr.REICH is a FABIAN SOCIALIST ,he is like the Clintons!!... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened... Mexico President Demands North America Stay Free-Trade Zone Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 31 comments :...humane treatment of Mexican migrant workers....and a coordinated and...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 44-52 We set you thinking Saturday 28 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills 1485591360 China&India China to spend US$37 billion to tackle growing waste problem 1485593206 World Trump to call Japan’s Abe, other world leaders on Saturday 1485590460 World For Chinese New Year, Malaysian PM Najib hopes for a better economy, unity in Malaysia 1485588999 World 16,500 summonses issued during Malaysia’s Chinese New Year enforcement operation 1485588101 World Divided Koreans pay respect to ancestors 1485586306 World Trump bars refugees and citizens of 7 Muslim countries 1485583903 World Plenty of room for ‘bad dudes’ at Guantanamo 1485583305 China&India China marks Lunar New Year with prayers, incense, fireworks 1485582108 World Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK 1485580901 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485574348 Business Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei 1485573177 Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources 1485572257 World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 1485571574 Business Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing 1485566739 World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump 1485566708 World Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House 1485565285 World Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm 1485563692 World Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains 1485562401 Business Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico 1485562735 Business Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft 1485561920 Business Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers 1485560447 Business Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale 1485558748 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT 1485558913 World Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions 1485555742 Business Energy pipelines back in investor favor after Trump orders 1485558154 Business Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension 1485557390 Business Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator' 1485557674 Business Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners 1485558333 Business Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings 1485552061 World British PM May to raise trade, security with Turkey's Erdogan 1485556449 Business CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market 1485556130 Business Senator says U.S. Labor Department dismantled website for Wells Fargo workers 1485556384 World Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible 1485557184 World Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends 1485556617 Business GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance: sources 1485554936 World No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official 1485555537 World North Korea appears to have restarted plutonium reactor: think tank 1485554908 World Fillon's French presidential bid may be hurt by probe into wife's work 1485541015 Business Bosch, Cisco, BNY Mellon, others launch new blockchain consortium 1485553255 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade 1485552656 Business GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico: union 1485546292 World Swedish ex-finance minister and tycoon named suspects in bribery case 1485550775 World Security official: Mexican cartels inspired horrors in Brazil prison carnage 1485548308 World Holocaust Memorial selfie-takers apologize to Israeli shamer 1485548242 World Colombia and FARC rebels to wage joint fight against coca cultivation 1485547770 World Merkel: Security will be key issue in Germany's 2017 election campaign 1485547328 World One thousand boat migrants rescued, one found dead in Mediterranean 1485544790 Business Citigroup quietly launches small business lending website 1485551901 Business Mexico's Slim not selling New York Times stock: spokesman 1485550810 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade A clown sits inside a bus seen in front of a Wal-Mart store in Mexico City. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, January 28, 2017 Updated: 6:10 AM, January 28, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO - Shares of U.S. supermarket operators fell on Friday as President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico, which is a major supplier of produce and other foods for U.S. consumers. A day after the White House suggested that the United States could impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of Wal-Mart Stores <WMT.N> and Kroger Co <KR.N> fell more than 1 percent, while Whole Foods Market <WFM.O> dropped 2.8 percent. Trump on Friday repeated statements that Mexico, a major exporter of vegetables, fruits and beer, has taken advantage of the United States. Mexico, he said, "beat us to a pulp," deepening worries about a crisis between the two trading partners. On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a planned trip to Washington to meet Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border to halt illegal immigration. The White House later said the potential 20 percent tax could be used to pay for the wall. Mexico was the second-largest supplier of agricultural exports to the United States in 2015, according to the Office of the United States Trade Representative, or USTR. Mexican agricultural exports to the United States in 2015 totaled about $21.6 billion, up 191 percent from 1993, before the two countries and Canada cemented the North American Free Trade Agreement, according to the USTR. Less than 1 percent of Hass avocados - the main ingredient in guacamole - sold in the United States so far in 2017 were domestically grown, with 93 percent arriving from Mexico, according to the Hass Avocado Board. The United States consumes nearly all of its own tomatoes, exporting just 6 percent, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Of the tomatoes the United States imports, Mexico accounts for 71 percent, with Canada supplying most of the rest. A new tax on food imported from Mexico would leave supermarkets with the difficult choices of raising prices, sacrificing already low profitability, or a mixture of the two. U.S. grocers deal with a higher-than-average cost of goods sold than most other industries, resulting in razor-thin margins. Through 2015, the six-year average cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue for U.S. grocers was 73.4 percent versus around 56 percent for all U.S. industries, according to Plunkett Research. Shares Kroger and Wal-Mart are down about 3 percent from before Trump's inauguration a week ago while food distributor Sysco <SYY.N> has lost about 1.5 percent. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends higher as Trump becomes president Inside Today World 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills Trump to call Japan’s Abe, other world leaders on Saturday For Chinese New Year, Malaysian PM Najib hopes for a better economy, unity in Malaysia 16,500 summonses issued during Malaysia’s Chinese New Year enforcement operation Divided Koreans pay respect to ancestors Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Sports Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Tampines Rovers and head coach Akbar part ways Only Venus Williams stands in the way of Serena making history Bolt stripped of gold after Jamaica team mate Carter tests positive Entertainment Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend Elton John to turn Devil Wears Prada into musical Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested outside New York City museum Radio veteran Melson stayed connected with listeners About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas Fresh produce is seen in the Whole Foods grocery store in Ann Arbor, Michigan March 8, 2012. (Rebecca Cook/REUTERS) Fresh produce is seen in the Whole Foods grocery store in Ann Arbor, Michigan March 8, 2012. (Rebecca Cook/REUTERS) U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade Add to ... Reuters Published Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 2:57PM EST Last updated Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 2:57PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Shares of U.S. supermarket operators fell on Friday as President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico, which is a major supplier of produce and other foods for U.S. consumers. A day after the White House suggested that the United States could impose a 20-per-cent tax on goods from Mexico, shares of both Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger Co fell more than 1 per cent, while Whole Foods Market dropped as much as 2.8 per cent. Mr. Trump on Friday repeated statements that Mexico has taken advantage of the United States and said Mexico “beat us to a pulp,” deepening worries about a crisis between the two trading partners. On Thursday, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a planned trip to Washington to meet Mr. Trump, who has repeatedly demanded that Mexico pay for a wall on the U.S. border to halt illegal immigration. The White House later said the potential 20-per-cent tax could be used to pay for the wall. Kroger shares were down about 3 per cent from before Mr. Trump’s inauguration a week ago while food distributor Sysco has lost about 1 per cent. With investors also concerned that Trump could tear up trade deals with China and other countries, Wal-Mart has fallen 4.4 per cent since he won the November election. Report Typo/Error   KR-NKroger Co Latest Price$33.36 -0.38 (-1.13%) WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$65.66 -1.07 (-1.60%) SYY-NSysco Corp Latest Price$52.70 -0.33 (-0.62%) Updated January 27 4:01 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Eight Canadian dividend stocks primed for the Trump era AUTO MAKERS Musk’s surprising rapport with Trump yields 40% rally for Tesla CONSTRUCTION Mexican cement maker poised to profit from Trump’s border wall Topics Whole Foods Market Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. The Kroger Co. Food and Beverage Donald Trump Retail Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success Life Five reasons to never do crunches again ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees News Rona Ambrose calls Liberal cash-for-access law a 'smokescreen' Life Video: The secret life of New York's pet pigs Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business How five companies broke out from the pack Globe Investor Reasons why you should not bank on an inheritance More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Jan. 28: Your daily horoscope NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ Elephant Man, Midnight Express actor John Hurt dead at 77 Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year How does Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister spend his working holiday in Costa Rica? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
M Saturday, Jan 28 2017 | Updated at 04:18 AM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Jan 27, 2017 11:06 AM EST By Jordan Pine, UniversityHerald Reporter Nintendo NES Classic Edition Now Available In US Stores; Hacker’s Tool Adds More Games OTTUMWA, IA - AUGUST 13: David Moreno of San Diego, California plays on an orignial Nintendo Entertainment System at the launch party for the International Video Game Hall of Fame and Museum on August 13, 2009 in Ottumwa, Iowa. Ottumwa was officially proclaimed the Video Game Capital of the World at the launch party and plans are underway to build a full museum in the small Iowa city. (Photo : (Photo by David Greedy/Getty Images)) The Nintendo NES Classic Edition is now back in-stock at Target, Walmart and Toys "R" Us stores in limited supply. And adding more games in the palm-sized console is now doable via hackers' tools. The miniaturized version of the Nintendo Entertainment System  was sold during the holidays and the supply was instantly depleted. The demand for the console was so high that Nintendo bore the brunt of criticisms for failing to meet customers' demands. Now, a month after the holidays, the NES Classic console is now back in-stock in U.S. stores as revealed by GameStop. The palm-sized console hits the shelves of Target stores starting last Jan. 26. The device has been reported to be in stock in New York, New Jersey and Los Angeles. However, the supply is again not as extensive with only one to 10 units on shelves in Target stores. The stocks in different branches vary depending on the size and location of the branch. The best place to find the NES Classic console will be a suburban Target store in close proximity to a big city. The in-demand console is also available in Walmart according to i4u News. Toys "R" Us will also be having the NES Classic as indicated on its website. The page says that the stores are expecting shipments to come in and will soon be on display. The Nintendo NES Classic Edition retails starting at $59.99, which is available online through GameStop. The retro console is pre-loaded with 30 classic oldie NES titles, which include "Super Mario Bros.," "Donkey King," "Pac-Man," "The Legend of Zelda," "Metroid" and "Kirby's Adventures." Though Nintendo did not intend any games to be added, hackers were able to do it by connecting a USB cord in the power supply port, according to Polygon. The NES Classic modding tool  hakchi2 will enable gamers to add as much as 600 titles in the small console. Tags Nintendo NES Classic Edition, Nintendo, NES Classic, NES Classic Modding Tool, Target, ToysRUs, walmart © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Classic Mini SNES Release: Nintendo Patent Hints Revival Of The Popular SNES Of ... ‘Super Mario Odyssey’ Gameplay Features New Abilities & Environments; Still ... Nintendo Switch Games May Include Skyrim Remastered; But Is Skyrim Ideal On The ... Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Is Pascal’s Final Chapter Before NVIDIA Launches Th ... SpaceX Hosts Weekend Hyperloop Pod Race For University Students In Hawthorne [V ... Join the Conversation Must Read Paying These College Fees May Take You By Surprise Jan 26, 2017 AM ESTHere's a list of miscellaneous things college students might need to pay. ... How Pre-Law Students Can Use Social Media To Their Advantage Jan 26, 2017 AM ESTHere is how aspiring lawyers should maximize the use and the benefits of social media. ... Microsoft To Work With Trimble And Cambridge University For HoloLens In Construction Jan 26, 2017 AM ESTMicrosoft is working to make HoloLens a tool for construction. ... George Takei: ‘Oh My!’ Actor Shares Message Of Hope At Rollins College Jan 26, 2017 AM EST“Star Trek” actor George Takei appears at Rollins College to talk about his career and offer advice. ... Most Popular Nintendo NES Classic Edition Now Available In US Stores; Hacker’s Tool Adds More Games Jan 27, 2017 AM ESTThe Nintendo NES Classic Edition was sold during the holidays and the supply was instantly depleted. The demand for the console was so high that ... Nothing Like ‘GTA V,' Rockstar's Former Executive Reveals His First Game 'Everywhere' Jan 27, 2017 AM ESTIt did not take long for Rockstar North's former head to spring back into game development as his company recently announced what its first game will ... 'Diablo 3' Patch 1.17 Released To Kill Bug Issues; 'Rise Of The Necromancer' Could Be This Month Jan 27, 2017 AM ESTBlizzard Confirms 'Rise Of The Necromancer' Official Reveal Happening Next Week. ... ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Episodes 76, 77 Spoilers, Air Dates: Estranged Enemies Will Appear; Goku Trains With Whis To Become Stronger [VIDEO] Jan 27, 2017 AM ESTFollowing the epic "Dragon Ball Super" battle between Goku and Gohan, the episode 76 will see Goku and Kuririn collaborate. Spoilers for the episode ... Google AI Will Empower Raspberry Pi: The Reason And The Advantages For the Fantastic Move Jan 26, 2017 AM ESTThe credit card sized computer is getting support from Google AI and machine learning tools as the tech titan looks to get close to the maker ... ‘The Seven Deadly Sins’ Season 2 Update: Netflix Launches 'The Seven Deadly Sins' 2 On February 17, Why Fans Are Unhappy? [VIDEO] Jan 26, 2017 AM ESTFans of the famous anime series "The Seven Deadly Sins" finally have some good news. The highly anticipated fantasy manga series is coming to Netflix ... Surface Phone, Surface Pro 5, Surface Book 2; Microsoft Powerful Products Will Invade the Market in 2017 [VIDEO] Jan 27, 2017 AM ESTMicrosoft is about to set the market on fire this 2017 with their most anticipated products. Will the Windows-maker company surpass the Cupertino ... AMD Vega 10 vs NVIDIA GTX 1080 Ti: AMD Graphics Card Can Finally Compete With Top-End Nvidia’s GPU Stack [VIDEO] Jan 24, 2017 AM ESTThe latest Vega speculations have the initial releasing of the Vega 10 graphics card just before Taiwan's Computex at the end of May 2017. In spite of ... Google Nexus 7 Tablet: The Most Anticipated Addition to Pixel Family; Set to Dethrone Nexus 6 Tablet in 2017 [VIDEO] Jan 25, 2017 AM ESTHopes are still high for the Nexus fanatics because of the latest speculations that could possibly lead to the release of a Nexus Tablet which has ... Stanford University Study Dissects The Science of Hypnosis Jan 26, 2017 AM ESTStanford explains the science behind hypnosis. ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2017 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.

DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to Content Support MinnPost Donate to MinnPost now MinnPost Columns Weather Events Support Us Sections Home Politics & Policy Health Education Environment Arts & Culture Business Sports News by Region Perspectives Hello, visitor Log In or Register Newsletters Twitter Facebook YouTube RSS Feeds Search this site: Community Voices Community Voices features opinion pieces from a wide variety of authors and perspectives. (Submission Guidelines) Oxfam is wrong about ‘obscene’ wealth Email Share Tweet Print By Peter Zeller | 01/27/17 REUTERS/Ruben Sprich James Brandt, a Jan. 23 letter writer to the Star Tribune, is correct in writing, “If Bill Gates and the other rich men had never been born, the world would be worse off, and the poor would be no richer.” Last week Oxfam released a sensational report that said eight people have “obscene” wealth, as much as the poorest half of the world’s population. I don’t dispute this statistic, but is inequality really “trapping hundreds of millions in poverty” and is higher taxes on wealth and income really a solution, as they claim? Turns out these assertions are absolutely and demonstrably wrong. Photo by James Netz Peter Zeller James Brandt, a Jan 23 letter writer to the Star Tribune (“Don’t malign the rich; instead help the poor help themselves”), is correct in writing, “If Bill Gates and the other rich men had never been born, the world would be worse off, and the poor would be no richer.” Creating value and thus wealth does not hurt the poor; it makes everyone else richer. And this fact has even been quantified by Yale economics professor William Nordhaus. He found that “most of the benefits of technological change are passed on to consumers rather than captured by producers.” His research for the National Bureau of Economic Research reported that innovators capture about 2  percent of the value they create and the other 98 percent of the value flows to consumers. Need further convincing? Here’s Jason Furman, who served as chair of the Council of Economic Advisers in the Obama administration: There is little dispute that Walmart’s price reductions have benefited the 120 million American workers employed outside of the retail sector. Plausible estimates of the magnitude of the savings from Walmart are enormous – a total of $263 billion in 2004, or $2,329 per household. Sure, Sam Walton’s heirs are wealthy, about $100 billion between them, but consumers are receiving value of over $250 billion a year from that creation. So over 20 years we’ve received $5 trillion in value for the $100 billion kept by the Walton family, and that’s quite a deal. On a purely practical level, should we really care that great innovators keep 2 percent of what they create? No we shouldn’t. We should want more rich people, creating more value, and our focus should be on reducing poverty, not inequality. According to Tim Worstall at CapX: Oxfam’s redistribution argument has been tried before and found wanting. It was the subject of the world’s largest economic experiment: the 20th century. Anyone surveying the rubble of central Europe from the Brandenburg Gate in 1989 knows that the taking and giving solution does not work. What is needed is the wealth creation strategy that we’ve been using in the period of free-market globalization ever since. And the result of technological advance, innovation, and free-market globalization has been wonderful and breathtaking:  The last 100 years (or 50, or 25, take your pick) has seen the greatest reduction in poverty in human history (see the dramatic progress here). In 2015 68% of the world population had access to proper sanitation facilities compared to only 24% in 1980. 285,000 more people have gained access to safe water every day for the past 25 years. According to Johan Norberg, Swedish author of "Progress: Ten Reasons to Look to the Future": “When we don’t see the progress that we’ve made, we begin to search for scapegoats for the problems that remain.” You don’t need to like the super-rich or decide if they are deserving, but you should recognize that most of them got there by making the rest of us richer, and not fall for off-base populist rhetoric that somehow blames them for trapping others in poverty. Peter Zeller is director of operations at Center of the American Experiment. WANT TO ADD YOUR VOICE? If you're interested in joining the discussion, add your voice to the Comment section below — or consider writing a letter or a longer-form Community Voices commentary. (For more information about Community Voices, email Susan Albright at salbright@minnpost.com.) Email Share Tweet Print Get MinnPost's top stories in your inbox First Name: * Enter your first name. Last Name: * Enter your last name. Email address: * Enter the email you would like to sign up with. I would like to receive the following Newsletters: Daily newsletter Sunday review Greater Minnesota newsletter Subscribe Now Leave this field blank: Login or register to post comments Email Share Tweet Print Related Tags: World Comments (11) Wage stagnation Submitted by Pat Berg on January 27, 2017 - 8:21am. So how do you square this with middle class wage stagnation for the last 30 years or so? I would hardly characterize that as "making everyone richer". Login or register to post comments Strawman special Submitted by Pat Terry on January 27, 2017 - 9:23am. The problem isn't creating wealth. The problem is the grotesque excesses pointed by the Oxfam report. This is an embarrassingly dishonest piece. Login or register to post comments My check must have been delivered to the wrong address. Submitted by Pat McGee on January 27, 2017 - 9:39am. Because I am most certainly not richer. Poorer, yes. Login or register to post comments Entrepreneurs not Aristocrats Submitted by Andy Summers on January 27, 2017 - 9:52am. I don't question the need for entrepreneurs to seek and receive a reward for their work. Wealth is a yardstick of success for many, and an important incentive for the risk required to build great ventures. As Andrew Carnegie wrote about over 120 years ago, there is a stark difference between Bill Gates and the Walton Family. Bill Gates is using his wealth to solve global problems and will donate all of his wealth to those causes upon his death. He and his father have been working very hard to convince other Forbes-listers to do the same. The Waltons did not create and grow Walmart - their father did. They are now sitting on enormous wealth that could be put to better use. Couple this with the financial industry owning a inordinate share of US profits and the problems compound. The middle and lower classes are fighting over a smaller and smaller pie, while inherited sums of money continue to pool at the top and pour into evermore complex investments and tax havens. The richest families lobby extensively to keep and grow this money they did not earn, and back the propaganda that immigrants and people of color are to blame for everyone's woes. And now we have one of their own in the White House. Login or register to post comments I'll bite! Submitted by Dennis Wagner on January 27, 2017 - 9:54am. What was not argued is the skewed Tax code! Have yet to hear folks begrudge the well to do for their efforts. However the Tax code is exceptionally generous to them and less generous to Joe & or Jane six pack, as noted seems the Billionaire POTUS hasn't paid Federal Income Tax in almost 20 years! To a comment on a different post, when can we cut down the welfare for the uber-rich, tax Credits, deductions etc? Do you want to try again and also address the fairness of the system? Should be a healthy discussion. Login or register to post comments Strawman Submitted by Peter Stark on January 27, 2017 - 10:17am. Nice try, but this is an obvious strawman argument. There is no reason why innovation, competition, and equitable distribution of wealth need to be at odds with one another. It is obviously false that the only country in the history of the world that has attempted a more equitable distribution of wealth and income was the USSR. It is also completely false that all of the wealth owned by the rich or super-rich is justly earned for providing social benefits to the proles. Much of the wealth owned by the super-rich is inherited. Over the next 20 years, just 500 people will likely pass on over $2.1 trillion to their heirs. Paris Hilton didn't scrap from the bottom of the heap to a fashion empire; President Trump didn't launch into real estate as a small-time hustler; Sam Walton (of Walmart fame) started his first store in 1945 with a 2016 equivalent $246,678 loan from his father-in-law, L.S. Robson, a wealthy rancher. This is why distribution matters. People who are born into higher income brackets tend to stay there, because of all the benefits that come with it: access to trusts, "loans," or family wealth, access to good housing and nutrition, education, developmental opportunities, less stressful family relationships, and on and on. Those born into lower income brackets tend to stay there as well, because of all the handicaps associated with them, and because they can't compete with people from higher brackets. Here is some evidence for you of social mobility in the US: 1. http://www.pewtrusts.org/~/media/legacy/uploadedfiles/wwwpewtrustsorg/re... 2. http://inequality.stanford.edu/sites/default/files/economic_mobility_sho... I am a top-quintile guy, born into a top-quintile family, and I've gotten where I am purely through nepotism and taking advantage of my station. I have a toddler now, and they are essentially guaranteed a ticket to the upper-middle class by birthright, even if they don't work particularly hard or do anything particularly out of the ordinary. According to Pew, they have a 63% chance of remaining in the top 4th or 5th quintile. My kid is also more likely to marry a high-earning partner than kids born in lower quintiles. My kid's kids are also going to have this baked in advantage. A kid born just up the road into the bottom quintile will have to scrape and claw and fight against their destiny every day, and they still only have a 13% chance to get into the 4th or 5th quintile. To get into the top quintile, my kid has to basically just live their life and they have a 40% chance. The kid up the road born into the bottom quintile has a 4% chance of getting there. This sort of determinism based on family station is appalling and is a direct consequence of opinions like the one expressed in this article; That all wealth is justified, that all the rich earned all of their money, and that unequal distribution of wealth and income has no negative consequences for those who are bereft. Login or register to post comments Stakeholders Submitted by Patrick Tice on January 27, 2017 - 12:12pm. Great comment - What I might add is that in the coming age of automation, there is no way everyone can have a well-paying job. This is obvious to anyone who reads and can parse data, as is the concentration of wealth to such obscene excess. What we need to do is start thinking of people as stakeholders - not as consumers, employees, retirees, students, or (God forbid) "job creators". In other words, we recognize that we are all in this together and everyone is entitled to some kind of basic "living". This will require a change in the traditional American attitude toward work, since we will no longer be able to blame the unemployed for their joblessness and treat them as lazy "takers". I'm not exactly sure how we'll get there, but we'd better start the discussion soon - self-driving trucks are right around the corner, and your Uber will be a robot. Software will be written by AI, and many medical diagnoses will be done by machines. No one's job is safe, so we may forestall the inevitable by shortening the workweek, but that will not ultimately be enough. Something must be done to recognize every stakeholder's right to a living - and no amount of yammering about retraining or "new jobs" will ever solve the problem. With no path to wealth available through work - even hard work - the existing plutocracy will continue to reap even more while the masses stagnate at the bottom. And, as we have seen, these plutocrats will not be shy about using their resources to buy astroturf policy platforms, politicians, and a life lived without regard to national boundaries or laws that the rest of us must follow. They are already transnationals and have no real reason to think in terms of national identity, further diluting their responsibilities to fellow citizens. Login or register to post comments Yes, a profoundly silly article. Submitted by Charles Holtman on January 27, 2017 - 12:52pm. I won’t pile on with yet other observations as to the fallacies populating Mr Zeller’s economic argument. I’ll just add the simple additional but different criticism that economic power, political power and the power - thru the media, schools, etc - to define the way others think all are aligned with comparative wealth. When wealth is concentrated too highly in too few hands, democracy is impossible, not just because the wealthy determine who can be a viable candidate for office, but more profoundly because the social discourse is so thoroughly managed that the people can no longer engage in the level of critical thought necessary to fulfill their roles as citizens and voters. Mr Zeller apparently would trade freedom and self-determination for the mess of pottage that is the ability to buy crap at Walmart even cheaper than it is at Target. I particularly appreciate the comments by Mr. Stark and Mr. Tice. As to the latter, it long has been apparent that the growth imperative (which is what ensures that wealth will continue to augment itself) has majority justification only because it is the only real mechanism that we have to distribute social wealth. If we were to substantially reduce our economic activity, much of which goes toward production of no intrinsic value, the value of capital would decline substantially but we would have a much better quality of life in the aggregate, and perhaps we keep a habitable planet, as well. But then a whole lot of folks don’t have jobs. That is what underlies the proposition that a society shifts toward (note to over-excited commenters from the Right: “toward” not “to”) socialism, and a right to a “basic living,” as it becomes wealthier and as its norms of trust strengthen. But interests have thwarted this natural trajectory for the past 80 years. So we’re facing a mass loss of employment in our near future without the steady evolution of social relations over these decades that would have facilitated a qualitative redistribution of labor, under which the grand leap in the productivity of labor via technology would have redounded to the benefit of all, rather than the prospect ahead of enriching a few and immiserating the many. Login or register to post comments Walmart? Really? Submitted by Lowell Prescott on January 27, 2017 - 10:33am. Read this quote again with emphasis added: "There is little dispute that Walmart’s price reductions have benefited the 120 million American workers employed OUTSIDE OF THE RETAIL SECTOR." In other words, you can benefit from Walmart's low prices -- but only as long as you don't work for them, or one of their suppliers, or one of their vendors, or anyone in any way associated with the company -- or any other retail endeavor! Wow. I can't believe that I missed all of that great benefit to our economy that we can get just by avoiding all possible contact with Walmart or the entire retail sector (other than at the cash register, of course). Citing Walmart as an example of healthy redistribution of wealth is a little like hailing cancer for redistributing white blood cells. Further, when you have billionaires like Warren Buffet, and even alleged billionaires like Donald Trump, asking to raise their taxes (which both of them actually did), then it's long past time to reconsider the distribution of wealth. But let's be clear about what that means. It is NOT about taking their money and giving it to poor people. And it is NOT about limiting how wealthy they can become or what they can do with their wealth. It's about recognizing in our tax code that those who have benefited the most from our economic playing field have the greatest amount of responsibility (and motivation) to protect it. In other words, it is in their own BEST INTEREST to make sure the system captures the appropriate portion of their wealth for the benefit of all. Without that, the system will ultimately collapse. Login or register to post comments Utter Claptrap Submitted by Brian Simon on January 27, 2017 - 10:46am. The world would not be worse off without Gates, or Zuckerberg. Neither introduced a revolutionary product. They both just happened to win in the marketplace. On the Waltons, the author only examines half their impact. Better access to cheap goods for condumers? Sure, that's true. But he ignores the small businesspeople who've closed their stores, unable to compete with the behemoth. Rural shoppers have fewer shopping options, Walmart has squeezed out the competition. Are we better off? I'm skeptical. More to the point; were any of these people even motivated by the accumulation of massive amounts of wealth? What is the benefit to society that so few can accumulate so much? Wouldn't it be better if more people could accumulate more modest wealth? Login or register to post comments Please, cut the propaganda Submitted by Joel Stegner on January 27, 2017 - 1:14pm. Those with wealth are not victims. They do not deserve anyone's sympathy. What we have are a situation in which many of the children of the wealthy lack any discernable personal values or any sense that they need to follow the rules that apply to everyone else. The flip side of generational poverty is generational wealth and privilege. Tip to the wealth. Earn your wealth honestly, treat your workers humanly, spend your time and effort to improve your community, serve your customers well and don't waste our time talking about how wonderful you are. If you are, others will say so without having to be paid to do so. In Minnesota, the Dayton family is an example of this. Their success came out of a life of service to others. Now we witness a Governor Dayton who is working his butt off, through great pain and a serious illness, to make life better for the state of Minnesota. He has spent most of his inheritance to do good for others, showing his humanity at all times. The contrast with Trump is breathtaking. Humble beats haughty ever day of the week. Login or register to post comments Recent Stories Politics & Policy Paid leave ruling gives Minneapolis a win — and raises a lot of questions MinnPost Quiz This week's MinnPost Quiz: all about the Legislature Artscape 'The Beautiful Brain' at the Weisman; Twin Cities Winter Jazz Festival in St. Paul Arts & Culture 'Minnesota 13: From Grain to Glass' tells the secret bootlegging history of Stearns County New Americans U.N. refugee expert talks resettlement in the age of Trump Community Voices Mind the gaps: Reducing hunger by improving yields on small farms The Line Smart transportation tools: how Metro Transit uses technology to ensure a smooth ride Books St. Paul writer Tim Brady uncovers the legacy of a president's son Politics & Policy Legislative leaders say health insurance deal portends a more productive session Most Commented What are we to make of Trump's emphasis on 'America First'? 57 comments Fact-checking Trump: The need has only risen since the inauguration 35 comments Is a more liberal Minneapolis bad for business? 31 comments Minnesota politicians vow to resist Trump’s executive orders on immigration 21 comments Farm country helped elect President Trump. What is Trump going to do for farm country? 20 comments Thanks to our major sponsors Sponsor of Community Sketchbook Major Advertiser Sponsor of Second Opinion MinnPost Staff CEO: Andrew Wallmeyer Editor: Andrew Putz Managing Editor: Susan Albright Web Editor: Corey Anderson Director of Advertising & Sponsorship: Sally Waterman News Editor: Tom Nehil Project Editor: Roger Buoen User Experience Engineer: Jonathan Stegall Development Director: Claire Radomski Advertising Operations Director: Brian Perry Director of Finance & Operations: Bethany Hollenkamp Advertising & Membership Assistant: Laura Lindsay Board Chair: Jill Field Chair Emeritus: Lee Lynch Co-founders: Joel & Laurie Kramer MinnPost is a nonprofit, nonpartisan enterprise whose mission is to provide high-quality journalism for news-intense people who care about Minnesota. Thanks to our generous donors David & Debbie Andreas Blandin Foundation Carla Blumberg Otto Bremer Trust Burdick Family Fund of The Minneapolis Foundation Bush Foundation Central Corridor Funders Collaborative Bill & Sharon Clapp Sage & John Cowles Jay & Page Cowles David & Vicki Cox Toby & Mae Dayton Jack & Claire Dempsey Ethics and Excellence in Journalism Foundation Jill & Larry Field Great River Energy Sam Heins & Stacey Mills The Joyce Foundation Tom & Marlene Kayser Kim & Garry Kieves John S. and James L. Knight Foundation Joel & Laurie Kramer Lee Lynch & Terry Saario Martin and Brown Foundation Bill and Amy McKinney The McKnight Foundation The Minneapolis Foundation Northwest Area Foundation Jeremy Edes Pierotti & Kathryn Klibanoff Susan & David Plimpton Pohlad Family Foundation Jeff Ross The Saint Paul Foundation John & Linda Satorius Rebecca & Mark Shavlik Donations and pledges totaling $25,000 or more have been made by each of the families and foundations listed. For a list of all donors by category, see our most recent Year End Report. Footer Primary About Us Advertise Member Benefits Help Contact Subscribe Footer Secondary Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy MinnPost | 900 6th Avenue SE | Minneapolis, MN 55414 | 612.455.6950
Win tickets to the Rachel Ray Burger Bash at the SOBE Wine and Food Festival. Enter now! Opinion Editorials Repeal ban of liquor in Florida grocery stores | Editorial By Sun Sentinel Editorial Board It's long overdue for Florida to repeal ban of liquor sales in grocery stores Privacy Policy Nearly a century after Prohibition, Floridians are still living with antiquated alcohol laws. Over the last few years, the Florida Legislature has changed a few. We can now ship ourselves cases of wine, for example, and buy 64-ounce "growlers" of craft beer. This year comes a decision on whether to let grocery stores, drugstores and big box stores — like Wal-Mart and Target — sell liquor alongside beer and wine. The change is long overdue. It makes no sense that consumers can buy beer and wine in one store, but must walk outside and into a separate store to buy distilled spirits. Today's regulation protects liquor stores, but limits competition and poses a needless burden on consumers. By getting rid of this regulation, the Republicans who control Tallahassee can prove their free-market bona fides and rein in government's tendency to pick winners and losers in the marketplace. Caption The Eat Beat: JWB Prime Steak and Seafood at Margaritaville Resort Mike Mayo of the Eat Beat reviews the JWB Prime Steak and Seafood Restaurant at Margaritaville Resort in Hollywood. Mike Mayo of the Eat Beat reviews the JWB Prime Steak and Seafood Restaurant at Margaritaville Resort in Hollywood. Caption The Eat Beat: JWB Prime Steak and Seafood at Margaritaville Resort Mike Mayo of the Eat Beat reviews the JWB Prime Steak and Seafood Restaurant at Margaritaville Resort in Hollywood. Mike Mayo of the Eat Beat reviews the JWB Prime Steak and Seafood Restaurant at Margaritaville Resort in Hollywood. Caption The Eat Beat: Rappy's in Boca Raton The Eat Beat: Rappy's in Boca Raton  The Eat Beat: Rappy's in Boca Raton  Caption Best Coffeehouse: The Alchemist - Best of 2016 In 2016, SouthFlorida.com readers voted the Alchemist (2430 NE 13 Ave., Wilton Manors) the best coffeehouse for the annual Best of South Florida.   In 2016, SouthFlorida.com readers voted the Alchemist (2430 NE 13 Ave., Wilton Manors) the best coffeehouse for the annual Best of South Florida.   Caption Best Tiki Bar: Mai-Kai Restaurant - Best of 2016 In 2016, SouthFlorida.com readers voted The Mai-Kai Restaurant (3599 N. Federal Highway, Fort Lauderdale) the best Tiki Bar for the annual Best of South Florida.   In 2016, SouthFlorida.com readers voted The Mai-Kai Restaurant (3599 N. Federal Highway, Fort Lauderdale) the best Tiki Bar for the annual Best of South Florida.   Caption Best Happy Hour and Bar Patio: Scandals Saloon - Best of 2016 In 2016, SouthFlorida.com readers voted Scandals Saloon (3073 NE Sixth Ave., Fort Lauderdale) the best Happy Hour and Bar Patio for the annual Best of South Florida.   In 2016, SouthFlorida.com readers voted Scandals Saloon (3073 NE Sixth Ave., Fort Lauderdale) the best Happy Hour and Bar Patio for the annual Best of South Florida.   The current bill, sponsored by Senate President Pro Tempore Anitere Flores of Miami, would let any package store with a liquor license sell hard liquor inside their walls. Thirty states already allow this. This is not the first time this push has been mounted, but its chances appear better this year because the Legislature has so many new faces. The bill passed the Senate Regulated Industries committee on Thursday by a 9-1 vote, and now heads to the Rules Committee before a final floor vote. A companion House bill has also been filed. If this bill passes, a change will also be needed in the number of stores that can obtain a liquor license. It makes no sense for consumers to be able to buy liquor at one chain store, but not at another because of the state's licensing quota. While there's nothing wrong with restricting liquor sales at gas station convenience stores, if you're going to allow liquor sales in some Publix, Wal-Marts or Walgreens, allow it in them all. Flores told the Sun Sentinel Editorial Board another bill may be filed to address that issue. For now, she's focused on the bill to let stores sell liquor alongside beer and wine. "This law was around more than 80 years ago with a purpose," she said. "That purpose is long gone. It's not our job to stand in the way of 21st Century innovation, the American entrepreneurial spirit." The bill's opponents, including the Florida Independent Spirits Association, argue that allowing liquor sales in stores like Wal-Mart will lead to an increase in crime and underage drinking. "If you have spirits readily available inside a Target or a Wal-Mart, it invites underage kids," executive director Rory Eggers told us. "Not to mention the employees who work in those chains — they can hire anyone 16 and up." It's a familiar argument. When fighting the push to let people ship themselves a case of wine, opponents suggested kids might answer the door and drown in trouble. Let's remember that stores like Wal-Mart and Walgreens already sell beer and wine, and there's no evidence their teenage workers are stealing and imbibing. The bill says employees under 18 would not be able to handle liquor — the same regulation that already exists in liquor stores. Ron Ziff, long-time president of the California Beverage Retailers Association, told us such scare tactics have been used for years to prevent change. Since the repeal of Prohibition, California has let grocery stores sell liquor alongside beer and wine. "It's a facetious argument," Ziff said. "It's just something people make up to argue against it. Crime doesn't go alongside grocery stores just because they sell liquor." The Florida Independent Spirits Association's other argument — that will it hurt liquor stores — has some merit. But in California, liquor stores have responded by going upscale to serve a niche market, selling a wider variety of wines and liquors than can be offered in grocery stores with limited shelf space. Plus, they retain the convenience factor. If someone just wants to purchase a bottle of Scotch, a liquor store is a faster and easier option. And the bill would lift the prohibition on liquor stores selling grocery items, allowing room for reinvention. It's long past time to repeal this outdated law. Let stores sell beer, wine and liquor, too. Let's end Prohibition altogether. Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 59°
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 29° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 27° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Inauguration Sevier County wildfires Latest Headlines Man arrested for Cheatham County murder January 27, 2017 Stepputat has been charged him with one count of felony murder and one count of theft over $2,500. 4 injured in 2-car crash on Murfreesboro Pike January 27, 2017 It happened at 8 p.m. on Murfreesboro Pike and Harding Place. John Hurt, Oscar nominated for ‘The Elephant Man’ dies at 77 January 27, 2017 Construction worker injured while working on I-440 January 27, 2017 Runaway cow that authorities chased for hours captured on Austin Peay Campus January 27, 2017 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 29° F Clear Feels Like: 24° F Wind: S 5 Humidity: 67% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 5:08 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Latest Headlines Todd Helton joins Tennessee baseball January 27, 2017 Helton is the first player from the Colorado Rockies to have his jersey No. 17 retired at Coors Field. Motocross racing comes to Nashville this weekend January 27, 2017 AMSOIL Arenacross, the official feeder system for Monster Energy Supercross, is hosting the event at the Bridgestone Arena. Nashville Predators raise awareness about domestic violence January 26, 2017 Mayor supports bringing MLS to Nashville, says fairgrounds good for stadium January 26, 2017 Brent Musburger is retiring from sportscasting at age 77 January 25, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 29° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 27° F Suspect wanted for using cloned credit card in Mt. Juliet WKRN web staff Published: January 27, 2017, 5:23 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Courtesy: Mt. Juliet Police Department) MT. JULIET, Tenn. (WKRN) – Detectives are searching for a man who is accused of using a cloned credit card to make purchases at a Mt. Juliet Walmart earlier this month. The suspect made the purchases at the Walmart on Pleasant Grove Road on Jan. 18. The victim, who lives in west Tennessee, noticed the fraudulent charges to his account on Monday. (Courtesy: Mt. Juliet Police Department) At the time of the charges, the victim was still in possession of his card and does not know how his information was cloned. The suspect was seen on surveillance video using the fraudulent card and leaving the store in a white, 4-door Ford F-250 pick-up truck. Anyone with information is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at 615-754-TIPS. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Suspect sought for using fraudulent credit card in Gallatin Franklin police seek man accused of using cloned credit card Man wanted for fraud after using cloned credit card in Franklin Police: Woman uses lost credit card to buy prepaid cards Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis report to air on Feb. 2 Click here for details. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Tesla Motors Inc Again Proves It’s Not A Conventional Automaker (TSLA) An ambitious product launch schedule highlights an unorthodox automaker By ValueWalk  |  Jan 24, 2017, 9:35 am EST     Popular Posts: The Once and Future Deal For Twitter, Inc May Surprise You (TWTR) Tesla Motors Inc Again Proves It’s Not A Conventional Automaker (TSLA) Stock Faceoff: Wal-Mart Stores Inc vs Target Corporation (WMT, TGT) Recent Posts: Is Alibaba Group Holding Ltd’s Job Promise A Sign Of The Slowing Chinese Economy? (BABA) 10 Facts You Didn’t Know About Tesla Motors Inc And Elon Musk (TSLA) Why Apple Inc. Stock (AAPL) Was Downgraded Ahead Of Earnings View All Posts Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk posted a series of tweets on Saturday, mapping an update schedule that is more often seen among smartphone makers than traditional automakers. The schedule indicates that the automaker is expecting to release major updates to its vehicles every 12-18 months, according to MarketWatch. Retrofits to Slow Tesla’s Progress Older-model cars will not be equipped with the latest sensors or hardware, and this is worrying some Tesla owners who are seeking upgrades to their vehicles. Musk’s response to these complaints was essentially “tough luck.” “Tesla will never stop innovating. People are buying the wrong car if they expect this. There will be major revs every 12 to 18 months. . . . If we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically,” Musk tweeted. Adding self-driving tech to earlier vehicles would require replacing 300 parts, something that needs stripping the “entire car,” he added. According to Musk, cars with HW2 technology made after October 2016 are now getting Autopilot. Musk also warned owners to be careful while their car’s cameras readjust. Profit From Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock No Matter Which Way It Moves Responding to his tweet on Sunday, Musk said the auto-steer mode is limited to 45 mph for now, but once the company gets more driving data, it will raise the speed. Tesla Acts More Like  a Tech Company Before making any major upgrade launches, traditional automakers usually keep the same base technology for about five years. Tesla is known for operating more like a tech company and less like an automaker, not to forget its fondness of conducting beta tests and constant lineup adjustments. This all strengthens the belief that the EV firm has no plans of settling into the familiar patterns of its conventional rivals, notes Engadget. However, it has both positive and negative aspects associated with it. On one hand, it guarantees owners cutting-edge tech whenever they buy a Tesla, while on the other hand, it means that owners will find their cars outdated in record time. This could make owners hesitant to buy one if they suspect they will miss out on a must-have feature, notes Engadget. Of course this means the only way for owners to keep their vehicles the most up to date is by buying new Teslas. The post Tesla Again Proves It’s Not A Conventional Automaker appeared first on ValueWalk. Many academics claim investing is a “random walk.” We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name “ValueWalk.” Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds. Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors More From InvestorPlace 7 Cheap Stocks to Buy That Could Double in 2017 The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: The Experts’ Picks 10 Stocks to Buy for Donald Trump’s Second Wind Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/tesla-again-proves-its-not-a-conventional-automaker/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Right Now 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 3 “Golden” Ammo Stocks to Buy for Big 2017 Returns Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory On the Record Police, Fire – January 27 By Staff Reports - 1/27/17 1:52 AM Franklin Residential entry 100 block of Lancelot Drive: A couple reported at 7:43 p.m. Wednesday that someone broke into their home and stole a bottle of wine and a knife. Shoplifting Wal Mart, 2125 N. U.S. 31: A loss prevention officer reported at 1:12 p.m. Wednesday that a man attempted to steal a Lego toy. He was arrested. Property-damage accidents 3:40 p.m. Wednesday — 700 block of E. Jefferson Street. 12:22 p.m. Wednesday — U.S. 31 and Industrial Drive. Greenwood Burglary 800 block of W. Smith Valley Road: Police responded at 1:06 a.m. Thursday to a report of burglary. Theft Meijer, 150 Marlin Drive: Police responded at 6:25 p.m. Wednesday to a report of theft. Shoplifting Von Maur, 1251 N. U.S. 31: Police responded at 10:29 p.m. Wednesday to a report of shoplifting. Criminal mischief 2000 block of S. Meridian Street: Police responded at 11:03 p.m. Wednesday to a report of two broken windows at a home. Property-damage accident 7:39 a.m. Tuesday — Main Street at Interstate 65. Johnson County Personal-injury accident 8 a.m. Wednesday — State Road 37N., and Smith Valley Road. Theresa J. Rader Wilson, 56, Mooresville and Hannah M. Jay, 24, Bargersville. Wilson reported neck pain. Jail bookings The following people recently were arrested and  booked into the Johnson County jail: Harold R. Taylor, 66, 1139 Lincoln Park Drive W., Greenwood; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held without bond. Ryan Q. Mills, 26, 5039 W. Morris St., Indianapolis; arrested on an out of county warrant; held without bond. Alesha LaFountain, 24, 1005 Wallington Circle, Greenwood; arrested on an out of county warrant; held without bond. April Dawn Hakes, 38, 188 Umbarger Lane, Room 234, Franklin; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $355 bond. Robert Eugene Smith III, 24, 4945 Edinborough Lane, Apt. 256, Indianapolis; arrested on charges of failure to stop after an accident, battery with a deadly weapon and reckless driving; held on $9,600 bond. Jerry Enoch Jones, 33, 207 S. Walnut St., Edinburgh; arrested on a charge if theft/receiving stolen property; released on $2,000 bond. Mateo Gasper-Mateo, 21, 715 Amma Drive, Seymour; arrested on a charge of driving without ever receiving a license; released on $250 bond. Rostricia Lee, 52, 6702 Georgetown Road, Apt. 221, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $500 bond. Zachary Andrew Ballinger, 31, 1601 Honey Lane, Apt. 11, Greenwood; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court and an out of county warrant; held without bond. Kevin Edward Kunz, 43, 620 S. walnut St., Bloomington; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held on $626 bond. Silas A.J. Canary, 34, 802 W. 8th St., Bloomington; arrested on a charge of dealing in marijuana/hashish; released on $6,600 bond, Austin J. Crouch, 20, 3923 Arnold Ave., Martinsville; arrested on charges of possession, consumption or transportation of alcohol by a minor, possession of paraphernalia and possession of marijuana/hashish; released on $3,000 bond. Adrienne Nicole Jordan, 20, 176 Three Notch Lane, Bargersville; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $500 bond. Natasha Dawn Homeister, 27, 5642 State Road 135S., Nashville; arrested on a warrant from another state; held without bond. The following person recently was arrested on a charge of driving while intoxicated and booked into jail: David C. Parsons, 57, 2604 W. State Road 144, Franklin; released on $250 bond. STAY CONNECTED 11,655FansLike 3,605FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © All content copyright Daily Journal, a publication of AIM Media Indiana unless otherwise noted. Click here for privacy policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1932 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Trump’s Mexico tax hammers $580B market By MATT TOWNSEND Bloomberg News First Published 1 hour ago    •    Updated 1 hour ago Share This Article When White House press secretary Sean Spicer floated the idea of paying for a border wall with a 20 percent tax on Mexican imports, beer went flat. Shares of Victor, N.Y.-based Constellation Brands began falling Thursday: The company generates about 70 percent of its profit from importing Mexican brands like Corona and Modelo, and investors feared it would get hammered by the new tax. Constellation is far from alone in facing a reckoning if taxes or tariffs are imposed. U.S. companies that would suffer range from automakers like General Motors to retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores and Kroger and even medical-device producers like Medtronic. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Hostilities between President Donald Trump and his counterpart, Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico, could derail $584 billion in trade between the border nations. The relationship has made supply chains densely interconnected. American-made materials and parts make up 40 percent of the products Mexico exports to the U.S. Meanwhile, Mexico is America's second-largest export market and third-largest supplier of imported goods. "Because the economies are so far integrated, the industries that would be impacted are extremely broad," said Caitlin Webber, a trade analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. "It's hard to think of a U.S. sector that wouldn't be touched if there was a full-scale trade war with Mexico. It would really wreak havoc on the economy." The Mexican president scrapped his trip to Washington after Trump said he'd follow through on pledges to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement and charge Mexico to build a border wall. Spicer then responded by saying the U.S. could impose a 20 percent tax on all Mexican imports -- a notion he later said was just one idea to finance the wall. Separately, congressional Republicans have been pushing a tax on all U.S. imports as part of their efforts at rewriting the corporate code. Trump could likely impose a temporary tariff on his own authority, but would need Congress to impose what is known as an adjustable border tax on imported goods, according to Webber. Mexico would undoubtedly retaliate with its own tariffs and could revoke Nafta benefits for U.S. exporters, she said. An estimated one-third of goods imported from Mexico last year were sold at U.S. retailers, according to the Trade Partnership consulting firm in Washington. The pain of a trade war would spread to many facets of American life. Imagine sitting in a deck chair on the patio you built over the weekend, drinking a nice margarita. You're wearing Bermuda shorts. Mexico helped at every turn: - Home Depot, which sells pavers and landscaping gear, has sourcing operations in Mexico, and in 2015, the U.S. imported $10.7 billion in furniture. - The price of your tequila would likely be higher. From 2010 to 2015, consumption of the spirit rose 30 percent by volume in the U.S., more than any other alcohol category except cognac, according to Euromonitor International. That spurred the world's largest distillers, Diageo and Pernod Ricard, to increase investment in Mexico. - Those fashionable shorts? The nation in 2015 imported $3.7 billion worth of apparel and accessories from Mexico. But the relationship goes much further. Mexican imports also include oil, cars and lots of medical equipment. Medtronic alone has almost 1 million square feet of manufacturing space in the country for making products to treat cardiovascular disease. Spokesman Fernando Vivanco said the company was monitoring the dispute. Trump has said America's southern neighbor has taken advantage by not addressing trade deficits and border security, and sending undocumented immigrants who commit crimes and dilute the labor markets. Only a physical barrier -- paid for by Mexico -- can solve the problem, he has said. But U.S. shoppers would ultimately foot the bill for the wall, according to the National Retail Federation, an industry lobbying group. "The notion that Mexico is going to pay for this is wrong," said David French, a senior vice president for the group. "This is going to be paid for by American consumers. A tariff is a just a tax on consumers. Americans are already paying billions of dollars in tariffs, and this is just going to result in one more price increase." Retailers' exposure to increased import taxes is now being considered by investors, said Mike Balkin, an investor in small-cap stocks at William Blair Investment Management LLC. "There are so many things companies are trying to deal with, and it's just one more," Balkin said. "It's bad news," said Trevor Stirling, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein. "It'll slow down growth."   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Utah's Mia Love tears up at anti-abortion rally talking of her parents' choice for life ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » Blogs » Sundance Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Blogs » Sundance JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Blogs » Sundance Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Sundance Film Festival Sundance review: ‘Dina’ Tribune Staff First Published 3 hours ago    •    Updated 3 hours ago Share This Article HHHhj 'Dina' U.S. Documentary; 102 minutes. Perhaps the most beautiful romance at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival plays out in "Dina," a documentary as warm-hearted and as open as its title character. Dina Buno is a 48-year-old woman in suburban Philadelphia, who happily talks to anybody — her dentist, her friends, strangers she meets on the bus — about her life. She's busy preparing for her upcoming wedding to Scott Levin, who works as a door greeter at Walmart. When the two are together, though, it seems at first blush that Scott isn't as into Dina as she is into him. But for those who know the signs, it's immediately clear what's going on: Dina and Scott are both on the autism spectrum. VIDEOS TOP JOBS This is particularly evident when Dina tries to broach the subject of sexual intimacy. Scott, like many people on the spectrum, has difficulty showing his emotions or empathy to others, even to one's fiancee — so it's up to Dina to force the issue, which she does in a refreshingly forthright way. Directors Antonio Santina and Daniel Sickles don't spell things out, because they don't have to. They train their cameras on Dina and Scott in the act of being themselves, and let viewers extrapolate the rest. (The exception is the sensitive handling, late in the movie, of a dark moment in Dina's past.) In "Dina," Santina and Sickles strip away many of the trite cliches of documentaries about disability, and show two people dealing with autism together and on their own terms. – Sean P. Means   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment AT A GLANCE — Also showing: “Dina” debuted in the U.S. Documentary competition of the 2017 Sundance Film Festival. There are no more screenings scheduled. RECENT BLOG POSTS More distribution deals struck at Sundance ’17 Updated Jan 27 2017 11:33 pm   Sundance review: ‘Water & Power: A California Heist’ Updated Jan 27 2017 11:30 pm   Sundance review: ‘Strong Island’ Updated Jan 27 2017 11:27 pm   Sundance review: ‘Dina’ Updated Jan 27 2017 11:25 pm   Sundance review: ‘Roxanne Roxanne’ Updated Jan 27 2017 11:17 pm   POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Utah's Mia Love tears up at anti-abortion rally talking of her parents' choice for life ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Ex-Microsoft COO Kevin Turner is already out from his hedge fund job Julie Bort Jan. 28, 2017, 12:44 AM 2,287 facebook linkedin twitter email print Kevin Turner Citadel Kevin Turner who left the Microsoft COO position in July to become CEO of hedge fund Citadel Securities, is already out at Citadel, the company says. Turner is being replaced by long-time Citadel exec Peng Zhao who currently serves as vice chairman of Citadel. Zhao had previously been global head of market making for Citadel Securities. He joined the company in 2006 and worked his way up from a senior quantitative researcher role. Citadel Securities provides automated market making and execution services. It trades products like equities, equity options, and interest rate swaps for retail and institutional clients. The hire of a former Microsoft exec came a time when technology is becoming an increasing part of the financial system. However, Turner was never a technologist at Microsoft. He ran sales and marketing. And he came from the tight-margin world of retail, cutting his teeth at Walmart, spending nearly two decades there where he worked his way up from a cashier to chief information officer and later president and CEO of the Walmart-owned retailer Sam's Club. Turner then spent 11 years at Microsoft and was a major part of former CEO Steve Ballmer's brain trust. Turner was at one time in the running to be named CEO of Microsoft after Ballmer announced his retirement. Obviously, the job went to Satya Nadella instead. He was known as a tough operator and wasn't particularly beloved at Microsoft by the employees, several Microsoft employees told us. When he left, they took an anonymous chat app called Blind to basically cheer his departure. A person close to Citadel tells us that Turner sent a nice note to the CS team when his departure was announced and Ken Griffin, CEO of this unit's parent company Citadel, also publicly wished Turner well, sending us this statement: "I am pleased to announce Peng Zhao has been named CEO of Citadel Securities. I want to thank Kevin Turner for his leadership and the lasting impact he made on our firm. Kevin has made important contributions across many areas of Citadel Securities." Turner also had polite things to say about Griffin with this statement: "I want to thank Ken Griffin for his friendship and support, and for the opportunity to be a part of one of the most respected financial services companies in the world. I wish him and the entire team continued success." SEE ALSO: Microsoft employees took to an anonymous-chat app to rejoice after their COO left NOW WATCH: Harvard economist Rogoff explains why he is so optimistic about the economy under President Trump Loading video... More: Kevin Turner Citadel Securities facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Ex-Microsoft COO Kevin Turner is already out from his hedge fund job Ex-Microsoft COO Kevin Turner is already out from his hedge fund job Kevin Turner who left the Microsoft COO... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io State/Northeast Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Living Their Faith Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Single-car accident leaves one dead in Stonington 01-28 12:59 am Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Daughter, granddaughter of Malcolm X charged in truck theft, dog abuse Published January 28. 2017 12:22AM | Updated January 28. 2017 12:36AM By DAVID DISHNEAU A daughter and granddaughter of slain black nationalist Malcolm X have been charged with stealing a rental truck that was found in southern Maryland carrying seven pit bulls in what police described Friday as inhumane conditions. Malikah Saban Shabazz, 51, of Berlin, N.H., and her daughter Bettih Bahiyah Shabazz, 19, of Stark, N.H., were released in Charles County, Md., on Thursday after posting bond of $2,000 each, according to online court records. The records do not list defense attorneys, and calls to the women's possible telephone numbers were either not answered or not returned. The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata by a deputy responding to a report that the U-Haul truck in which they were traveling had been reported stolen earlier that day to Vermont State Police, according to charging documents. The truck's enclosed cargo area contained seven dogs, locked in crates and covered in their own waste, the documents state. One dog had injuries to its face, neck and eyes that required emergency care, the report said. The dogs were taken to an animal shelter, sheriff's office spokeswoman Janelle Love said. Malikah Shabazz told investigators that she owns the dogs, according to charging documents. Both women are charged with stealing the truck, valued at $40,000. If convicted, each could face up to 20 years in prison and $20,000 in fines. Malikah Shabazz is also charged with seven misdemeanor counts of animal abuse or neglect, each punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $1,000 fine. The arrests were first reported by TMZ.com. Malikah Shabazz is one of six children of Malcolm X, born Malcolm Little, and Betty Shabazz. She was born seven months after her father was assassinated in February 1965 in New York City by three members of the Nation of Islam, which Malcolm X had left a year earlier. She pleaded guilty in 2011 to stealing the identity of a 70-year-old woman to obtain credit cards and make purchases totaling $55,000.   Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Hide Comments READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Waterford-New London Friendship School agreement ends, school open to all applicants 2 Trump calls for more submarines — for less money 3 Credit union offering $90,000 in scholarships 4 Scissor boom lift topples in Ledyard, injuring two 5 Second arrest made in Sterling teen's death 6 Daughter, granddaughter of Malcolm X charged in truck theft, dog abuse 7 H.S. basketball: Pagan scores 1,000th career point as No. 1 Whalers roll 8 Merrill: 'No reason' for Trump's voter fraud probe 9 Blumenthal: Stripping federal funds from sanctuary cities would be ‘illegal’ 10 Brennan does it all for Waterford girls' basketball in win over Bacon Academy MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Highlights: Stonington 67, Montville 59 (OT) 2 John Luzzi, Matt Schmeelk and Zach Scott post-game interview 3 GameDay preview: Montville at Stonington boys basketball 4 Full game: Stonington 67, Montville 59 (OT) 5 Patience pays off for Waterford's Adam Pinch MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Bill would open college aid to undocumented students 78 2 State's sanctuary cities vow to continue policies 38 3 Analysis: Trump's border wall faces reality check 21 4 Utility co-op to stress savings to towns, businesses in fighting bill to abolish agency 17 5 Rhode Island will win the race to recreational pot, too 16 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data disappoints Despite optimistic predictions the JSE closed weaker on Friday in subdued trade as 2016 fourth-quarter US GDP grew 1.9% rather than the expected 2.2% Most Read MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data disappoints 16 hours ago JSE tracks weaker after volatile week 21 hours ago Rand weaker on US GDP fourth-quarter growth of 1.9% versus expected 2.2% 18 hours ago Columnists Editorials Letters When politicians regulate, wealth is transferred from those without to those with The poor and powerless do not always benefit as intended from attempts to redistribute wealth, writes James Peron Most Read EDITORIAL: More woe for Zwane 2 days ago TWEET OF THE WEEK: #PaidANCArrogance 1 day ago BL PREMIUM ROB ROSE: Gordhanian knots 2 days ago BL PREMIUM Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment More woes for consumers as fuel prices set to rise on Wednesday Prices for both 95 and 93 octane petrol will increase by 29c/l, both grades of diesel will increase by 21c/l, while LPG goes up by 21c/kg Most Read Hawks arrest more alleged licensing department fraudsters 18 hours ago Johannesburg Water cut supply to water-wasting areas 19 hours ago Sending out SABC report without recommendations is an ANC ploy, DA says 19 hours ago Money lust ‘threatens to split the ANC’ Senior officials are breaking the tradition of closing ranks and expressing their concern about how the party is now seen as a way to secure state contracts and jobs Most Read JUSTICE MALALA: The truth behind the 'white monopoly capital' propaganda assault 5 days ago LILY GOSAM: Zuma's secret blueprint for total power 1 day ago Coalition shift could give EFF metro 3 days ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Prosecutors say former VW chief knew of test cheating sooner than he admits German prosecutors have broadened their Volkswagen emissions-scandal investigation, and say a former CE knew about cheating earlier than he admits Most Read LG distances itself from Gupta family-owned Oakbay 22 hours ago WATCH: ANCYL storm Absa branch in Durban CBD 1 day ago Momentum axes trio over trade secrets 1 day ago Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket Changes to the CPI basket will insure that the inflation measurement reflects changes in consumer expenditure since the last reweighting in 2013 Most Read Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket 18 hours ago Budget’s tax hikes set to target high earners 4 days ago BL PREMIUM At least 30 countries are implementing audit rotations, says watchdog 4 days ago WATCH: When a mine moves out, poverty and despair move in Blyvooruitzicht Gold Mine went into liquidation four years ago, now village residents are left in extreme poverty with no help on the horizon Most Read Cosatu cries foul over Asian workers 1 day ago Marketers must implement stringent measures to manage media costs 1 day ago Permits issued to allow for first imports of GM maize from the US 2 days ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East African states to discuss mass withdrawal from International Criminal Court AU summit expected to consider "withdrawal strategy" to follow if reform demands are not met Most Read Donald Trump bars entry to US of people from seven countries 1 hour ago Denmark — where negative interest rates have ensured a rich populace 17 hours ago A battle looms between US environmental lobbyists and Donald Trump 17 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Young talent in Sri Lankan cricket team is dangerous, AB de Villiers says De Villiers now takes charge of the one-day squad when the five-match series against Sri Lanka begins on Saturday Most Read Young talent in Sri Lankan cricket team is dangerous, AB de Villiers says 17 hours ago Beijing soccer club Guoan FC tops AC Milan at $800m 1 day ago Springbok coach Allister Coetzee gets reprieve 2 days ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Extreme wealth costs the Earth The effect of lavish lifestyles on the environment needs to be understood, write Peter Wells and Anne Touboulic Most Read Porsche Panamera — executive athlete gets a makeover 2 days ago Luxury SUV party 2 days ago Porsche offers environmental executive Panamera 2 days ago Most Read World / Americas US unveils border tax plan as Mexican president calls off meeting with Trump The Trump administration is stoking up its row with Mexico, America’s third-biggest trading partner, by proposing a 20% tax on imports from Mexico 27 January 2017 - 12:47 PM Justin Sink and Nacha Cattan Mexico's Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo speaks about US President Donald Trump wanting to impose a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico to pay for a wall at the southern US border, in Washington, US January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Washington/Mexico City — Hours after Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancelled his first meeting with President Donald Trump the US administration mooted a 20% tax on imports from Mexico to pay for a wall along the southern US border. The tax plan was first put by White House press secretary Sean Spicer to reporters on Air Force One as Trump returned from a congressional Republican retreat in Philadelphia. "When you look at the plan that’s taking shape now, using comprehensive tax reform as a means to tax imports from countries that we have a trade deficit from, like Mexico, if you tax that $50bn at 20% of imports," Spicer said on the president’s plane. By doing that we can do $10bn a year and easily pay for the wall just through that mechanism alone," he said. Spicer did not say how such a tax would work or affect US consumers and companies. Asked if the tax could be applied to other countries, Spicer said the administration was "focused on Mexico right now". Later, Spicer summoned reporters to his office and said the tax was only "one solution" to pay for the wall and might be applied at a lower rate. He said its economic effect would have to be examined. The comments nonetheless suggested the White House is moving toward a "border adjusted" tax plan on companies’ domestic sales and imports that is favoured by House Republicans to replace US corporate tax. House ways and means chairman Kevin Brady, a Texas Republican and backer of the approach, called Spicer’s comments "very encouraging news". Spicer’s remarks come amid conflict between Trump and Mexico that escalated over a 24-hour period after the US president signed a directive on Wednesday to initiate the process of building the border wall. Trump’s border plan rapidly exploded into a showdown that threatens one of the world’s biggest bilateral trading relationships. The cross-border sparring prompted a drop in the Mexican peso, which fell 0.7% to trade at 21.21 to the dollar after Pena Nieto’s announcement. Mexico’s currency has plunged almost 14% since Trump’s election on concern that he will renegotiate or scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. After Pena Nieto said on Wednesday that Mexico would refuse to pay for a barrier on the US southern border, Trump blasted him with a tweet on Thursday morning. "If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting," Trump wrote. Pena Nieto, who was to meet with Trump January 31, responded a few hours later, tweeting: "This morning we’ve informed the White House that I won’t attend the working meeting scheduled for next Tuesday with @Potus." Higher prices The border tax Trump floated would not be imposed directly on Mexico but instead added to the cost of products as they crossed the border. That would cut profits of companies that import goods — such as Ford Motor, Walmart and Target — or mean higher prices for US consumers who buy the products. "Mexico doesn’t pay for the wall," said Jared Bernstein, senior fellow at the Centre on Budget and Policy Priorities. "American consumers who shop at places that import, like Wal-mart and Target, pay for the wall, making it a regressive tax supporting a dumb, wasteful idea." The National Retail Federation condemned the plan hours after it surfaced. "Americans are already paying billions of dollars in tariffs, and this is just going to result in one more price increase," said David French, senior vice-president of the trade group. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina tweeted: "Border security yes, tariffs no. Mexico is third-largest trading partner. Any tariff we can levy they can levy. Huge barrier to econ growth. "Simply put, any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila, or margaritas is a big-time bad idea. Mucho sad." Senator Ben Sasse, a Nebraska Republican who opposed Trump’s election, tweeted: "Tariffs are a tax on American families." Tax overhaul A border adjustment tax would radically remake the US corporate tax system. The House Republicans’ plan would apply a 20% tax rate to companies’ domestic sales while exempting their exports. Under the plan — which would apply to all countries, not just Mexico — businesses could no longer deduct the cost of imports they use or sell. The plan would generate about $1.1-trillion in revenue over a decade, according to an analysis by the conservative Tax Foundation. Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House speaker Paul Ryan, said that Spicer was describing the Republicans’ tax plan. At present, the US taxes its corporations’ worldwide income at 35% though they can use foreign tax credits to reduce that and companies don’t have to pay any US tax on overseas income until they move it to the US Ryan and Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell both suggested on Thursday that, after months of studiously ignoring the border-wall proposal, they were ready to act on the barrier as part of a spending request they expect from Trump to help get building going. The two congressional leaders said they were ready to spend as much as $15bn in federal funds to build the wall. Trump promises Trump won office with two central campaign promises: construction of a wall along the 3,182km border, at Mexico’s expense, to curb illegal immigration and stop a decline in US manufacturing jobs. Also at issue is the Nafta accord to which the US, Mexico and Canada are parties. The US and Mexico traded $531bn in goods and services in 2015, almost five times the trade between the US and UK. Mexico is the third-largest trading partner with the US, after China and Canada, and sends nearly 80% of its goods to the US. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray and Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo have been discussing the agreement since Tuesday with Trump administration officials in Washington. "Negotiations are paralysed," said Jose Antonio Crespo, a political analyst at the Centre for Economic Research and Teaching in Mexico City. "It’s clear that Trump made this decision, because he imposed conditions that are unacceptable." Bloomberg Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. African states to discuss mass withdrawal from ... World / Africa 2. Donald Trump bars entry to US of people from ... World / Americas 3. Denmark — where negative interest rates have ... World / Europe 4. A battle looms between US environmental lobbyists ... World / Americas Related Articles Trump's Mexican standoff grows with '20% tax' proposal World Mexico president cancels Trump summit as divisions deepen World / Americas EU trade boss tells Trump that reviving borders, trade barriers is doomed to ... World / Europe Donald Trump expected to order temporary ban on refugees World / Americas Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. African states to discuss mass withdrawal from ... World / Africa 2. Donald Trump bars entry to US of people from ... World / Americas 3. Denmark — where negative interest rates have ... World / Europe 4. A battle looms between US environmental lobbyists ... World / Americas Related Articles Trump's Mexican standoff grows with '20% tax' proposal World Mexico president cancels Trump summit as divisions deepen World / Americas EU trade boss tells Trump that reviving borders, trade barriers is doomed to ... World / Europe Donald Trump expected to order temporary ban on refugees World / Americas Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Senior notes for Hampshire and Franklin Counties and Metro East Plus, February 1, 2017. Print Email The Republican By The Republican The Republican on January 27, 2017 at 9:15 PM, updated January 27, 2017 at 9:19 PM comments AMHERST Council on Aging 70 Boltwood Walk, 413-259-3060. Second Hand Clothing Shop: The Amherst Senior Center announces the opening of a shop offering used clothing for sale. The shop will be open each Friday from 9 a.m.-noon in the Large Activity Room of the Bangs Community Center. Donations of clean, gently used clothing will be accepted during shop hours. Proceeds will help support the programs and services of the Amherst Senior Center. Senior Center Offers 2017 Parking Stickers: this parking program is designed to make parking near the center more convenient for older people. The parking sticker is valid for parking in the Boltwood Garage parking lot, both surface, underground and in the 12 spaces against the fence east of the Ann Whalen Apartments for four hour periods on weekdays between 8 a.m.-5 p.m. The cost is $25 for the full year and will be sold to newcomers and those who have used their 2016 stickers to attend Senior Center activities on the average of about one hour per weeks. WELLNESS CLINICS/SERVICES Senior Health Services Nurse Clinic: Mondays 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m. Thursdays 1:30-3:30 p.m. Free Blood Pressure Clinic: Tuesdays, 9-10 a.m. Wellness Grants: The Senior Center doesn't want anyone to be left out of its fitness classes or clinics because of lack of funds. A $15 wellness grant is available to low income Amherst elders upon request. Speak to Karen or Nancy at the center to fill out a simple means test form. A maximum of two $15 grants are allowed per month ($150 yearly cap) and can be used for clinic appointments or fitness classes (the funds for this come from donations). Convalescent Equipment and Supplies: The center has been collecting donated medical equipment for a number of years and loaning it to those n need of the items. The equipment includes commodes, walkers with wheels (and w/o), canes, crutches, raised toilet seats, disposable undergarments, washable under pads for the bed and other assorted items. Drop by weekdays between 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. to borrow what you need. Call the center at 413-259-3060 for further information. Emergency Preparedness: If you are at risk and would need special help in an emergency, please contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or Helen MacMellon at 413-259-3062 to be placed on our At Risk list. Senior Foot Care/Ear Irrigation: Fridays, 9:40 a.m.-12:40 p.m.with Sharon Beaulieu, RN. Call 413-259-3060 for an appointment. The fee for service is $28 for foot care and $25 for ear irrigation. Patients need to use Debrox Wax Softening drops at home two days prior to their appointment for hardened wax problems. Ear Irrigation Clinic: Dr. Daniel Clapp provides this service on the second/fourth Tuesday of the month from 3-4:30 p.m. $10 donation to the Amherst Senior Center Wellness Grants Gift Account is encouraged. No Debrox drops are needed. Call or drop in the Center to schedule an appointment. Massage Clinic: Tuesdays by appointment, $40 per hour or $25 for a half hour. Hearing Care Service: free, evaluations, screening, counseling, ear canal inspection, hearing aid assessment, please call to schedule an appointment. Hot Lunch: served weekdays at the center at 11:45 a.m., reservations should be made no later than 10 a.m. the previous day, call Kathy Nelson, at 413-259-3164 to sign up, $3 suggested donation. Wellness Rides Program: this program provides medical appointment transportation for Amherst seniors who are completely independent with mobility and decision making. Fee round trip: Amherst, $8; Hadley, $9; Northampton, Hatfield, $12; Easthampton, Florence, Leeds, Belchertown, $14; Holyoke, Deerfield, $16; Greenfield, $20; West Springfield, Springfield $30. Computer Tutoring Lessons: Free one on one, to make an appointment lease leave a message for Jack Wollensak by calling 413-259-3060. Computer Lab: available during our regular workday Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., free. Peapod by Stop and Shop: do your grocery shopping without leaving your home. Stop and Shop has an online grocery shopping service that delivers your groceries to your home. Its called Peapod, www.peapod.com or call 1-800-5-PEAPOD for further information. Atkins Country Market: Monday through Saturday you can have groceries delivered from Atkins Market. Orders have to e placed a day ahead. there is a $25 minimum order requirement, a 10% assembly fee and $8 delivery fee. Call Atkins at 413-253-7022 to place your order. Prescription Helping Hands: Do you have a difficult time picking up your prescriptions because of transportation problems? The center has volunteers who will pick up prescriptions and deliver them to your home. call Helen at the center 413-259-3062 for more information. Caregivers Support Group: Feb. 9, 23 and March 9, 23 from 1:30-3 p.m. COA Meeting: Feb. 9 and March 9, 9-10:30 a.m. SHINE: Feb. 6, 27 and March 6, 20 from 1-4 p.m. Brown Bag Pick Up: Feb. 2 and March 2, 2-4 p.m. Caregivers Loaning Library: to borrow a book from our library stop in to visit one of our social workers, Maura or Helen. Caregivers Massages: Talya Solomon is offering free massages to help relieve your stress. Contact Helen to schedule a massage at 413-259-3062or macmellonh@amherstma.gov FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ed Smith: Estate Planning and Elder Law: Feb. 17 and March 17, 1-4 p.m. AARP Tax Aide Program 2016: Thursdays, Feb. 9-April 13, 9 a.m.-1 p.m., providing free tax return preparation, please call 413-259-3060 to schedule an appointment. Name That Tune: usually the 1st and 3rd Mondays year round, 11-11:45 a.m. Joy of Song: March 16, 1-2 p.m. CLASSES/SEMINARS Drawing Classes: Mondays, 9:30-11:30 a.m., classes are $10 each payable to Carolyn Bruneau. Soothing Stretch: Fridays Feb. 3-June 23, 3-4 p.m. Strength In Numbers: Wednesdays, 2:30-3:30 p.m., March 1-April 5. A free educational series for preventing falls in older adults. Cosmology The EPR Paradox and Quantum Physics: Tuesdays, 2-7/28, 1-3 p.m. The EPR Paradox and Quantum Entanglement: Tuesdays, 3-14/5/2, 1-3 p.m. Anthropology of Deviance: Thursdays, 2-2/3-16, 10:30 a.m.-noon UPCOMING EVENTS Feb. 9: Mothballs in the Attic Talk, 1:30 p.m., bring yourself and or a loved one to take a walk down memory lane. Feb. 13: All About Stroke, 1:30-2:30, Patti Henault, RN will explain the different types of strokes, risk factors of stroke. how to prevent a stroke and what to do if you or someone you love is having a stroke. Feb. 17: Musical Special Event, Slavery to Civil Rights, 2 p.m. Feb. 28: Texas Roadhouse Friends Fundraiser, 3:30-9:30 p.m., March 13: Car Tips by Mark Whitney, 1:30-3:30 p.m. TRAVEL CLUB: Call the Senior Travel Club at (413) 259-3060 for information, Monday-Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Younger people and non-residents are welcome to participate. Feb. 16, 2017: Kennedy Library in Boston MA. and supper at the Salem Cross Inn, West Brookfield, cost $60 Mar. 24, 2017: Boston Flower and Garden Show and optional lunch at Maggiano's, cost $65. Apr. 21, 2017: Boston Symphony Afternoon Concert at Symphony Hall, Boston, cost $120. May 13-19, 2017: Barcelona Spain, 7 days, 8 meals, 5 breakfasts, 1 lunch and 2 dinners, per person rates, double $3879, single $4579, triple $3849, included in prices is the round trip air, attractions, insurance ($280), air taxes, and hotel transfers. June 18: Fathers Day Drovers Roast at the Salem Cross Inn in west Brookfield, $75/pp, leave at noon and return 4:30-5 p.m. June 30: Day on your own in Hampton Beach, NH, $55/pp, leave at 8 a.m. and return 9-9:30 p.m. Sep. 8-15, 2017: Northern National Parks, 8 days, 7 breakfasts, and 3 dinners, per person rates, double $3069, single $3769, triple $3039, included in price is the round trip airfare, insurance ($240), air taxes and hotel transfers. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Function Well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10:00 a.m.; drawing workshop, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; senior health services, 10 a.m.-noon, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; name that tune, 11 a.m.; lunch 11:45 a.m; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; tai chi, 3-4 p.m. Tuesday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; blood pressure clinic, 9-10 a.m.; tai chi/arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; line dancing, 10:45-11:45 a.m.; massage, 11 a.m-4 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; folk dancing, 1-2 p.m.; Scrabble, 1-3 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; ear irrigation with Dr. Clapp, 3-4:30 p.m. (2nd and 4th Tues. of the month). Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10 a.m.; Free Bread Program , 9:30 a.m.; morning yoga, 9:30-11 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; Bridge, noon-4 p.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m. Thursday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; tai chi for arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m .; Insular Southeast Asia 10:30-noon; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; chess games, 1-4 p.m.; memoir writing , 1-3:30 p.m.; senior health services nursing clinic, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; moving in rhythm 3-4 p.m. Friday: Second hand clothing shop open, 9 a.m.-noon; craft workshop, 9 a.m.-noon, cribbage games, 9 a.m. - noon; foot care & ear irrigation, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; ballroom dancing, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; grocery shopping, 10 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m. BELCHERTOWN Senior Center 60 State St., 413-323-0420. Aging Mastery Program: To be put on a waiting list for the next session, see Bill or Susan. Bunch of Losers: Weight loss program, meets every Monday, 10:45 a.m., share nutritional tips, recipes and support, call Susan for more information and to sign up. Dessert & Coffee Bar: Monday's, the kitchen will be serving dessert and self serve coffee right after lunch. Memory Cafe: This is for those with a diagnosis of a dementia related disorder, mild cognitive impairment, those concerned about their memory loss, family members and care partners. This is not a drop off program and caregivers should plan to attend. It is a time and place for people to interact, find support and to share concerns without feeling embarrassed or misunderstood. Please contact Bill at 413-323-0420 ext. 503 if you plan to attend so we can have enough light refreshments. Belchertown Police Department: first Thurs. of the month, 11:20 a.m. to review the newest crimes, scams and concerns. Digital camera classes: If interested, call Susan. Sewing Class: every Tuesday of the month, 12:30 p.m. Bring your project along with you and if you need to use a sewing machine a portable one is perfect. Free Movie of the Month 12:30 p.m.: Feb. 25, The Accountant Movie: free, 12:30 Feb. 8: Greater Feb. 25: A Man Called Ove Book Club: third Tuesday of the month, 1 p.m. Esthetician Services Offered: facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at just $30, to book an appointment call Susan at 413-323-0420 ext. 501. Parkinson Support Group: First Friday of the month, Feb. 3,1 p.m. Senior Center Van: , shop at Walmart or Big Y in Ware, door to door service round trip $3, please call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule. Rock & Roll Exercise: Thursdays at 3 p.m., stop and check it out, $5. Triad: Looking for new members, meets the last Tuesday of the month at 10:45 a.m. Van Rides: Call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 509 to arrange van rides, preferably the day prior. Door to door service $3 for round trip. Safe Entry Program: A program offered by Belchertown TRIAD in conjunction with the Police/Fire Dept. in which seniors have a lock box installed that holds their house key. The lock box will be installed on your home free of charge by a qualified volunteer. A minimum donation of $20 is required in order to help with costs. To receive a lock box, pick-up a contract and complete the Safe Entry Dorm Return to BCOA, c/o Susan Shea, Attn: TRIAD, 60 State St., Belchertown, MA 01007. Senior Travel Club: Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday 10-1 p.m. call 413-323-0420 Ext 513. March 7: Celtic Crossing with Andy Cooney, $89/pp May 9: A Taste of Providence, $74/pp July 7: The Spirit of Johnny Cash Oct. 3: The Naugy, $80/pp Upcoming Events Feb. 6: Felting class, 10 a.m., instructor Sarah Madison , create a valentines piece of art. Please bring a heart shaped cookie cutter along with you, all other supplies will be provided. Feb. 9,11: 11 a.m., Join Jim Mazik of the Pioneer Valley Planning commission to see if you quality and how you could benefit from the Aging in Place grant. Low and moderate income senior homeowners in Belchertown and Hadley would be eligible to receive a grant of up to $5,000 to implement improvements which will allow occupants to remain safely in their homes. Feb. 14: create a Valentines Day paper doll chain, the second project is Wire Heart Art, please bring a good pair of scissors for both projects and if you have wire cutters bring them also all other supplies will be provided. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Blood pressure and sugar checks, 8:45 a.m., first and third Monday of the month; osteo exercise, 10 a.m.; bridge, 10:30 a.m.; Bunch of Losers, 10:45 a.m.; yoga, 11:45 a.m.; hand and foot, 12:30 p.m.; TRIAD, third Monday of the month, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Computer, 9 a.m.; crafts, 9 a.m.; pitch, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Chordials, 10 a.m.; TRIAD, 10:45 a.m.; activities committee, 10:45 a.m., first Tuesday of the month; bingo, sewing class, 12:30 p.m.; association meeting, 12:45 p.m., first Tuesday of the month. Wednesday: Quilting, 9 a.m.; Eddie C., 10 a.m.; bridge, 10 a.m.; osteo, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; tooth fairy, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 2:30 p.m. Thursday: Birthdays, last Thursday of the month; pitch, 9 a.m.; computer class, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Zendoodle, 10 a.m.; painting, noon; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1:30 p.m.; COA Board, 6 p.m., fourth Thursday of the month. Friday: Knitting, 9:30 a.m.; yoga, 9:30 a.m.; pitch, 9:30 a.m.; brown bag, 10 a.m., second Friday of the month; audiologist, 11 a.m., first Friday of the month, by appointment.; Nickel-Nickel, 1 p.m. BRIMFIELD Senior Center 20 Main Street, (Located in the 1st Congregational Church), 413-245-7253 TRIPS Senator Gobi: Monthly Movie: UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES We have changed the suggested donations for classes. Amount for 55 and up $2, under 55, $3. Cup of Conversation: First Fri. of each month beginning Jan. 6, 10:35 a.m., please call the center if you would like to join the group. Lunch Club: Arthritis Class: Tuesday, 10:30 a.m., this class helps to alleviate pain in arthritis sufferers as well as aid in prevention, the class is mostly seated. Cardio Chair Dancing: on hold until the spring due to instructors schedule. All the benefits from dance but done in a chair. Great if you have knee, hip, balance or coordination challenges that make dancing difficult. Strength Training Classes: Mondays and Thursday's 9-10 a.m. A total body workout to upbeat music. Uses hand weights and exercise bands. Tai Chi; Qigong Classes: Tuesday and Friday, 9:30-10:30 a.m. This enjoyable class strengthens tendons, aids in fall prevention, balance and overall well-being. Regular Yoga: Wednesday morning 8:45 a.m., suitable for all levels of fitness. Redefined Yoga: Thursday, 10-11 a.m. Love the idea of yoga, but can't get down on the floor or back up? This class has all the benefits of regular yoga and incorporates standing, sitting in a chair and stretching but no getting down on the floor! Work at your own pace and ability level (suitable for wheelchair/chair bound). BINGO: 2nd and 4th Wednesday of the month. Join our group for fun and prizes. Snacks and beverages provided. $1 per card. Wii Bowling: 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month. Friendly competition with prizes and snack bar. Breakfast: We now have breakfast available every Wednesday at 10 a.m. Reservations must be made before 11 a.m. on the Monday before. $2 suggested donation. Lunch: Tuesdays and Thursdays, reservations required by 11 a.m. on previous day, $2 suggested donation. Coloring for Adults: 3rd and 4th Tuesdays at 11 a.m. Coloring books, crayons/pencils provided. EASTHAMPTON Council on Aging 19 Union St., 413-527-6151. Please Note: Some of our programs are open to the public, others are limited to Easthampton 55+, call 413-527-6151 ahead for for details. Closings: Call 413-527-6151 to check for open hours or early closings. New Strong Yoga Classes: possible class offering depends on interest level, need at least 5 to start, call 413-527-6151 if interested. Fitness Center: Open to Easthampton residents, 55 and older. Annual fee is $65 for residents, $100 per year for out-of-town. Garden Volunteers: If you can spare a few hours one-time only or more on a regular basis to assist with watering, weeding, trimming and cutting etc. and supervising the group from Honor Trial Court Program, please contact activity coordinator, Kim Jensen for additional information/details at 413-527-6151. Volunteer Receptionist: The Enrichment Center is seeking 2 volunteer receptionists for 3-4 hours/week from 12-4 p.m. or 4-7 p.m., to answer a 2-line phone system, make reservations for trips, activities and other events, and much more. This volunteer position requires someone who can multi-task, handle stress and who has excellent customer service skills and patience. Please call Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. New Grocery Shopping Delivery Program: The Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment Center has received a grant from Highland Valley Elder Services to partially fund a new grocery shopping delivery program. This new program will provide free delivery of groceries to Easthampton residents 60 years of age and older who: do not drive, have no available family members, friends or other support systems/services in place for grocery shopping, or cannot use the van or other transportation options to go grocery shopping. Anyone interested should contact Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. An Outreach Worker will need to make a home visit to determine eligibility. Cyber Angels Program: Wouldn't it be great to see a loved one that lives far way without leaving the comfort of your home? On-line video visits are a great way to stay connected with family and friends. We will bring in the technology (laptop) and set up the communication and stand by for any assistance you need to video chat with family and friends. There is no charge for this; this is a gift from us to you. Call Outreach Worker, Holly Handfield at 413-527-6151 x15 if interested. One-On-One Computer Assistance: Richard Bauman can help you with the basics. We have computers and laptops at the Enrichment Center for you to practice with, or you can bring your own. Call 413-527-6151 to schedule an appointment. ZUMBA GOLD: Saturday's, 10:30 A.M. and Tuesday's and Thursday's at 5 p.m., $5 per class at the Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment center WiFi and Laptop: Available at the enrichment Center. Billards: call for days and time, donations welcome Genealogy Group: Mini Hair Salon: $10 new clients, $12 regulars, please prepay and schedule your appointment in advance, 413-527-6151. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully: please call to preregister Board Meeting: Travel Club: Friends Meeting: Group Support Meetings: Thursdays, 4:30-6 p.m., please call for December dates. Mens Curmudgeon Group: SHINE: Thursdays, 9-noon TRANQUILITY ROOM EVENTS Reflexology for hands and feet: Wednesdays, 1-3 p.m., cost $15 payable in advance, please call to schedule your appointment. Reiki with David: $20 for 45 minutes. Call 413-527-6151 for further information and details. Bio Heatmat: Fridays by appointment, $5 donation to the center appreciated. Aroma Therapy and Sound Therapy: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., $15 for a 45 minute appointment payable in advance, call 413-527-6151 to schedule. Pepin Street School History Project: The Easthampton Council on Aging is delighted to collaborate with Miss Harwood's 3rd grade class at Pepin Street School on a History Project. If you are 80 and home bound this will be an opportunity to reach out into your community and share your story. The children will use the computers at school to connect with you. We will provide a lap top for you to converse with them right in the comfort of your own home. The questions that will be asked will be determined by you and the teacher. If your are interested please contact Holly Handfield Outreach Coordinator at 413-527-6151, ext. 15. Donations are welcome on all free events UPCOMING EVENTS LUNCH AND A MOVIE: Call the Enrichment Center at least one week in advance to preregister and prepay for your luncheon, cost is $4, lunch served at noon and the movie begins at 1 p.m. VAN TRIPS Big Y: Tuesdays at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. Big E's Foodland: Fridays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: gratitude yoga class, 9:30 a.m., $20 for four weeks, payable in advance; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Phase 10 card game, noon; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; Tuesday: Van to Big Y, 9 a.m. & 1 p.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, beginners, 6-7 p.m. Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance class, 10 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; hand craft group, 1-3 p.m. Thursday: SHINE appts., 9 a.m.-noon; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba gold, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, advanced, 6-7 p.m. Friday: Van to Big E's, 10 a.m. & 12:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Saturday: fitness center, 9 a.m.-noon; Zumba gold, 10:30 a.m. GREENFIELD Council on Aging 54 High St., Suite 2, 413-772-1517. Contact: Kathy Dunn at kathyd@greenfield-ma.gov; greenfieldMA.gov. HIGHLIGHTS Computer Lab: Monday-Friday Drawing Class: Feb 9, 1:30-3 p.m., Scratch Art, register with a $35 payment by Feb. 2. Registration fee includes instruction and all materials, class must meet minimum to run. Working on a prepared coated paper you etch white lines onto black surface with a fine point tool. Your subjects can be wildlife, landscapes or portraits. You will then learn how to build volume, produce highlights and create texture with your strokes. Wear Red Day: Feb. 3, wear red anytime at the center and be eligible to win a special door prize. Wearing red is a simple, powerful way to raise awareness that heart disease remains the No. 1 killer of women in the U.S. Valentine's Day Party: Feb. 14, 2-3:30 p.m., dessert buffet, plus coffee or hot chocolate with whipped cream. Watch your favorite I Love Lucy episodes on the big screen TV. Tickets are $3 each and are on sale now at the front desk. One lucky ticket holder will win a Valentine Gift Basket generously donated by the Arbors of Greenfield. Oral History Project with Greenfield High School Seniors: Beginning in early Feb. students will begin the GHS Oral History Project in which they will conduct two rounds of interviews with members of our local community. The first of the two 45 minute interviews will be at the center and will likely be wide ranging, while the second will possibly be held at GHS and will focus on a specific event or topic that impacted you and that the students will have researched beforehand. The final product will be a written narrative that describes the intersection of your personal experiences and our nation's history. If you would like to take part, please contact the center at 413-772-1517 ext. 0. Pizza Putt: Thursdays at 12:30 p.m., come for pizza, then stay and try our new indoor golf putting green. Please register for lunch with $4 payment by noon on Wednesday. Legislative Office Hours: Representative Paul Mark holds drop-in hours on the first Friday of the month. Tax-Aide by Liberty Tax Service: Feb. 13-24, free income tax preparation to low income Greenfield seniors, 65+ with a gross income under $25,000 for single and $60,000 for married by appointment only. To schedule an appointment please call the center at 413-772-1517 ext. 0. If you have any questions please contact MaryAnn Socquet at 413-772-1517 ext. 1. COUNCIL ON AGING NEWS: board meetings are held on the fourth Thursday of each month at 2 p.m. and are open to the public. For information about activities and trips call Activities Director Kathy Dunn, 413-772-1517, ext. 3. Movie Matinee: Call 413-772-1517 to reserve your seat, free. Pizza and Movie: Zorba The Greek, Feb. 2, pizza is $3 per person and the movie is free, call to reserve your seat. Computer Drop-in: Monday through Friday, 12:45-3:45 p.m. Ask Our Computer Geek: SHINE: Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Jan. 11-Feb. 22: Tai Chi with Marcia Gobeil, 1-2 p.m., 6 week series for $30. Register with payment by Jan. 4 or until class is full. Zumba: Resumes Feb. 1, 10:30 a.m.New participants must sign an exercise release form. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg,1 p.m.; duplicate bridge, 1 p.m.; writing group, 1:30 p.m. Tuesday: Bones & Balance I Exercise, Shine, 9:30 a.m.; contact bridge, 12:30 p.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Advanced aerobics and scrabble, 9:30 a.m.; zumba, 10;30 a.m. (no zumba on 11-23); pitch, Tai Chi, 1 p.m.; crafty seniors, 1 p.m. Thursday: Bones and Balance I Exercise, 9:30 a.m.; Art Open Studio, 12:30 p.m. Friday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 1p.m.; creative coloring, 1:30 p.m. HADLEY Council on Aging 46 Middle St., 413-586-4023. Website: coa@hadleyma.org Transportation Update: Thanks to the Friends of Hadley Council on Aging, and our supporting individuals and businesses, we are pleased to announce that on Tuesdays, we will be using the senior van to transport seniors to the Senior Community Center and to local medical appointments or to pick up prescriptions. Please see below for details: -For Hadley residents age 60+ that do not drive and have no formal support system such as a friend or family member who drives. -You must schedule your ride at least 2 business days in advance (preferably more as we start out) by calling 413-586-4023. -There will be a nominal fee of $2 each way unless you are a HVES or Mass Health client, in which case there is no fee. -Service area is Hadley and surrounding towns including: Hatfield, Amherst, Northampton and Florence. We reserve the right to make changes to this pilot program at any time and will give due notice of any changes in advance of scheduling your ride and in the newsletters. Requests may be denied based on available seats, priority requests, or additional unforeseen circumstances. We ask that you be patient as we roll out this program so we can make it as user-friendly as possible. Thursday Shopping Van: pick up at your home or apartment for groceries and staples at local shopping centers, call 413-586-4023 by Tuesday to schedule. Traveling and Need Pet Care: Who better tha a local retired teacher who is ready to give comfort and quality time to your pet. Will walk, feed, play and comfort your animals in your home or mine. For prices or more information call 413-584-8970. Veterans Service Agent: Wednesdays 10 a.m.-noon or you may call 413-587-1299. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets, call 1-603-518-5368. COA Board Meeting: Representative John Scibak: Fridays at 11:30 a.m., call the center for dates, he may also be reached at 413-539-6566. HEALTH, WELLNESS, SAFETY, OUTREACH Community Health Nurse Office Hours: Wednesdays, 8 a.m-noon. Alzheimer's caregiver support group: Second and fourth Wednesday, 2 p.m., call 413-584-5057, ext. 255. Hearing Screenings/Hearing Aids Cleaning: Third Tuesday of the month from 10-11 a.m. with Deborah Reed of Ascent Audiology. Social Security Prescription Program: You may be eligible to apply for Extra Help in meeting prescription drug costs. An application can be completed anytime during the year. Jayne Sullivan, our SHINE counselor can help you apply. Fuel Assistance: Those recertifying should have received their paperwork in the mail. Those that are applying for the first time may do so now. You must do your first intake in person. We can do that with you at the Senior Center. Please call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment with Elsie Waskiewicz. 2016 income eligible guidelines are $33,126 for one person and $43,319 for two. Veteran's Benefits: Tom Geryk is available on Wednesdays from 10. a.m.-noon. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets. Call 603- 518-5368 for more info. At Home Counseling: Jon Steinberg, LICSW, provides in-home counseling and psychotherapy, specializing in home bound elders. Insurance accepted. For more information call Jon at 413-210-5713 or JONS629@comcast.net. Visit www.homevisittherapy.com. New Lock Box Program: Sponsored by Hadley TRIAD, now accepting names for high risk seniors to have a lock box installed so police and fire personnel have access to your home in the event of an emergency. Call 413-586-4023 for more information. TRIAD meetings are open to the public and are held March-June on the second Thursday of each month at 9:30 a.m. SHINE: Counselor Jayne Sullivan is available to answer your health insurance questions. Call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment. Traveling Hairdresser: Candee Wong of Celebrity Beauty Salon is now making house calls to seniors. Shampoo and cut, wash and style, and more. Contact Candace for services, pricing and scheduling; 413-256-1899. New One-on-One Computer Tutorials: Steve Eagle is a new-to-us volunteer from RSVP that would like to offer free tutorials at our Community Center. If you're interested, please call the office at 413-586-4023. Computer Set Up: Janice Jorgensen is our volunteer making house calls on our behalf to help fix glitches or configure your system. Call us at 413-586-4023 to schedule a visit. Though there is no fee, donations to the COA are welcomed. Foot Clinic: $30 for clinic visit or $50 for home visit, call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment Stroke Prevention and Education: Brown Bag: Please pick up by 2 p.m. EXERCISE CLASSES Dancercise: Led by Nicole Lynn Smith, an all-over, aerobic based class and cool down. Mondays at 10:30 a.m., $6. Exercise Equipment Room: For those 55 and older, signed consent must be on file, orientation is mandatory, recumbent bike, nu-step and treadmills available. Fun and Fit: Led by Sidra Ellison, aerobic and small weights, Mondays at 3 p.m., $3 per class, pay one month in advance. Tai Chi: Mondays at 1:30 p.m., $4 per class, payable one month in advance. Healthy Bones and Balance I: Tue. and Thur. at 9:30 a.m., with Betty Faulkner, free. Balance: This class with Georgia & Elaine, Wednesdays, 2p.m. Yoga, Stretch, Flex and Breathe: Wednesdays at 9:15 a.m., with Ed Golding and friends. Free. Yoga/Pilates Mat Work: Fridays with Sidra Ellison, 10:30 a.m., $3 per class, payable one month in advance. Community Corner: Taking new or gently used donations for Spring Pocketbook and Scarf Sale, April 29, 2017. Donations can be brought to the center office Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. DATES TO REMEMBER DAY TRIPS Mar. 23, 2017: Westchester Broadway Theatre to see Mama Mia, luncheon and matinee, $119. Call Jane Nevinsmith 413-586-3772 Overnight Motor Coach Trips: Contact Gladys Nicholson at 413-658-7773 Spring 2017: Mississippi River Cruise, Apr. 1-10, 10 days and 9 nights. New Orleans to Memphis, $3099 per person, includes round trip flights, all meals during the cruise, shore excursions, entertainment, dancing lectures, port and gov. fees. Contact Gladys 413-658-7773 to ask about cabin availability. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dancercise, 10:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Tuesday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Wednesday: Yoga stretching, 9:15-10:30 a.m.; 11:45 a.m., lunch; healthy bones/balance, 2 p.m.. Thursday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15a.m.; lunch, 10:15-11:15 a.m. Friday: yoga/pilates mat work, 10:30 a.m.; canasta, 12:30 p.m. HAMPDEN Senior Center 104 Allen St. 413-566-5588. Hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: Mary Lee Walsh, from State Senator Eric Lesser's office, visits the Senior Center the fourth Wednesday of the month. COA: Feb. 14 Hair Cuts by Dolly: Call 413-566-8117 for an appointment. Dolly is also available to come to your home. Acrylic Painting Classes Every Thursday: $15 per session, all materials are supplied, class size is limited, sign up at front desk, 12-2 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minutes for $10 Reiki: Call Carleen for appointment at 413-525-7345. Outreach: Wendy Turer, Mon-Fri, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. VOLUNTEER DRIVERS: Please call Wendy with questions or to sign up as a driver to take older adults to medical appointments. Friends of Hampden Seniors Group: It is time to renew your membership. Forms are available at the front desk, $5. OUTREACH AND WELLNESS CORNER Brown Bag: Feb. 21, 1 p.m. Blood Pressure: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 10-11 a.m., free, provided by Silver Linings Home Care. S.H.I.N.E.: Call for an appointment with Becky if you need help navigating the Medicare maze. MERCY: Every Wednesday 11:00 a.m.-noon FARMERS MARKET: Feb. 10, Mar. 10, and Apr. 7, 10 a.m.-noon John Hicklen: AMP: Feb. 24, 10 a.m. Memory Cafe: Feb. 3, 17, 9:30 a.m.-2 p.m., the cafe will provide conversation, light refreshments and various activities, RSVP required. Fallon Insurance: Feb. 14, 10 a.m. Monthly Breakfast: Feb. 28, $3, beignets, ham and egg bake, fruit wedges and juice, please sign up at the front desk or call 413-566-5588. Movies, Mondays at 12:15 Feb. 6: Precious Cargo Feb. 13: Love Finds You in Vanentine Feb. 27: Ticket Out UPCOMING EVENTS: call 413-566-5588 or sign up at front desk for all our events Feb. 3: Superbowl Lunch, 11:30 a.m. Feb. 8, March 15, April 5: Memoir Writing Class, 10-11:30 a.m., $20 for all 4 sessions, space is limited call to sign up. Feb. 17: Valentine Luncheon, 11:30 a.m. followed by Love is in the Air, noon, cost $5, appetizers, homemade soup, sandwich and dessert. Feb. 20: CLOSED Feb. 21: SNAP, 12:30-2 p.m., will provide prescreening and if eligible will help you apply. TRIPS WITH BOBBI GRANT: Call Bobbi at 413-566-8271 or email bobijg2@chartner.net May 20: Blue Man Group, matinee, lunch on our own at CambridgeSide Galleria, reserve orchestra seats for a hilarious show at The Charles Theater, $91/pp. June 25: Cape Cod Canal Cruise, lunch at Lindsey's Family Restaurant in East Wareham, cruise the canal out of Onset with entertainment on board, $85/pp. July 25: Newport Playhouse and Cabaret, fantastic buffet lunch with lobster, reserve seats for performance of comedy Baggage, Cabaret (2nd show), $95/pp. Sept. 13: Thimble Island Cruise, visit USS Nautilus, Submarine Museum, Waterfront Lunch at the Maritime Grille, Narrated Island Cruise, $78/pp. Maximum 48 passengers, part of the cost for this trip is donated to the center. Oct. 13: Lakeside Turkey Train, Lake Winnipesaukee Scenic Train Ride, delicious dinner on board, visit to Anheuser Busch Brewery,, $86/pp, maximum 48 passengers. Nov. 14: Cher and Elvis, delicious family style lunch at The Aqua Turf Club in Plantsville, Ct. Complimentary glass of wine or beer, vegas style show and door prizes, $76/pp. TRAVEL CLUB May 18: London and Paris. Jun. 4-12: Northern California, trains and wineries. Napa Valley wine train, San Fran Bay Cruise, Sonoma Wine Country and Winery tours, Yosemite and more. Sep. 8: American Cowboy Country, 8 days, Yellowstone, Mt. Rushmore, Badlands National Park and more. Oct. 27-Nov. 5: Hawaii, Includes a 7 night cruise aboard Pride of American. ACTIVITY CORNER Art is 4 Every: Thursdays, noon Bridge: Mondays, 9:30 a.m. looking for players. Bingo: Thursdays, noon, .50 a card. Bunco: Will be back in the spring. Call or sign up at front desk. Canasta: Tuesdays, 12:30 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minute massage for $10. Chair Yoga: Tuesdays, 11a.m., $5 per class. Choral Group: Mondays, 2:45 p.m. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Genealogy: First and third Thursdays, noon. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Jewelry: 3rd Tuesday, 9:30-11 a.m., $3 per class plus cost of the beads. Knitting: Mondays, 9 a.m. Line Dancing: Thursdays, 2 p.m., $3 per person. (Nov. 3, cancelled). Mahjong: Fridays, noon, will teach anyone interested Manicure/Pedicure: call Cathy at 413-335-7422. Pitch: Wednesdays, sign up at 11:45 a.m., play starts at 12:15 p.m., cost $2. Pool, Ladies: Tuesdays, 9 a.m. Pool, Men: Thursdays, 9 a.m. Quilting: Fridays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Shuffleboard: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. weather permitting. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Strength Training: Tuesdays, noon, $5 Tai Chi: Mondays, advanced class 10 a.m., beginner class 11:15 a.m., cost $5. Trivia: Wednesdays, 10 a.m. Water Color: Last Mon. of the month, 12:30 p.m. Weight Training: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m., $3. Yoga: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1 p.m., $5 per class. Zumba Gold: Mondays noon, $5. Call for fliers or pick one up at the HSC. HARDWICK Senior Center 179 Main St. Box 524, Gilbertville 413-477-6707. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Bingo, 9:30 a.m.; bocce ball, 9:30 a.m. Tuesday: Art lessons 9-11 a.m.; games, 10-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m. Wednesday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m.; Wii fitness, 10 a.m.; line dancing, 10 a.m.; pitch, 12:15 p.m. Thursday: London Rummy; 10 a.m.; scat, noon. Friday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m. HOLLAND Senior Center 40 Brimfield Road, 413-245-3163. Hours: Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS Movie Night: $10 for a group, $5 for individual and $3 for seniors, popcorn and drinks included, feel free to bring blankets, pillows, camp chairs, sleeping bags or dinner. Prescription Advantage: As a Prescription Advantage member you are entitled to a one time Special Election Period each year that allows you to join or change your Medicare drug plan outside of Medicares open enrollment period. To Join Prescription Advantage or if you have any questions please call Prescription Advantage Customer Service at 1-800-243-4636 and press 2. TTY (toll free) for the deaf and hard of hearing at 1-877-610-0241. New-Open Crafts: Two Saturdays a month from 9 a.m.-noon. Stay tuned for dates. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Mondays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; Texas Hold'em, 6 p.m. Tuesdays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays: Yoga, 5 p.m.; pitch, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; quilting, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Thursdays: Stained glass, 6-9 p.m.; walking club, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. LUDLOW Senior Center 37 Chestnut St., 413-583-3564. The Senior Center is now open Tuesday nights until 7:30 p.m. Activity Volunteers Wanted: We are looking for volunteers to help set up and run the following activities: chair volleyball, bean bag baseball and ladder toss. If interested, please see Carla for details. Alice Boutique: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. The boutique accepts donations of gently used or new clothing and merchandise. Drop off donations at the front desk. Fitness Room: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., $10 sign up fee, completed doctors form and a one time orientation on equipment and room standards. Pen Pals: We are looking for volunteers to be pen pals with a class at Chapin Street School. The project is still in the works but the goal would be to exchange letters with the class over the span of a few months and meet during Global Play Day in February. If you are interested sign up at the front desk and Sarah will contact you with more details. RMV Near Me: Feb. 27, 1:30-3:30 p.m. Transactions are license renewals, registration renewals, change of address, duplicate license or registration and how to report a lost or stolen disability placard. Evening Volleyball: Monday and Thursday at 5:30 p.m., cost is $20 for the season, held at the East Street School SPECIAL LUNCHES Feb. 14: Valentines Day Lunch, 11 a.m. Feb. 15: Birthday Lunch, 11:30 a.m. MEDICAL SERVICES Pedicure with Town Nurses: Every Tuesday, by appointment, for Ludlow residents only. Pedicures are $10. Diabetics are required to provide a note from their doctors before a pedicure can be given. Call the Center for an appointment time. Blood Pressure Checks: Tuesdays, 1-2 p.m. Massage Therapy: Every Monday with Meaghan Murphy. 15 minutes of massage for $10 or 30 minutes for $20. Call the center to schedule an appointment. Hearing Clinic: Feb. 28, Deb Stroetzel from Wing Medical Center provides answers to questions you have regarding your hearing, appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. MEETINGS & SUPPORT GROUPS Triad Meeting: Feb. 22, 10 a.m. Veterans Agent Office Hours: Feb. 22, 10:30 a.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: New date to be announced. SHINE: Every other Monday, call for an appointment. Brown Bag Program: Feb. 21, from 1-3 p.m. Brown Bag helps those over the age of 55 who meet income guidelines. Applications are available at the Senior Center. Pick-up is the third Tuesday of each month. $3 suggested donation. This program is offered through the Food Bank of MA. Council On Aging Board Meeting: Feb. 15, Third Wednesday of the month at 4:30 p.m. Men's Breakfast Club: Feb. 24, Last Friday of the month at 8:30 a.m., in Wilbraham. Sites alternate between Ludlow and Wilbraham. Friends of the Ludlow Senior Center: Feb. 8, Second Wednesday of the month at 10 a.m. OUTREACH The Ludlow Lost Citizen Alert Program: The program was developed by the Ludlow Police Dept. and Ludlow COA, and is designed to provide rapid response in locating cognitively impaired residents who have been reported missing. Stop by the Senior Center or Ludlow Police Dept. for a registration form. All information is kept confidential. File of Life Forms: This vital tool provides emergency personnel with your health and insurance information. Everyone should have one on their fridge and in their purse or pocket. Forms are available at the center. Please stop by to pick one up. We can help fill it out as well. AARP Tax Appointments: Beginning Fridays in Feb., call 413-583-3564 to schedule an appointment. Fuel Assistance: Applications are still available. SPECIAL EVENTS Feb. 3: Super Bowl Party, 10:30 a.m., sample an assortment of appetizers and talk about which team you'll be rooting for. Feb. 7: Decorating Group, 1 p.m. Feb. 14: Paraffin Wax Hand Treatments, 1 p.m., free, preregister is required Feb. 15: Senior Center Update, 10:30 a.m. Feb. 17: Trivia, 10:30 a.m. Feb. 22: Jewelry with Sandy Merrill, 9:30 a.m., $3 plus the cost of your supplies, please preregister. Feb. 23: Senior Carnival, 10:30 a.m. MOVIE SCHEDULE 1:15 p.m. Feb. 6: Sully Feb. 13: War Dogs Feb. 27: Snowden MUST SEE MOVIES ON THURSDAYS 1:15 p.m. Feb. 2: The Gay Divorcee Feb. 16: A Night In Casablanca TRANSPORTATION SERVICE Feb. 6: Eastfield Mall or Stop and Shop, $2, departure 12:30 p.m. and return at 3 p.m. Big Y/Randall's: Every Tuesday and Thursday. Departs 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. When you make your reservation include which stop you prefer. SENIOR CENTER TRIPS Feb. 9: Wegmans Grocery Store. 9:30 a.m., $2.00. We're traveling an hour to Northborough. We'll eat at the store which has everything from pizza to sushi. The snow date for this trip is Feb. 24. Feb. 16: Lunch Bunch; Egg and I, 11 a.m., $2.00. Grab breakfast or lunch at Sarahs favorite spot in South Hadley. Anyone Interested: Are you interested in line dancing classes or would like to just dance with others? Let us know if Thursdays after 1:15 p.m. work. Also, we have a few people looking to play Mah jongg. If you want to learn or play casually, let us know what days and times work best for you. Mindfulness Meditation: Book Club: 2nd and 4th Friday of the month, 1:30 p.m. Feb. 24, They Called Her Reckless: a true story of war, love and an extraordinary horse. TRX Fusion: Tuesday and Friday, Feb. 28 - April 7, 9 a.m., $3 a session $33 for 11 classes, see Sarah for details. Monday Pitch Group: 1 p.m.; $2 entry fee each week. Call the Senior Center at 583-3564 for more information. Line Dancing and Mah jongg are coming in 2017 Cribbage Group: Moving to Fridays 1 p.m. Self Care Yoga: Thursdays, Feb. 9 - May 25, 10-10:45 a.m., $39 for 13 sessions or $5 drop in rate. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Fitness room, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.; knitting, 9 a.m.-noon; massage appointments, 9:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; dominoes, 10-11:00 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 9-ball round robin billiards and round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; pedicures by appointment, 8:30 a.m.; quilting, 9-11:30 a.m.; bean bag baseball, 10 a.m.; lunch, noon; round robin billiards 12:30 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; blood pressure 1-2 p.m. Wednesday: Fitness room and open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; pitch, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9-9:45; womens billiards, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; Yoga 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 8-ball round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; choral group, 1-2 p.m.; ceramics, 1 p.m. Friday: Fitness room/open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon.; coloring club, 1-4 p.m.; chair volleyball, 1:15 p.m. MONSON Senior Center 106 Main St., 413-267-4121. Birthdays: Second Tuesday. Let us know if it is your birthday. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Knitting/crocheting, 10 a.m.; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; art, 1 p.m., $2.; craft & laugh night, 6-8 p.m. Tuesday: Foot care, first Tuesday, by appointment; $28; Reflexology, third Tuesday, 10 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; birthday parties, second Tuesday; canasta, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1 p.m., $5; Craft & Laugh night, 6-8 p.m.; ceramics, 6 p.m., $3. Wednesday: Health screening/blood pressure, second Wednesday, by appointment, donations accepted; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; zumba gold, 4 p.m., $5. Thursday: Ceramics, 9:30 a.m., $3; chair massage, every other Thursday, 11 a.m., $5 for 10 minutes; reike, first Thursday, 11:30 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; lunch bunch, second Thursday of the month; movie, first Thursday of the month, 1 p.m.; Woodwackers, 6-8 p.m., $10 membership fee per year. Friday: Chair exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, 12:30. MONTAGUE Gill-Montague Senior Center 62 Fifth St., Turners Falls, 413-863-9357 or 413-863-4500. Hours/Website: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m.; MontagueMA.net. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. Tuesday: Walking group (weather permitting), 9 a.m.; chair yoga, 10:30 a.m. Wednesday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m. Friday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. NORTHAMPTON Senior Services & Senior Center 67 Conz St., (413) 587-1228; fax 413-587-1233 Hours: Weekdays, 8:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Photo Club: Join us on the first Friday of each month, 1:30-3:30 p.m., a place for photographers of all levels to share their work. Mystery Book Club: Creative Writing: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon, Movie: Movie Rentals: Join the movie club for a one time fee of $5 and the rent popular DVDs for just $1, ask to see the list of more than 600 movies at the receptionists desk Interfaith Help: Each Tuesday afternoon through May, 1 p.m. Caregiver Support Group: Tuesdays, 10 a.m., preregistration is required, please call 413-455-1936 ext. 104 SHINE: Fridays, 9 a.m.-noon, by appointment only. Foot Clinic: Nutritional Outreach: Landscape for Life: fee based classes open to the general public call for more information. Walking Group: Come walking, the best exercise! Ellen Dickinson leads a 45 minute moderately paced walk around Northampton every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 10 a.m. from Northampton Senior Services. All seniors with a scan card are welcome to join in this fun and free group. Good Neighbor Energy Fund: Emergency financial assistance for Northampton seniors age 60 and older. Call Michel Dihlmann at 413-587-1226. Computer One on One Appointments: Call for appt., small fee. Artist of the Month: Chess Lessons: John Boucher and Michael Posner continue chess lessons at the Northampton Senior Center! Each month they are here on the second and fourth Friday from 1:30-3:30 p.m. All players are welcome, including beginners. Evening Yoga Classes: Yoga instructor Donna Edgarton leads an effective 7 p.m. evening yoga class that is safe for seniors of all ages, and abilities. Donna is a Kripalu certified yoga instructor and a certified occupational therapy assistant with a strong background in dance. She has been practicing and teaching yoga for many years and is passionate about sharing this discipline with people as they search for their physical, mental and spiritual health. Classes will continue on monthly basis and the cost for all four classes is $30 for Northampton seniors and $35 for non-residents and those ages 55-89. A drop in option is also available. Tea Time Tuesdays: Come relax, share in good conversation and enjoy a hot cup of tea or coffee. Afternoon tea will continue each Tuesday from 2:45-3:45 p.m. Free with scan card. Zumba Gold: Classes with Johnna Paulsen continue with a new time slot at Northampton Senior Services. This is a modified, low impact version of the Zumba fitness program, combined with Latin and International music and dance moves. Class is fun and no dance experience is necessary. Classes meet Wednesday afternoons from 1-2 p.m. and are open to resident and non-resident seniors. Option to pay by the month or per class. Please call 413-587-1228 for more information or if you have any questions. Adult Coloring: Each Wednesday from 7-8:30 p.m. A selection of coloring books and art supplies will be provided. Participants are welcome to bring their own books and supplies. Free for all seniors with a scan card. Meditation Sessions: Certified meditation instructor and teacher in the Shambala tradition, Carl Nardiello continues meditation classes on Monday afternoons at 1:30 pm. No previous experience is necessary, just a willingness to try something that can be extremely helpful in navigating our daily lives and can enable us to make the most of our energy and time. Meditation has many benefits for our mental and physical well being. Classes are open to resident and non-resident seniors as well as those ages 55-59. A four week session is $20 for Northampton residents and $25 for non-residents and 55-59. A drop in option is also available. Chair Volleyball Returns: Join us Tuesday afternoons at 2 p.m. Tap Classes: Many levels of tap taught by Carol Butler Watelet will be offered on Wednesday and Thursdays. Upcoming Events Feb. 13: Dr. Atul Gawande will be the keynote speaker at the public forum, 4:30-6:30 p.m., a discussion about living well in todays world, free, refreshemnts available. DAY TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 April 27: Boston fine arts Museum, $71, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. April 29: Annie, the Musical at the palace Theater, Waterbury Ct. $133, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. May 6: Patriots Place Museum, $76, lunch included at Luciano's, deadline to sign up is April 6. May 11: Norman Rockwell Museum with special Hanna Barbera exhibit, $57, lunch is on your own at Michaels Restaurant, deadline to sign up is April 11. June 19: The Tall Ships come to Boston Harbor, 50 vessels from 20 countries, $118, deadline to sign up is May 1, wait list only July 16: Gloucester Harbor Cruise, $116, lunch is included at the Gloucester House, deadline to sign up is June 17. Oct. 5: Moon River, Andy Williams songs performed by Jimmy Osmond, Lunch is included at Mohegan Sun Casino, $87, deadline to sign up is Sept. 5. EXTENDED TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 May 21-27, 2017: Mackinac Island, cost $595, 7 day bus trip with 4 consecutive days in Northern Michagan, $75 will reserve your seat, passport is needed, deadline to sign up is March 1. Aug. 20-27, 2017: Bermuda Cruise, cost $1269 for double occupancy, $350 will reserve your cabin (rescheduled from June), passport is required, deadline is May 1. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; lap quilt project, 9 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; creative writing, 10 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; computer tutor, 11 a.m.; needle workshop, 1 p.m.; meditation, 1:30 p.m.; coloring for adults, 2 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; cup of conversation, 9:30 a.m.; stretch & tone, 10 a.m.; caregiver support group, 10 a.m (preregister).; walking group, 10 a.m.; dancing with Joan, 11 a.m.; duplicate bridge , noon; sewing workshop, 12:30 p.m. (preregister); pitch, 1 p.m.; tea time, 2:45 p.m. Wednesday: Dynamics Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; digital photography 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; beginner tap, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 12:30 p.m.; Scrabble, 1 p.m.; Timeless Tunes, 1 p.m.; zumba gold 1 p.m.; Feldenkrais, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Thursday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; benefits counseling by appointment, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 10 a.m.; walking group 10 a.m.; wisdom project, 10 a.m.; knitting drop-in, 10 a.m.; third year tap, 11:30 a.m.; contact bridge, noon; second year tap, 12:30 p.m.; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:30 p.m.; intermediate tap, 1:30 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Friday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; duplicate bridge, 12 p.m.; visit from Dewey the therapy dog; 12:30 p.m.; gentle chair yoga, 1 p.m.; Senior Gay Men's Drop-in Group, 1 p.m.; yoga, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. PALMER Senior Center 29 Central St., 413-283-2670 or online at townofpalmer.com. Weather Policy: If schools are closed due to weather, the center is closed and there is no van service or meal service. The staff reports to work and will be available by phone. If the Town Hall is closed, then the center will also be closed with no staff reporting. Alterations: Tuesdays, 1:30-2:30 p.m., or to make alternate arrangements, call Sandy at 413-289-6319. Free tips to Live Healthier: Log in from your own computer for two hours a week and learn how to reduce pain, eat well and talk with your doctors so you can live healthier, sign up today, restartliving.org/Massachusetts.php Van Rides: Please remember to schedule out of town van appointments for earlier in the day; the van needs to be back at the center by 4 p.m. If you need to get to an important appointment call PVTA @ 1-866-277-7741. SPECIAL PROGRAMS/SPEAKERS Emergency Preparedness Kits: Thanks to the EOEA Formula Grant we have Red Cross Emergency Kits available. Learn about the contents, effective usage of supplies, kit maintenance and storage requirements from Ruth Amador, RN and you will receive a kit. Wish List: We need coffee, regular/decaf, sugar, flour, canned pumpkin, maple syrup, quart storage bags, sandwich bags, large/small paper plates, and items for our birthday bags. Thanks to all who donate. Need a Carbon Monoxide Detector?: Call the Senior Center and the Palmer Fire Dept. will come and install a free detector if you need one. Line Dancing: every Thursday at 1 p.m., cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. Valentine Craft: Feb. 7, 10 a.m., free, call to register so we have enough materials. Valentine's Day Celebration: Feb. 13, 11:15 a.m., punch and appetizers before lunch. Entertainment by Laurie Festa singing her Love Songs of Legendary Ladies. Space is limited so call to make your reservations, $2 donation is requested. Health New England: Feb. 8, 12:30 p.m., attend a free medicare information session. We will walk you through the different parts of Medicare including Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement and explain how and when you can sign up. We can also help you determine if one of our Medicare solutions might fit your needs. 50+ Job Seekers Networking Group: Feb. 17, 10 a.m.-noon, going forward we will be meeting biweekly on the 2nd and 4th Friday of each month, new topic each meeting Medical Advocate: We have started a medical advocate program to provide a driver and a person to help you at the Dr. office and be your ears and eyes. You will need to call and schedule the appointment with us and also sign off that you give permission for this person to accompany you into the doctors office. All information is completely confidential. This program is only for those who need the help because they do not hear will or do not understand what the Dr. is telling them. AARP Tax Preparation: Feb. 14 and continuing every Tuesday until April 11. This is a volunteer run tax assistance and preparation service and is free. It is available to tax payers with low and moderate incomes and residents age 60 and older. St. Patrick's Celebration: March 8, 11:30 a.m. Night Time Pitch: Feb. 16, 5:30 p.m. Movie Day 12:30: Feb. 6, Miracles from Heaven Book Club, 2nd Wed. of the month: Feb. 8, 1:30 p.m., Todd Smola: March 13, 10 a.m. Tyler Wolanin: Feb. 8, 12:30 p.m. TRIPS March 14: Saint Patrick Lunch and Show, Aqua Turf Club and a family style luncheon, $85, leave at 9:30 a.m., return at 5 p.m. May 19-26, 2017: Bermuda 7 day cruise, cost $1195 per person and includes insurance and transportation to the dock in Boston, final payment due March 3. June 15: Twin River Casino, $65, leave at 7:30 a.m. and depart at 4:30 p.m. Includes $15 slot, lunch buffet and matinee show Four By Four. June: Ogunquit, ME, in the planning stage, playhouse and dinner along the ocean at fosters. Sept. 10-16: Pigeon forge and Smoky Mountains Show Trip, $565 pp double occupancy, 7 days, 6 nights, 6 breakfast, 4 dinners, 5 shows, historic downtown Gatlinburg, and a guided tour of the Great Smoky Mountain National Park, $75 due upon signing, add $180 for single occupancy, final payment due July 3. Trip insurance available at additional cost. HEALTH & FITNESS CLASSES: YMCA Strength Training: Mon. & Wed. from 10-11 a.m. This one hour class is conducted by certified instructors from the YMCA. This class is appropriate for all levels of ability. Weights are provided by senior center. Cost is only $2.00 per class payable at the front desk. Tai Chi: Every Thursday from 10:30-11:15 a.m. This free class is sponsored by LifeCare of Wilbraham & Stacia Cantin, Certified Tai Chi Instructor. Arthritis/Range of Motion: Tuesdays, 10-11 a.m., free Swimming at the YMCA: Tues/Thurs from 1-3 p.m. for Palmer Senior Center attendees. Cost only $3. Payable at the YMCA. Walking Group: Tuesday and Friday , 9-10 am. Dave Ridz, Walking Champion will be leading this group. HEALTH CLINICS Blood Glucose Clinic: Feb. 6, 9 a.m.-noon Fallon Health: Feb. 7, 10 a.m.-noon Blood Pressure: Every Wednesday from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Ruth Amador, RN will be available to take blood pressure readings. (Third Wednesday of month from 9-11:30 a.m.) Ruth will help you w/any questions you may have pertaining to your health or medications. No appointment necessary. Foot Care: Feb. 2, by appointment starting at 8:30 a.m., $29, diabetics welcome but must have permission slip signed by a doctor, home visits available to shut ins. Free Hearing Screening: Feb. 9, 1:15 a.m.-noon, hearing aid batteries are available for only $2.50 for a package of four. Massage Therapy: Feb. 2,16, 11 a.m.-1:15 p.m., ten minute chair message for $5, call to schedule an appointment SUPPORT SERVICES: Veteran's Agent: Palmer's Veteran's Agent, Debbie has left her position in Palmer. We will be working with the new agent for future appointments.here at the Senior Center.. Volunteer Drivers: Available to drive you to medical/doctor appointments, grocery shopping or the pharmacy; call to set up a ride. Emergency Preparedness Kits: Call the center if you have not received one. Free Legal Assistance: Feb. 14, 8:30-9:30 a.m., you must call to schedule an appointment. Computer Classes: Every Thursday (except the 3rd Thurs.) at 10:45 a.m. Call to sign up. Breakfast: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9:15 a.m., $2 donation. Lunch: Every Mon. and Wed. and Fri., 11:30 a.m., call 2 days in advance. Brown Bag: Feb. 10, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. SHINE: Feb. 7, 21, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., call for an appointment, Palmer residents only for the month of Feb. Van Service: daily van is available Mon. through Fri. 8 a.m.-3:30 p.m., no can 11:30 a.m.-noon, call to schedule. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Cards: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 8:30 a.m. Trivia: Every Fri., 12:30 p.m. Coloring: Every Mon. (except movie day), noon Movies: First and third Mon. of every month at 12:30 p.m. Line Dancing: Every Thur., 1 p.m. Book Club: Every 2nd Wed. of the month, 1:30 p.m. Bingo: Every Mon., 12:30-3 p.m. Pool: Every Mon., 1-3 p.m. Painting Class: Every Tue., 1 p.m., $2 payable to the instructor. Quilting Class: Every Fri., 1 p.m. Crafts: Tue., 9 a.m., Dominoes: Wed. and Fri., 12:30 p.m. Cribbage: Wed., following lunch around 12:30 p.m. Depot Group: call center for information Pitch League: Every Tue., 12:30 p.m., thru Nov. 29. Zumba: Friday's 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., $5 per class payable to the instructor Kathy Bergeron until Feb 10. There is no class on Feb. 17 and then class will be the 1st and 3rd Friday of the month starting in March Line Dancing: Thursdays 1 p.m. cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. SHELBURNE FALLS Senior Center 7 Maine St., Shelburne Falls, 01370 413-625-2502 Hours: Open Mon.-Thurs., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. WELLNESS/SERVICES Blood Pressure Clinic: 4th Tuesday, 10 a.m., with nurse Lisa White Foot Clinic: 3 Mondays per month, please call for an appointment. Reflexology: Feb. 8,14,28, please call for an appointment. Shine: 1st Wed., 10 a.m.-3 p.m., free Medicare plan assistance, please call for an appointment. Caregiver Support Group: 1st Mon., 2 p.m., for people caring for a loved one with Alzheimers or other form of dementia. Call Leanne for information, respite available. Outreach Worker: Mon.-Thur., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., social worker available for information, referrals, assistance with heating, food and housing support. Call for an appointment or walk in. Home Repair Program: For Ashfield, Buckland and Shelburne seniors. Small home repairs done by volunteers. Home owner pays for the materials. Call Leanne with project or if interested in volunteering. Van Transportation For Residents of 9 West County Towns: Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-4 p.m., medical, shopping and senior center activities. Call Bob for reservations. Meals: Mon., Tues., and Thur. 11:30 a.m., provided by Lifepath, $2.50 donation. Special Luncheons, 11:30 a.m. Feb. 22: Pot Roast and music of Loretta Lynn SPECIAL EVENTS Feb/March: Tax Return Free Prep, Fridays, Liberty Tax for income eligible residents, call for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Aerobics: Tues. and Thur., 10 a.m. African Drumming: Mon., 1 p.m. Beginner Drawing Class: Tues. Bingo: Thur., 12:15-2 p.m. Bones and Balance: Wed., 10 a.m., Thur. in Ashfield., 9:30 am Cribbage Tournaments: Monthly, Feb. 8 Knitting: Thur. 10-11:30 a.m. Memoir Writing: most Fri., 10 a.m.-noon Tai Chi: Mon., 9:30 a.m. for beginners, 10 a.m., for intermediate, Wed., 9:30 a.m., in Ashfield, Thur., 10 a.m. Wii Bowling: Mon. and Tue., noon. Yoga: Wed. and Thur., 8:30 a.m. SOUTH COUNTY Senior Center 67 North Main St., South Deerfield, 01373-1012, 413-665-2141. Hours: Open Mon., Wed. and Fri., 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aging Gracefully: Free support group, every other Monday, 6:30-9 p.m. Seeking Meals on Wheels Drivers: Receive a small stipend and mileage reimbursement. Wish list: Coffee & tea, regular and decaffeinated, small paper plates, cups, crackers and assorted snacks for morning coffee time, and bark mulch for front of building.. HEALTH INFORMATION Flu Clinics: Town of Deerfield Nurses Office on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.; home visits are available, contact Lisa White at (413) 665-1400, ext. 114, for more info. Nurse: Available at Deerfield Town Hall Wednesdays, Nov. 23,10 a.m.-2 p.m., no appointment needed. LifePath Inc.: offers assistance through the Benefits Counseling program for income eligible seniors age 60 and up. Also they can help file applications for fuel assistance. Call 413-773-555or email info@LifePathMA.org. Community Health Care of Franklin County: offers medical and dental care to all ages regardless of insurance status or income. Located in Turners Falls, Orange and Greenfield, call 413-325-8500. SHINE: Call Bonnie, 413-773-5555, ext. 2287, to schedule an appointment. Free drug collection: Safely dispose of unwanted medications at the police station in Deerfield and Sunderland, no questions asked. Food Bank of Western Mass: There are area agencies that offer free hot meals and provide free groceries, call 1-800-247-9632 for info. Amherst Survival Center Free Health Clinic: Open Mondays, 12:30-1:30 p.m. and Thursdays 5-6 p.m. AEIOU Urgent Medical Care: Located at 170 University Drive, Amherst, (413) 461-3530 and 489 Bernardston Road, Greenfield, 413-773-1394. TRIAD: Assistive programs for seniors, call 413-774-4726. Franklin County Home Care: Offers assistance through Benefits Counseling Program and can help file applications for fuel assistance and find additional ways to save money, call 413-773-555 or email: info@fchcc.org; fchcc.org. New Veterans Agent Hours: Every third Wednesday from 12:30-2 p.m. No appointment necessary. Stroke Education: please call Sue if you have questions 413-665-9508. Foot Clinic: please call 413-665-9508 in advance for appointment. Seated Yoga: Thursdays from 10:45-11:45 a.m. with Marcia Gobeil. $8 walk in or $36 for six weeks. Call 413-665-2141 for more information. TRAVEL CLUB Farm Stand Fridays: 11-1 p.m., every Friday we have free vegetables available for seniors donated by Atlas Farm Stand. Movie: Monthly Tea Socials: Sewing Group: Knitting Circle: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon at the Sunderland Library. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Card games, 9 a.m.; exercise, 10 a.m.; water painting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Card games, 9 a.m; exercise, 10 a.m. Thursday: Seated yoga, 10:45 a.m., $8 walk-in or $36 for six weeks. Friday: Card games, 9 a.m.; bingo, 9:30 a.m.; balance in motion, 9:30 a.m.; healthy bones/balance exercise, 10:30 a.m.; social hour, 1 p.m. SOUTHAMPTON Council on Aging 210 College Highway, 413-529-2105. Hours: Mon.-Thurs., 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Comfort doll knitting, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Osteo exercise class, 9 a.m. Wednesday: TOPS (take off pounds sensibly), 10 a.m.; Bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Computer class, 10 a.m. Sign up in advance. WALES Senior Center 3 Hollow Road, 413-245-9683. Bingo: 3rd Tuesday of each month, 10 a.m., win prizes, make friends & have fun, $1 a board. Blood Pressure Clinic: Free, 3rd Thursday of each month, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Massage: 1st Tuesday of each month, 10 minutes, $5, appointment necessary, please call 413-245-9683. Foot Clinic: 1st Wednesday of each month, $30. Call for appointment, 413-245-9683. Monthly Birthday: Fourth Tuesday of each month, 12:30 p.m., cake and birthday recognition will be given out, feel free to join us for lunch prior to the party, sign up for lunch AND party no later than 2 days prior. Outreach Coordinator: Wednesdays and Thursdays by appointment, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., for fuel assistance and SNAP applications, etc. Trips: Call the Senior Center at 413-245-9683 for the latest information. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9:30 a.m., $2 donation; cribbage, 1-3 p.m.; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m.; SHINE councilor on staff for medical questions 1-3 p.m. by appt., (413) 245-9683. Tuesday: Lunch, noon, $3, must call the morning before to sign up, no exceptions, please; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday: Breakfast 2nd and 4th Wed., 7:45-9:45 a.m., $3, call for reservations; Food Pantry, 10 a.m. - noon; Chair Yoga, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; Pitch League, noon-3 p.m.; mini gym, noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday: Chair dancing, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; lunch, noon, $3; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. WARE Senior Center 1 Robbins Road, 413-967-9645. Contact: townofware.com, click on “departments,” then “council on aging”. Van Rides: Need a ride? Call 413-967-9645. Please give two days notice, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9 a.m., $4; scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; book club, last Monday of the month, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; yoga, 1 p.m., $5; Bingo 4:30- 8 p.m. Tuesday: Scat, 9 a.m.; osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; COA Board meeting, third Tuesday, 9:30 a.m.; chair massage, first and third Tuesday, 10 a.m.-noon, 30 minutes, $30, call for appointment; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m.; Writer's Club, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Foot nurse 8:30 a.m., every other month, call for appointment; tai chi, 9 a.m., $4.; Scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; birthday party, third Wednesday of the month, 11 a.m.; Walgreens blood pressure check/presentation, first Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.; Bingo,12:30 p.m.; blood drive, first Wednesday, 1-6 p.m. Thursday: Osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; line dancing, 10 a.m., $3; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Friday: Scat, 9 a.m.; lawn games, 9 a.m.; movie, 9:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Brown Bag program, second Friday, 11 a.m. WEST BROOKFIELD Senior Center 73 Central St. 508-867-1407. Clinics: Lipid panel and blood glucose screening, 12-hour fasting required, call 413-967-2488 for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. ham radio, 7 p.m. Wednesday: Brown Bag It, noon; Wii, 10 a.m.; Crafty Ladies, 1 p.m., blood pressure, 11 a.m.; Silvertones, 1 p.m; veterans agent, 1 p.m. Thursday: Tai chi, 8:30 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Friday: Wii, 10 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m. WILBRAHAM Senior Center 45 Post Office Park, 413-596-8379. Alzheimer's Support Group: Last Tuesday of each month, 2-3 p.m., in the Brooks Room of the Wilbraham Library. Book Club: Third Thursday of the month, 2:30 - 3:30 p.m.. COA Board: First Wednesday, 4 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS: Chair Massage: First Friday, $10 for 10 minutes, call to register. Blood Pressure Reading: Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-noon. Foot Care Nurses: available for home visits, $29, appointment needed. Reflexology: First and third Friday of each month, $10 for 15 minutes, call to make and appointment. Lunch: Monday, Tuesday, 11:45 a.m., reservations must be made the week prior. Quilting Club: Second and fourth Thursday, 1 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gentle walking, noon; pitch, 12:30 p.m.; rug making, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Around Town; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; aerobics, 10:40 a.m.; blood pressure readings, 11 a.m.; knitting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Walmart; tai chi, 9 a.m.; Gentle Exercise class, 10:15 a.m.; line dance, 1:40 p.m.; zumba, 2 p.m. Thursday: Stop & Shop; tap dance, 9:30 a.m.; jazz class, 10 a.m.; chair exercises, 10 a.m.; dominoes, 11:30 a.m.; support group, 1 p.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Friday: Men's Breakfast Club, 8:30 a.m.; SHINE, 9 a.m.; zumba gold, 10:30 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 1:40 p.m. Mail items to The Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01102-1329, fax to 413-788-1301 or email to pluspapers@repub.com MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Search for Community events Select a Start Date See All Events  » Submit Your Events  » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 24° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 24° F 11 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Heavy snow traps 5 Indian soldiers along Kashmir frontier Updated: 1 min ago SRINAGAR, India (AP) — The Indian army says five soldiers on patrol have been trapped under snow after a snowy track caved in along the high… UN says migrant resettlement programs benefit US Updated: 1 min ago BERLIN (AP) — Two United Nations agencies say long-standing U.S. support for resettlement programs has offered a double benefit, “first by r… US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians Updated: 1 min ago Ryan sidesteps Trump’s goal of health coverage for all Updated: 39 mins ago AP Top Political News at 3:18 a.m. EST Updated: 39 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 24° F Clear Feels Like: 17° F Wind: SSW 6 Humidity: 81% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 8:00 AM Sunset: 6:05 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 24° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 24° F Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters Associated Press Published: January 27, 2017, 2:29 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here’s a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. “HP Notebook Battery” and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam’s Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visitwww.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click “Recalls” at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 – 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on “CPSC Safety Recalls” for more information. FIELD AND BRUSH MOWERS DETAILS: This recall involves the Pro-XL-44 model of the DR brand tow-behind field and brush mower made by Country Home Products. The mowers are towed behind a riding mower or ATV to clear acres of thick grass and brush. The recalled mowers have an electric start 20 HP Briggs & Stratton engine and a serial number between TB21001001 – TB21002555. They are black and orange and have two blades and four wheels and are 44 inches wide. There is a large label below the machine’s fuel tank that with “DR Field and Brush Mower” printed on it and a round DR logo is in the right hand corner. The serial number is printed on the rear right corner of the frame near the engine control panel. They were sold through the Country Home Products catalog, website and authorized independent dealers nationwide from October 2015 through July 2016. WHY: The fuel tank valve can malfunction and cause the fuel tank to expand and gasoline liquid or vapors to be unexpectedly released, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: About 830. HOW MANY: 10 reports of fires, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer’s hand. FOR MORE: Call Country Home Products at 877-271-5677 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to tbmrecall@chp.com or visit www.DRPower.com and click on “Product Recalls” at the bottom of the page for more information. BEACH CHAIRS DETAILS: MYSINGSÖ beach chairs sold at IKEA from February 2013 through December 2016. The chairs are foldable with a wood base and an attached polyester fabric seat. The article numbers are on labels on the wooden frame and sewn into the fabric. They include: 902.280.08, 302.580.79, 502.851.66, 802.873.95, 002.931.40, 303.120.24, 503.120.23, and 003.120.25. WHY: The beach chairs can collapse, posing fall and fingertip amputation hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports worldwide of incidents, including 10 reports of injuries, six of which resulted in fingertip amputations. Three of the incidents, including one fingertip amputation injury, were reported in the U.S. HOW MANY: About 33,400. FOR MORE: Call IKEA at 888-966-4532 or visit www.ikea-usa.com and click on Press Room at the bottom of the page, then on Product Recalls at the top of the page for more information. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Riley doctors issue holiday warning to parents Things to know if you lose power Watch these things on your car during cold months Glopo recalls children’s scooters Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Latest News Thousands of bird deaths draw focus on brimming toxic pit Birds of Pray fly into local schools Officers arrest man after finding drugs during pursuit Terre Haute police investigate robbery First human-pig embryos made in transplant research “From Womb to Tomb,” local group joins nationwide march Fire crews fight blaze in Brazil Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 Terre Haute TV, LLC . All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
skip to main content Your News & Information Source Broadcasting live from the University of Nevada, Reno Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Arts and Culture Business and Economy Commentaries and Opinion Crime Education Energy and Environment Politics and Policy Public Health University of Nevada, Reno Programs Morning Edition The Diane Rehm Show Here and Now BBC News Hour Fresh Air Marketplace All Things Considered Science Friday Beyond the Headlines All Other Programs Holiday Programs Schedule Daily/Weekly Schedule Printable Schedule Community Calendar Ways to Support Sustaining Membership One-Time Gift Volunteer with Us Signal Circle Membership Levels & Benefits Planned Giving Business Support Vehicle Donation About KUNR KUNR Station Notes and Events Mission Statement Communities We Serve Staff Contact Us List of KUNR Business Supporters Connect with KUNR Career Opportunities Search Menu Home News Arts and Culture Business and Economy Commentaries and Opinion Crime Education Energy and Environment Politics and Policy Public Health University of Nevada, Reno Programs Morning Edition The Diane Rehm Show Here and Now BBC News Hour Fresh Air Marketplace All Things Considered Science Friday Beyond the Headlines All Other Programs Holiday Programs Schedule Daily/Weekly Schedule Printable Schedule Community Calendar Ways to Support Sustaining Membership One-Time Gift Volunteer with Us Signal Circle Membership Levels & Benefits Planned Giving Business Support Vehicle Donation About KUNR KUNR Station Notes and Events Mission Statement Communities We Serve Staff Contact Us List of KUNR Business Supporters Connect with KUNR Career Opportunities Search Hundreds Rally As School Choice Gains in Popularity By Paul Boger • 8 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email Students and supporters rally on the steps of the Capitol during National School Choice Week. Credit Paul Boger Education Savings Accounts have become an incredibly controversial topic in Nevada since lawmakers approved the voucher program in 2015. So far between 8,000 and 9,000 students have signed-up for the program despite a Nevada Supreme Court decision striking down the state's previous attempts to fund the ESA’s. Listen Listening... / 3:59 Hear the story here! Jumping, clapping and waving bright yellow scarves on the steps of the amphitheater at the State Capitol in Carson City, hundreds of children danced to the music of Justin Timberlake as part of a rally in support of Nation School Choice Week. Wednesday's rally was one of thousands nationwide. Held every January, it promotes the expansion of more educational options for children, whether it's charter schools, vouchers or home schooling. Pat Hickey is a former Assemblyman from Washoe County and now oversees the Charter School Association of Nevada. He says all parents deserve options. "It shouldn't just be that you can go to school where your neighborhood is. For example, if you live next to a Walmart, should that mean you only can shop at Walmart? How about if you want to go to Target or Macy's or Dillard's? Or maybe you get a discount coupon to go to Neiman Marcus like the ESA's are? Shouldn't you have that freedom and opportunity here in America? I think so." School choice has been growing in popularity in recent years. According to the state Department of Education, more than 47,000 children -- or roughly one-in-ten -- attend charter school in Nevada. And with promises to put nearly 60 Million dollars into the state's education savings accounts, many parents have begun looking into the program. Laquenta Luster of Reno sends her daughter to SNACS - Sierra Nevada Acadmey Charter School - in Reno. She says her daughter has flourished since enrolling. Laquenta Luster with her daughter at the Nevada School Choice Rally. Credit Paul Boger "She came home this semester with a 3.5. We've never seen that as long as she's been in school. So this has been an amazing journey for us." But despite her daughter's success, Luster says there is still some interest in the voucher program. "Actually, I did sign her up for one a couple of years ago and I didn't think it was important, but now that we know it's important we need it. It can take her anywhere she wants to go [and] I think it's a good idea to have one for every family." But not everyone is convinced that the plan will bolster the public education system. Reuben Murillo is with the Nevada State Education Association - the state's largest teacher union. He says vouchers will only hurt traditional public schools. "Any time you divert money away from public schools you end up leaving gaping holes in the budget, in schools resources. It could increase class size [and] diminish supplies necessary for those students who are not able to go to a private school." Other organizations have also voiced concern over ESAs. After Governor Brian Sandoval announced his intent to fund the savings accounts the upcoming legislative session, the ACLU of Nevada wrote in a statement that the money associated with the ESA's could possibly be sent to private schools that would discriminate on the basis of religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and disability. Last year, the state Supreme Court agreed taxpayer money could not be used to send children to religious schools and struck down the state's funding mechanism. But speaking to supporters at the rally Wednesday, Republican Senator Ben Kieckhefer of Reno says lawmakers should work to fully support the program. "It is my commitment to walk out of that building with universal school choice funded with the promises met that we made to families of this state, and that we achieve that objective so that all parents and families can make the choices that are best for their families." However, Democrats, who regained control of the legislature last November, say they will fight efforts to fund the savings accounts. Aaron Ford of Las Vegas is the Senate Majority Leader. "It is not fair to Nevada families to divert our limited resources toward private schools.  Any amount of money directed toward a voucher program will automatically result in less money being made to public schools. This session legislative Democrats will be focused on ensuring an adequately and equitably funded public school system." With enrollment rates in charter schools and the education savings accounts continuing to grow, the fight over school choice is far from over. Tags:  Nevada School choice education savings account Education legislature TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Nevada's High Court Scrutinizes School Choice Program By Julia Ritchey • Jul 29, 2016 Nevada Supreme Court The Nevada Supreme Court heard arguments today both for and against the state's sweeping school choice program.  The high court heard two challenges to Nevada's Education Savings Account program, or ESAs, passed by the Republican-controlled legislature last year. The ESAs are designed to give parents the state's per-pupil allocation, roughly $5,000, to pay for private school tuition and other qualified programs. At question in the first challenge is whether the state inappropriately diverted funds from public schools. Is Universal School Choice Leaving Low-Income Students Out? By Amy Westervelt • Sep 3, 2015 Alexa Ard Although some in the state legislature are selling Nevada’s new education savings account program as a benefit for low-income students, many Washoe County families don't see it as a realistic option for them. I wanted to see if parents and students at Reno's low-income public schools had heard of the ESA program, and what they thought of it. So I hit the streets just as school was letting out. “Have you heard about the Education Savings Account program in Nevada?” “No” “No, sorry me no.” “Have you heard about the Education Savings Account program?” Business Leaders Fear School Overcrowding Will Threaten Economic Growth By Anh Gray • Oct 20, 2016 Anh Gray   Note: This story orginally aired on May 24, 2016.   This November, Washoe County voters are being asked whether or not to approve a sales tax increase to pay for school capital improvements. School officials say the money will help alleviate overcrowded classrooms. For quite some time now, many area business leaders have been hammering the message that school overcrowding could hurt the region’s economic growth. About four hundred gathered this past spring to rally support for the measure. Reno Public Radio’s Anh Gray has this report.  KUNR is proudly supported by © 2017 KUNR Corporation For Public Broadcasting Required Information Financial Documents EEO Jobs
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login 5 tips for buying jewelry for Valentine’s Day By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO The Associated Press First Published Jan 27 2017 05:54PM    •    Last Updated Jan 27 2017 06:16 pm This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) This photo provided by Rocksbox shows a Rocksbox jewelry gift set. Rocksbox.com, a rental jewelry subscription service, allows shoppers to get three items per month based on their tastes, delivered to their doors. Rocksbox.com offers memberships of three months, six months and 12 months with a gift card that can be applied to a purchase. (Rocksbox via AP) Shopping » Make the experience less stressful by taking the time to understand your partner’s tastes and shopping at reputable jewelry stores. Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (3) New York • Shopping for jewelry for a loved one ahead of Valentine's Day can be stressful. But learning some tricks should help anyone have an easier time finding the perfect gift. That means understanding a partner's tastes, shopping at reputable jewelry stores and learning what the wording means in terms of how gemstones are graded. And there's plenty of opportunity to haggle for the best price. "It is a big time to buy jewelry," says Amanda Gizzi, a spokeswoman at the Jewelers of America, a trade association with more than 8,000 retail members. "There are some wonderful sales to be had. Look for the best pieces for your budget, but don't be dazzled by the discounts." VIDEOS TOP JOBS Above all, start researching with time to spare, figure out how much you want to spend, and shop to take advantage of post-holiday sales or limited-time Valentine's Day deals. The median price for a piece of jewelry is $350, excluding engagement rings and wedding bands, the trade group says. But there's a wide range of jewelry sellers from Target to Tiffany. At Wal-Mart's Sam's Club, which says its jewelry is priced at a 25 to 40 percent discount over other jewelry retailers, Valentine's deals run from Jan. 25 to the holiday. Macy's jewelry sale, which includes 60 percent off 14-carat and 18-carat gold jewelry, starts Jan. 29 and ends Feb. 9. "You really do need to shop early if you are budget-minded," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews.com, an online deal comparison site. Here are some tips: 1. Know your loved one's taste • Look at what your partner is wearing and what's in the jewelry box. If your special someone likes small earrings, don't get big hoops. And if that person is active, don't buy rings with high settings, says Gizzi. Among the trends this year: updated classics like hoop earrings with diamond chips, or layering rings or bracelets. If you plan to buy diamonds, see if there's a way — subtly! — to find out if your partner would rather sacrifice size over quality or vice versa. 2. Do research and learn the lingo • Check out sites like Jewelers of America and online retail sites like Blue Nile for help understanding key terms like what clarity means when you are talking about diamonds, or want to know more about how gemstones are graded. Bluenile.com, which has also begun opening in-person showrooms, offers tools to compare prices from 150,000 independently graded diamonds. 3. Take precautions against fraud • First, be cautious about a store always offering discounts of more than 50 percent. Consumers may find the discount price is actually the average retail price elsewhere, says the Jewelers of America. Buy from a trusted retailer. Ask friends for recommendations, or go to websites like the American Gem Society, which lets you search for reputable jewelry stores by ZIP code. As for diamonds, consumers should insist a stone be accompanied by an independent grading report from a respected lab like the Gemological Institute of America, says Josh Holland, Blue Nile's director of brand experience. Also, check out the return policy and find out whether you'd get your money back or would have to exchange an item for credit. And haggle — it's a common practice in the jewelry business, Glaser says. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 3 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Utah's Mia Love tears up at anti-abortion rally talking of her parents' choice for life ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Weekly recalls: Notebook batteries, scooters The Associated Press First Published Jan 27 2017 04:48PM    •    Last Updated Jan 27 2017 04:48 pm Single page Share This Article More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here's a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. "HP Notebook Battery" and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. VIDEOS TOP JOBS WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click "Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 - 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on "CPSC Safety Recalls" for more information. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Utah's Mia Love tears up at anti-abortion rally talking of her parents' choice for life ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Walmart Foundation donates grants for kids, veterans Friday Jan 27, 2017 at 4:39 PM Jan 27, 2017 at 8:51 PM Tamara Browning Staff Writer @tambrowningSJR A central Illinois nonprofit was among three organizations this week that received a total $280,000 in grants from the WALMART FOUNDATION. ILLINOIS COALITION FOR COMMUNITY SERVICES will use the $200,000 it got to support its BACKPACK BITES FOR KIDS program that provides weekend meals for 571 children each week from schools that include St. Patrick Catholic School in Springfield and Riverton Elementary School. The VETERANS FOUNDATION OF ILLINOIS received $50,000 for its veterans service program, and GOODWILL INDUSTRIES OF CENTRAL ILLINOIS got $30,000 to support its veterans employment program. The grants, part of a total $1.2 million donated to Illinois organizations in 2016, were made possible through the Walmart Foundation’s State Giving Program. “Backpack Bites for Kids … is a weekend meal program for kids. Most of them come from low-come families,” said MIKE CREWS, associate director for Illinois Coalition for Community Services. “Often, kids go hungry over the weekend when free or reduced-price lunches are not available to them.” Crews said Backpack Bites will likely surpass its goal of serving 100,000 meals for the 2016-17 school year. Kids typically receive nonperishable, individual food items such as granola bars, breakfast kits and microwavable macaroni and cheese to take home. “We’re proud of that and happy that we can do that because during the summer months and then during the weekends, that’s when food insecurity is most prevalent for kids here in Illinois and, really, throughout the country,” Crews said. “We’re thankful to the Walmart Foundation for their partnership.” St. Patrick School’s development director GRAINNE MAHONEY said the entire school of 54 students in prekindergarten through fifth grade participates in Backpack Bites. “They had the option of signing up for or not signing up for, and they all signed up for it,” Mahoney said. “The kids take (the food) home for the weekends, and it provides three solid meals for them over the weekend. …. The kids love it.” For more information about Walmart’s giving, visit foundation.walmart.com. -- Contact Tamara Browning: tamara.browning@sj-r.com, 788-1534, twitter.com/tambrowningSJR. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Discover: Subscribe More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe About Us Contact Subscribe Store Digital Edition Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Pet-food shoppers seek human-food attributes Jan 25, 2017 Clontz to succeed Fey as Kroger Mid-Atlantic president Jan 24, 2017 Vendors skeptical as Walmart changes sourcing roles Jan 24, 2017 Albertsons appoints Iyengar as digital marketing SVP Jan 24, 2017 Top 75: 7 to Watch in 2017 Jan 24, 2017 Featured Albertsons calls off Price Chopper pursuit, sources say Jan 25, 2017 NAMI mobile app offers guide for meat shoppers Jan 25, 2017 Kroger joins list of companies adding jobs Jan 23, 2017 Gallery: Dorothy Lane chefs use the freshest ingredients Jan 23, 2017 10 Items or Less brought to you by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Issues & Trends>The New Consumer How fewer cashiers can mean better service Also: Main & Vine turns 1; trade war scares Jon Springer | Jan 27, 2017 This post is part of the 10 Items or Less blog Wal-Mart Stores this week opened a new Supercenter near Orlando that became the second such store in the country to include the latest iteration of the retailer’s mobile “Scan & Go” feature allowing customers to shop – and pay – using only their phones. It’s an evolution for Walmart, not a revolu Register to view the full article test - Advanced Registered User Become a member for free Already a member? Log in. TAGS: Walmart Produce & Floral 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Rollin’ Grocer visits underserved communitiesJan 05, 2017 Disruptors 2016: Betsy Babcock, Handsome Brook FarmDec 06, 2016 Gallery: Loblaw’s 5 food trends for 2017Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Food wasteDec 06, 2016 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: SMG Stock Outlook: 5 Things Shareholders Should Watch in Q1 2017 Earnings Message: URL: http://mney.co/2kugdNx  +  9  =  11 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: SMG Stock Outlook: 5 Things Shareholders Should Watch in Q1 2017 Earnings Message: URL: http://mney.co/2kugdNx one  +  eight  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Stocks2 responses SMG Stock Outlook: 5 Things Shareholders Should Watch in Q1 2017 Earnings By Jack Delaney, Associate Editor, Money Morning • January 27, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website nine  −  8  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter SMG Stock Outlook: Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. (NYSE: SMG) will release its Q1 2017 earnings report before the opening bell on Tuesday, Jan. 31, 2017. This will be an important earnings report from Scotts, as the SMG stock price is currently underperforming compared to the broader market. The SMG stock is down 1.62% so far in 2017. In comparison, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 1.64%. So what will move the stock price after earnings? These are the five things shareholders will want to pay attention to in the Scotts Miracle-Gro Q1 earnings report… SMG Stock Catalyst No. 5: Revenue Scotts is a seasonal business, and most of its revenue is generated in Q2 and Q3. For example, Scotts reported $246 million in revenue for Q1 2016. But in Q2 2016 and Q3 2016, Scotts respectively reported $1.24 billion and $994 million in revenue. For Q1 2017, the company is expected to report $232.9 million in revenue. That would be a year-over-year (YOY) drop of 5.2%. But because of Scotts' seasonality, shareholders should remember to focus on the long-term results… According to FactSet, analysts expect Scotts to report YOY sales growth of 5.8% for the full-year 2017. In comparison, sales growth only climbed 2.9% for 2015, and it actually fell 2.9% in 2016. SMG Stock Catalyst No. 4: Earnings per Share The company is projected to report an earnings per share (EPS) loss of $1.25. The negative EPS is also because of Scotts' seasonal business. For example, EPS was -$1.13 in Q1 2016, but climbed to $3 per share in Q2 2016. Analysts expect the lawn care company to report an EPS figure of $3.21 in Q2 2017. That would be an increase of 7% from Q2 2016. The Roadmap to Marijuana Millions: This exclusive 90-page "Pot Investing Bible" is now being offered to Money Morning readers. Click here to learn how to get a copy absolutely free (supplies limited). For its 2017 calendar year, Scotts is projected to record an EPS figure of $4.36. That would be an increase of 12.66% from the $3.87 figure reported for 2016. SMG Stock Catalyst No. 3: Dividend Updates Currently, Scotts pays its shareholders a dividend of $0.50, which is a yield of 2.13%. The company generally raises its dividend each August. Here's a breakdown of the total dividend payouts since 2013: August 2013: $0.438 per share August 2014: $0.45 per share August 2015: $0.47 per share August 2016: $0.50 per share While Scotts is not expected to increase its dividend this quarter, shareholders should still pay attention to the earnings call on Jan. 31 for any news on dividend hikes for the future. SMG Stock Catalyst No. 2: Acquisitions Since 2014, Scotts has been acquiring companies to diversify and increase its revenue sources. Its acquisitions since July 2014 include the following companies in the table below. Shareholders will want to pay attention to updates on how these acquisitions are performing. Also, shareholders will want to watch for news on any new acquisition plans. SMG Stock Catalyst No. 1: Marijuana Investments Scotts is known for being a leader in lawn care and gardening since 1868. When the economy seemed to be flourishing in the early 2000s, mega retailers like Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) were expanding their locations. And because each store carries Scotts' products, Scotts' revenue climbed 80% between 2001 and 2009. But after the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009, Wal-Mart and Home Depot stopped expanding and shut down stores. That left Scotts' revenue stagnant. So in order to boost sales, CEO Jim Hagedorn made what some consider a controversial decision: He invested in the marijuana industry. In 2015, Hagedorn purchased two companies that specialize in soil and fertilizer for cannabis growers. In July 2016, he also invested a 75% stake in Gavita International, a hydroponics equipment company. And it appears Hagedorn's forward-thinking decision is paying off… As of December 2016, Scotts' hydroponics business generated roughly $250 million annually, according to Bloomberg. And that number will continue to climb as more states legalize medical and recreational marijuana… According to Money Morning Director of Tech & Venture Capital Research Michael A. Robinson, the value of the hydroponically grown plants market is skyrocketing. The global crop value of hydroponically grown plants is expected to climb from $17 billion in 2013 to $24 billion by 2018. That's a 41% increase in just five years. For Q1 2017, SMG shareholders will want to watch for any updates to Scotts' marijuana holdings, such as General Hydroponics and Gavita. Because of Scotts' diversified revenue sources, Robinson is bullish on SMG stock. In fact, he believes the SMG stock price could climb double digits in less than a year… SMG Stock Long-Term Outlook Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (2) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Stocks Randy Thompsen | January 27, 2017 SMG is trying to get into the MJ business, however as long time grower I know they have a steep hill to climb. No growers would use Mirical Grow because of chemicals in it. They have purchased an organic division and a hydro division and are trying to appeal to growers. But I don't see it happening. There are so many other good pot stocks. SMG isn't one of them. Reply Tommy Love | January 27, 2017 You should list eligible brokers to help the average person who wants to invest in the marijuana industry. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 5  +  six  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 8882 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 SMG 0.07 (0.07%) 94.03 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Malcolm X descendants charged in truck theft, dog abuse The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata Post to Facebook Malcolm X descendants charged in truck theft, dog abuse The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2kcaVss {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Malcolm X descendants charged in truck theft, dog abuse David Dishneau, Associated Press 4:53 p.m. ET Jan. 27, 2017 A booking photo provided by Charles County, Maryland, Sheriff’s Office shows Malikah Shabazz in La Plata, Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017. Shabazz, the daughter of Malcolm X, and her daughter Bettih Shabazz, are charged with stealing a rental truck that was carrying seven pit bulls in what police say were inhumane conditions. Malikah Shabazz is also charged with animal cruelty. (Photo: AP) A daughter and granddaughter of slain black nationalist Malcolm X have been charged with stealing a rental truck that was found in southern Maryland carrying seven pit bulls in what police described Friday as inhumane conditions. Malikah Saban Shabazz, 51, of Berlin, New Hampshire, and her daughter Bettih Bahiyah Shabazz, 19, of Stark, New Hampshire, were released in Charles County on Thursday after posting bond of $2,000 each, according to online court records. The records do not list defense attorneys, and calls to the women’s possible telephone numbers were either not answered or not returned. The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata by a deputy responding to a report that the U-Haul truck in which they were traveling had been reported stolen earlier that day to Vermont State Police, according to charging documents. The truck’s enclosed cargo area contained seven dogs, locked in crates and covered in their own waste, the documents state. One dog had injuries to its face, neck and eyes that required emergency care, the report said. The dogs were taken to an animal shelter, sheriff’s office spokeswoman Janelle Love said. Malikah Shabazz told investigators that she owns the dogs, according to charging documents. Both women are charged with stealing the truck, valued at $40,000. If convicted, each could face up to 20 years in prison and $20,000 in fines. Malikah Shabazz is also charged with seven misdemeanor counts of animal abuse or neglect, each punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $1,000 fine. The arrests were first reported by TMZ.com. Malikah Shabazz is one of six children of Malcolm X, born Malcolm Little, and Betty Shabazz. She was born seven months after her father was assassinated in February 1965 in New York City by three members of the Nation of Islam, which Malcolm X had left a year earlier. She pleaded guilty in 2011 to stealing the identity of a 70-year-old woman to obtain credit cards and make purchases totaling $55,000. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2kcaVss TOP VIDEOS DPD seeks help to identify suspect in malicious destruction at gas station 0:23 Detroit Department of Elections 'vindicated' 3:13 Man wrongly accused of fraud by Michigan speaks out 2:22 President's immigration policies criticized 4:16 Warren city council meeting 3:52 Family speaks out at drunk driver's sentencing 6:46 Suspects sought in robbery of assisted living facility in Detroit 0:20 Thunderbirds to fly over Selfridge this summer 1:15 Thousands of women march, dance in Detroit's 'Sister March' 2:09 Metro Detroit residents head to Women's March in Washington 1:48
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Malcolm X’s daughter and granddaughter had stolen rental car filled with abused pit bulls  Malcolm X’s daughter and granddaughter had stolen rental car THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017, 4:02 PM facebook Tweet email THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017, 4:02 PM A daughter and granddaughter of slain black nationalist Malcolm X have been charged with stealing a rental truck that was found in southern Maryland carrying seven pit bulls in what police described Friday as inhumane conditions. Malikah Saban Shabazz, 51, of Berlin, New Hampshire, and her daughter Bettih Bahiyah Shabazz, 19, of Stark, New Hampshire, were released in Charles County Thursday after posting bond of $2,000 each, according to online court records. The records do not list defense attorneys, and calls to the women's possible telephone numbers were either not answered or not returned. The court records do not list any upcoming court dates. The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata by an officer responding to a report that the U-Haul truck in which they were traveling had been reported stolen earlier that day to Vermont State Police, said Janelle Love, spokeswoman for the Charles County Sheriff's Office. Malcolm X's daughter praises Beyonce Super Bowl act This Jan. 26, 2017 booking photo shows Malikah Shabazz, left, the daughter of Malcolm X, and her daughter Bettih Shabazz, are charged with stealing a rental truck that was carrying seven pit bulls in what police say were inhumane conditions. (Charles County, Maryland, Sheriff's Office) Love said the truck contained seven dogs, some with injuries, housed in stacked crates. She said the dogs were taken to an animal shelter. Both women are charged with unlawfully taking a motor vehicle and theft in excess of $10,000. If convicted, each could face up to 20 years in prison and $20,000 in fines. Malikah is also charged with seven misdemeanor counts of animal abuse or neglect, each punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $1,000 fine. Malcolm X is shown addressing rally in Harlem, New York in this June 29, 1963 file photo. (AP) The arrests were first reported by TMZ.com. KING: On Tupac’s 45th Birthday, he had potential to be Malcolm X Malikah is one of six children of Malcolm X, born Malcolm Little, and Betty Shabazz. Malikah was born seven months after her father was assassinated in February 1965 in New York City by three members of the Nation of Islam, which Malcolm X had left a year earlier. Malikah pleaded guilty in 2011 to stealing the identity of a 70-year-old woman to obtain credit cards and make purchases totaling $55,000. Tags: maryland malcolm x animals animal cruelty Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Trending Now #MomsHonestPost #LizHurleyBikini #EmmettTillAccuser The Boldest Costumes From Miss Universe Subscribe Us Weekly Magazine Home News Videos Stylish Moms Entertainment Body More Home Videos Moms Entertainment Body Pets Met Gala Celebrity Directory Newsletter Photos Watch With Us Polls Country Oscars Emmys Red Carpet Daily Holidays With Us Royal Family Golden Globes Grammys SAG Awards Olympics Hollywood Moms Hot Pics Subscribe Best of 2016 VMAs #MomsHonestPost #LizHurleyBikini #EmmettTillAccuser Editor's Picks Mom’s Honest Facebook Post Proves That Appearances Can Be Deceiving Emmett Till’s Accuser Admits She Lied Lara Spencer Makes Out With Mystery Man During Best Date Ever: Pics Young Rob Kardashian Looks Exactly Like Dream! This Is Us' Milo Ventimiglia: Jack Makes This 'Adjustment' Before Dying Mischa Barton Released From Hospital, Says She Was Drugged Find Out Why Leelee Sobieski Left Hollywood Serena Williams Flashes New Engagement Ring Moms Mom’s Brutally Honest Post Proves That Things Aren’t Always What They Seem January 27, 2017 @ 4:35 PM  By  Rachel Paula Abrahamson With her shiny blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes, Cierra Fortner looks like the mom you envy at school drop off. But the 21-year-old from Kansas City, Missouri, wants you to know that appearances can be deceiving. “Today I was at Walmart doing my weekly Friday shopping when the cashier says to me, ‘I see you in here all the time, your kids are always dressed cute, behaving and you just seem to have it all together,” the mother of Jayce, 4, and Brenton, 10 months, began in her now viral Facebook post on January 20. “At the time I just thanked her and giggled because that’s far from the truth, but as I drove home there was more I wanted her to know about me.” Brett and Cierra Fortner with their sons, Brenton and Jayce Courtesy Fortner Family “I want her to know I battle a personality disorder every day with anxiety and depression mixed and I’m a two times suicide survivor,” Fortner wrote. “I want her to know that I can’t always get myself up off the couch to feed them anything more than frozen pizza and cereal.” PHOTOS: Just Like Us: Celebrity Moms The patient-care technician went on to reveal that her eldest is late for school “3 out of 4 days” a week and that she regularly has “I’m losing my s--t moments” where she locks herself in the bathroom and cries. “I want her to know that I hadn’t washed my hair in 3 days and my kids hadn’t had a bath in 2,” Fortner continued. “I want her to know that I was trying to hurry out of [Walmart] because I had forgot the diaper bag at home and Brenton was hungry.”  Cierra Fortner Courtesy Fortner Family But she signed off on a hopeful note. “But most importantly I want her to know I don’t have it together and may never have it all together. I don’t know a mother out there that has it all together but everything we do is done with love for our children,” wrote Fortner. “From one exhausted mom to another, you’re doing great, have that melt down, let your kids eat the crap out of that cereal and take care of yourself always.” PHOTOS: Viral Stars: 2016's Biggest Internet Celebrities Fortner’s honest message about motherhood has been shared 90,000 times. Brett and Cierra Fortner with their sons, Brenton and Jayce Courtesy Fortner Family “I wrote the post because I felt alone for a long time in my struggle with anxiety and depression, and I never want a mom to feel alone in her struggle,” she tells Us Weekly. “It’s OK to cry and break down, it’s OK to not always be OK. Celebrate the days you have it together and the days you don’t, because that’s another day day you made it in the baddest hood there is, motherhood.”  Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox! Add a Comment Sign Up for the Us Weekly Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. You will receive the latest news and updates on your favorite celebrities! Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Us Weekly 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us FAQ Sitemap
POLITICO Magazine Menu Our Latest Search Email Signup politico.com Google Plus Facebook Twitter Search Close Sign up for POLITICO Magazine's weekly email: The Friday Cover Email Sign Up Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print Getty Letter from Mexico Trump Backs Mexico into a Corner At some point, Mexicans may just decide to turn their backs on the United States. By John M. Ackerman January 27, 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter MEXICO CITY—On Barack Obama’s first visit to Mexico as president in 2009, thousands of people spontaneously swarmed onto Mexico City’s grand Reforma Avenue to see whether they could get a peek at the 44th president of the United States as he passed by. Despite a long history of conflict between the two countries, the Mexican people were highly optimistic about the future of binational relations and believed in Obama’s message of hope and renovation. In contrast, after the events of this past week, it will be difficult for Donald Trump to ever set foot on Mexican soil. Mexicans are a proud and dignified people and do not take well to being humiliated in public. Indeed, in response to the constant insults and lack of respect coming out of the new U.S. administration, Mexican citizen groups already have started to plan boycotts of Citibank, Walmart and other U.S. corporations. The newspapers and TV shows are full of biting commentary about Trump’s intolerant and aggressive behavior. At a rally a couple of weeks ago, one of the protesters even burned an American flag, something entirely unprecedented for more than a century in Mexico. Story Continued Below Trump is apparently confident that Mexico's weak and highly questioned president, Enrique Peña Nieto, will eventually cave into his demands. As I have argued elsewhere, Peña Nieto was instrumental in making Trump’s victory possible and generally shares the same pro-corporate worldview. Trump’s real Latin American double is not Hugo Chávez or Evo Morales, as some misguided commentators have suggested, but Peña Nieto. Peña Nieto's first actions since Trump´s election have been conciliatory—some might say servile. At the beginning of January, he appointed Luis Videgaray, an economist with no diplomatic experience but with ties to Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, as Mexico's new secretary of foreign relations. And the day before Trump´s inauguration, Peña Nieto sent over Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán to the United States as a demonstration of his willingness to collaborate with the new administration. But Trump has underestimated the response of the Mexican people. Even before Jan. 20, Mexico was already a tinderbox. The drastic reduction of international oil prices along with the collapse in the value of the Mexican peso—50 percent since Peña Nieto took power in 2012—has led to a serious fiscal crisis along with a jump in inflation. The government has responded with the highly questionable strategy of squeezing consumers through new taxes on gasoline and hiking the prices on public utilities, such as electricity. This was the straw that broke the camel’s back. On Jan. 1, the day the new gas and electricity prices came into effect, tens of thousands of angry citizens took to the streets throughout the country. Since then there have been marches and protests almost every day. Just about every city, small, medium or large, has participated in the mobilizations and the protests have quickly morphed from being about gas and electricity prices to a broader set of demands. Mexicans blame Peña Nieto’s privatizing oil reforms for the weakness of Mexican oil production and thereby the increase in oil prices. Corruption scandals have drawn close to the president’s inner circle, including former governors Humberto Moreira and Javier Duarte, fueling further outrage. Recent polls place his approval rating at 12 percent, the lowest for any Mexican president in modern history. Mexicans are demanding a full overhaul of the entire political system. This is the context that explains Peña Nieto’s surprising cancellation of next Tuesday's meeting with Trump in the White House. In other circumstances, Peña Nieto would have been willing to subject himself to Trump's abuse and even explore different options for Mexico making a contribution to the border wall. After all, in his frequent meetings with Obama, Peña Nieto never uttered a forceful word or gave any sign of standing up to Washington. Only after Trump and his team embarrassed him and threatened to slap tariffs on Mexican goods has he shown any hint of a backbone. The two leaders spoke again on Friday, and issued face-saving statements on the need to “work together to stop drug cartels, drug trafficking and illegal guns and arms sales” while agreeing to disagree on who would pay for Trump’s wall. “Both presidents have instructed their teams to continue the dialogue to strengthen this important strategic and economic relationship in a constructive way,” the White House readout said. But it’s other politicians, such as left-wing presidential hopeful Andrés Manuel López Obrador, who have best expressed the feeling on the streets. López Obrador has called on Peña Nieto to formally bring charges against Trump to the United Nations for human rights violations and has announced a tour to the United States to construct a binational “citizen front” against xenophobia. The greatest beneficiary of Peña Nieto’s humiliation will indeed be the left—and not just in Mexico. In the midst of the Twitter exchange between Peña Nieto and Trump, in which the U.S. president wrote, “Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!”, Bolivian President Evo Morales reached out to the Mexican people: “I make a call to our Mexican brothers to look more to the south; to build unity together on the basis of our Latin American and Caribbean identity.” As of noon on Friday, Morales’ tweet has been retweeted 10 times more than any other tweet in the Bolivian president’s entire timeline. Many have noted that the Mexican economy relies heavily on exports to the United States Some 16 percent of U.S. exports go to Mexico, while 80 percent of Mexico’s go to the United States. So it would seem Peña Nieto has little recourse but to accede to Trump’s demands. The Friday Cover Trump’s Yuge Week One By Michael Grunwald FOURTH ESTATE Trump the Bully By Jack Shafer SOAPBOX Trump’s Bad Voter Fraud Math By Chris Ashby Consider, however, that the Mexican economy is the 15th largest in the world, with an annual GDP of $1 trillion, and is the second-largest market for U.S. goods. And Mexico has the means to retaliate for any Trump punishments. Dean Baker, for instance, an economist at the D.C.-based think tank Center for Economic and Policy Research, has proposed that Mexico simply refuse to enforce U.S. patents and copyrights on its soil, for instance in the area of pharmaceuticals or technology. Expensive drugs and software could immediately be provided at bargain-basement prices—generating incredible savings for Mexicans and significantly cutting into the profits of major U.S. corporations. That, of course, would probably mean leaving the North America Free Trade Agreement, the trade pact that Trump has vowed to renegotiate. Even stalwart neoliberal supporters of NAFTA among Mexico’s political class have begun to argue that it wouldn’t be so bad to simply walk away from it. Last Tuesday, Mexico’s economy minister Ildefonso Guajardo made this threat official, telling a television interviewer: “If we go for something that is less than what we have, well, then there is no sense in staying.” Trump’s attitude has led to a transformation of Mexico’s medium and long term economic calculations. Although a withdrawal from NAFTA would create short-term pain, it would also create the opportunity for Mexico to finally delink itself from its excessive dependency on the U.S. economy and consolidate its alliances with other Latin American countries as well as with Europe and Asia. Ironically, Trump’s attack on Mexico may be just what Mexicans need to wake up and smell the coffee. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter John M. Ackerman is professor at the Institute for Legal Research of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), editor-in-chief of The Mexican Law Review and a columnist at both Proceso magazine and La Jornada newspaper. Contact: www.johnackerman.blogspot.com Twitter: @JohnMAckerman. This story tagged under: White House Immigration Latin America Mexico Barack Obama Foreign Policy Donald Trump Border Enrique Pena Nieto U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Letter from Mexico Donald Trump Presidency Show Comments More from POLITICO Magazine Letter From the Arab World America, You Look Like an Arab Country Right Now By Karl Sharro The Friday Cover The Government Secrets Trump Is About to Discover By Garrett M. Graff The Big Idea Trump’s Lies vs. Your Brain By Maria Konnikova Most Popular The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Melania Trump wins round in libel suit over blogger's 'escort' claims Trump’s Yuge Week One March for Life in the Trump era: A collection of photos from the day Anti-abortion marchers celebrate a new era under Trump More on Magazine Our Latest Weekly Newsletter Print Archive Web Archive About Us Write for Us FAQ POLITICO Magazine Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business Shoes.com Chairman and Co-founder Roger Hardy. (Darryl Dyck For The Globe and Mail) Shoes.com Chairman and Co-founder Roger Hardy. (Darryl Dyck For The Globe and Mail) Vancouver's Shoes.com shuts down operations Add to ... Sean Silcoff The Globe and Mail Published Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 4:37PM EST Last updated Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 6:05PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Vancouver e-commerce company Shoes.com Technologies Inc. shut down operations effective Friday, and will work with its lenders to liquidate its assets and assign some of its companies to bankruptcy. The company took its websites offline and said it had closed its two stores in Vancouver and Toronto. It’s an abrupt end for a company that was once touted as an IPO hopeful, as chairman and CEO Roger Hardy hoped to repeat the success of his previous e-commerce company – online eye wear merchant Coastal Contacts – which he sold in 2014 to Essilor International for $430-million. Shoes.com had previously said it brought in more than $200-million in revenue two years ago and had hopes to reach $1-billion by 2020. Mr. Hardy did not return messages Friday. Shoes.com’s forerunner started in 2012 as Shoeme.ca, when former Coastal employee Sean Clark started an online shoe merchant after Zappos pulled out of the Canadian market. Mr. Hardy was an early investor and became CEO shortly after selling Coastal. Part of his strategy was to consolidate the online shoe market, and he raised tens of millions of dollars to fund acquisitions across North America, including rights to the shoes.com website from U.S. footwear retailer Brown Shoe Co. But earlier this month rival online shoe maker Shoebuy.com sold to Wal-Mart for $70-million (U.S.). Combined with the fact market leader Zappos was already owned by e-commerce behemoth Amazon.com Inc., Shoes.com faced a much tougher competitive environment. By then the Vancouver company was already struggling. A story in the Vancouver Sun last fall revealed the company was plagued by customer service issues and peppered by legal claims from unpaid suppliers.  New president Brad Wilson, a former GM with Expedia Inc.’s Travelocity unit, was hired last summer to turn the company around, saying at the time he had “jumped in, feet first” to the opportunity. Through the course of last year the company laid off two-thirds of staff and outsourced some work. “There are a number of things that we’re doing that are pretty consistent when a new president or CEO comes in and looks at the business and establishes a path forward,” Mr, Wilson told BIV two months ago. As of Friday, Mr. Wilson’s LinkedIn profile made no mention of his tenure at Shoes.com. Shoes.com’s demise is the latest in a string of e-commerce disappointments, as companies including Canada’s Shop.ca and Beyond the Rack and U.S. retailers One Kings Lane and Hayneedle either filed for creditor protection or sold for a fraction of their former value. At the same time, many other e-commerce merchants continue to thrive, as evidenced by the strong growth of Ottawa-based online retail management platform Shopify.com and last year’s sale by upstart Dollar Shave Club to Unilever for $1-billion. E-commerce sales are expected to expand well ahead of overall retail sales in Canada and internationally through the end of this decade, according to eMarketer. Doug Stephens, founder of consultancy Retail Prophet, said the company suffered from having too few managers from the fashion industry and too many from the technology sector. And customer service “wasn’t where it needed to be to give online customers the level of confidence necessary – especially in such a tricky category ...” “It seems a matter of biting off way more than they could chew through a spate of acquisitions,” Mr. Stephens said. “Despite all the appearances of growth, market awareness was still quite low.” As well, Amazon.com Inc. “has been a juggernaut both in terms of its penetration into the Canadian market and in the North American apparel market generally. I think investors are recognizing that competing head to head against Amazon online is practically foolhardy at this point, unless you’re tremendously specialized.” David Ian Gray of retail consultancy DIG360 also said the company was lacking executives with retail experience. “Shoppers want shoes that look good and fit well with minimal fuss,” Mr. Gray said. “The price can lure them in but getting two left shoes in a box or limited call-centre access – fail.” Mr. Gray said e-commerce operators have a tough time running profitable businesses. “Many early investors are so eager to exit there is little incentive to build a complete model for the long term.” Suthamie Poologasingham, director of marketing and research at consultancy J.C. William Group, noted that giant shoe specialist Zappos.com tried and failed in Canada, where companies have trouble achieving economies of scale because of the relatively small population. “They would have needed to have a unique offering and/or sell internationally as well.” And companies that have both e-commerce and bricks-and-mortar stores as an “omni-channel” operation have an edge, she said. Retailers such as Aldo with multiple stores and an online presence have found a better formula, she said. With files from Marina Strauss Report Typo/Error Follow Sean Silcoff on Twitter: @SeanSilcoff   More Related to this Story Canada Goose said to plan dual-listing IPO as soon as February Retail malaise puts pressure on U.S. chains to shutter more stores Wear high heels or go home – U.K. report finds sexist dress codes rife Topics Coastal Contacts Essilor International SA Travelocity Brad Wilson Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success Life Five reasons to never do crunches again ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees News Rona Ambrose calls Liberal cash-for-access law a 'smokescreen' Life Video: The secret life of New York's pet pigs Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business How five companies broke out from the pack Globe Investor Reasons why you should not bank on an inheritance More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Jan. 28: Your daily horoscope NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ Elephant Man, Midnight Express actor John Hurt dead at 77 Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year How does Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister spend his working holiday in Costa Rica? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
CTTechJunkie The Directory About Advertise Archive Contact Join the Club! Email blasts! Try one here Search: Go Social Networks We Use Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Connecticut Network Tweets by @CTNetworkTV Categories Aging Agriculture Analysis Arts Pop culture Business Social Enterprises Startups Campaign Finance Cartoons Child Welfare Civil Liberties Congress 1st CD 2nd CD 3rd CD 4th CD 5th CD Foreign Policy International Trade Consumer Protection Corporate Watch Courts CT Watchdog CT Tech Junkie Economic Development Workforce Development The Economy Energy Sector Technology sector Leisure & Hospital Sector Manufacturing Sector Retail Sector Financial Sector Trade, Transportation, Utilities Sector Education Election 2006 Election 2008 Election 2010 Election 2011 Election 2012 Election 2013 Election 2014 Election 2015 Election 2016 DNC 2016 RNC 2016 Election 2018 Election Fact Check Election Policy Energy Environment Equality Ethics Fashion Federal Budget FOIA Sunshine Week Gaming Town News Ansonia Ashford Avon Bethany Bethel Bethlehem Bloomfield Branford Bridgeport Bristol Brookfield Canaan Brooklyn Canton Collinsville Colchester Cromwell Cheshire Danbury Darien Derby Durham East Haddam East Hampton East Hartford East Haven East Lyme East Windsor Essex Enfield Falls River Falls Village Fairfield Farmington Goshen Glastonbury Granby Greenwich Griswold Groton Mystic Guilford Haddam Hamden Hartland Hartford Convention Center Killingly Kent Killingworth Litchfield Lyme Madison Manchester Mansfield-Storrs Marlborough Middlebury Meriden Middlefield Middletown Milford Naugatuck New Hartford New Canaan New Britain New Haven New London New Milford New Preston Newington Newtown North Branford North Canaan East Canaan North Haven News North Stonington Norwalk Norwich Old Lyme Old Saybrook Oxford Plainville Plainfield Pomfret Portland Plymouth Prospect Ridgefield Rocky Hill Salisbury Sharon Shelton Sherman Simsbury Somers South Windsor Southbury Southington Stafford Stamford Stonington Stratford Suffield Thomaston Tolland Torrington Trumbull Vernon Wallingford Warren Waterbury Waterford Watertown West Hartford West Haven Westbrook Westport Wethersfield Willington Wilton Windham Windsor Windsor Locks Winsted Wolcott Woodbridge Health Care Mental Health Care Immigration Insurance Housing Jobs Juvenile Justice Iraq at Home Law Enforcement Labor Legal Privacy Local Politics Manufacturing LocalOnlineNews.TV Media Matters Member Drive Military Spending Morning Coffee & Politics Friday Night Fix! Opinion Editorial Board Health Care Opinion Letter to the Editor Member Opinion Millennial Voices Review Sponsored Opinion Obituary Nonprofits Podcast Photos Poetry Poll Public Health Poverty Public Safety Quasi-Public Religion Reprinted with permission from the Center for Public Integrity Social Security Smoke Shop Investigation Aresimowicz Audio Evidence Cafero Donovan Evidence Video Evidence Sponsored Event Live Broadcast Sports State Budget Criminal Justice Education Cost Sharing Special Session Pensions Taxes State Capitol Transparency Transportation Aviation BDL Brainard DMV Rail Tribes Veterans Affairs Wall Street Weather White House Youth Journalism RSS Feed Subscribe to CT News Junkie’s feed Our Partners Lawmakers Push For $15 An Hour Minimum Wage, While Fast Food Workers Hit The Street by Kristi Allen | Jan 27, 2017 5:30am () Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment Posted to: Business, The Economy, Leisure & Hospital Sector, Retail Sector, Equality, Labor, Hartford Log in username password Forgot your password? Auto-login on future visits submit Kristi Allen / ctnewsjunkie Fast food workers hit the street in Hartford HARTFORD, CT — Fast food employees rallied in Hartford against President Donald Trump’s nominee for labor secretary, while lawmakers met at the state Capitol to push for a $15 minimum wage in the new legislative session. “Enacting a $15 minimum wage will pay dividends for over 300,000 workers in our state, who will put their money right back into our communities and our small businesses,” Rep. James Albis, D-East Haven, said. The Labor and Public Employees Committee voted to draft legislation that would increase the minimum wage to $15 an hour by 2022. Connecticut last passed a minimum wage increase in 2014. The base wage was raised to $10.10 on Jan. 1 of this year. It was the last increase included in that bill. Lawmakers argued that $10.10 still isn’t enough to get by in Connecticut and putting more money in the hands of workers could benefit the local economy. “Big corporations are ripping off workers and they’re ripping off taxpayers. Low wages in Connecticut keep profits high, and then those dollars get sent to corporations and shareholders outside of our state,” Working Families Party State Director Lindsay Farrell said. For several years, Democratic lawmakers have also proposed legislation that would fine big companies with more than 500 workers for not paying their employees $15 an hour. The nonpartisan Office of Fiscal Analysis has estimated that the legislation, dubbed “The Walmart Bill,” will bring in $305.1 million annually. Lawmakers have said they could offset the amount of state assistance, such as Medicaid and food stamps, that are paid to those same workers. “The more money you put in real people’s pockets, the more money is going to get spent. It doesn’t get shipped overseas. It doesn’t buy expensive pieces of art. It buys what people need every single day,” Connecticut AFL-CIO President Lori Pelletier said. And while Democrats said raising the minimum wage isn’t a partisan issue, Republican lawmakers and a small business organization disagreed that the law could help the economy. “Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour is at best a short-term response to a long-term problem,” Senate Republican President Len Fasano said in as statement. “At worst, raising the minimum wage would accelerate the loss of jobs and result in an increase in costs for middle and working class families.” Andrew Markowski, director of the Connecticut chapter of the National Federation of Independent Business, said “Small businesses in Connecticut simply cannot afford a government mandated $15-an-hour minimum wage, and neither can our state’s economy as a whole.” Unlike in 2014, when the last minimum wage increase was adopted, Democrats no longer have a majority in both chambers of the legislature. A small margin in the House and a tied Senate could make passage difficult, but Democratic lawmakers maintained their optimism. Kristi Allen / ctnewsjunkie Lawmakers line up in support of a minimum wage hike “The proposal that James has put together is not everything the advocates want,” Sen. Mae Flexer, D-Killingly, said. “This is a slow roll out. The full $15 isn’t achieved until 2022, so hopefully that will be a compromise that will lead to the bipartisan support that we’ve seen in the past for the minimum wage in Connecticut.” Rep. Bob Godfrey, D-Danbury, noted that the the minimum wage would be closer to $20 if it had kept pace with inflation since the 1980s. “Fifteen dollars an hour is a modest request in terms of what a living wage is in Connecticut and what a minimum wage would be if it kept pace with inflation,” Albis said. Demonstrators at the rally outside the Department of Labor offices in Hartford were in agreement that a $15 minimum wage would help them. “My priorities are just trying to raise my family and take care of my children,” Yvonne Rodriguez, a Dunkin Donuts employee and mother of four, said. “A $15 minimum wage would make a hell of a difference to my family ... We put in the work. Acknowledge us for our work. That’s all,” she said. Along with a dozen or so other fast food employees and supporters, Rodriquez was protesting Labor Secretary nominee Andy Puzder. The demonstration was one of 30 organized across the country by the Fight for $15 group, which advocates for an increase in the minimum wage and a union for fast food employees. Puzder, who is CEO of CKE, the parent company of Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurants, has faced criticism over his opposition to raising the minimum wage and support for automation replacing workers in his stores. According to the research from the University of California at Berkeley, 52 percent of the families of fast food workers rely on government assistance, totaling about $7 billion in government spending per year. “We do deserve higher wages. We can’t afford the things we need. Parents can’t afford childcare. I don’t have health insurance anymore ... a $15 minimum wage would change a lot of things,” Burger King employee Richard Grimes said. Demonstrators Thursday overwhelmingly felt a Trump labor department would be friendly to workers. “The whole attitude of a Puzder department would be to put pressure on workers through their employers to reduce wages and prevent an improvement in the standard of living,” Windsor Town Councilman Al Simon, who had shown up to support the demonstrators, said. “What America needs is higher incomes for average people.” Tags: minimum wage, fast food workers, James Albis, Andrew Markowski, Len Fasano, Mae Flexer, Lori Pelletier, Lindsay Farrell, dh Share this story with others. Share | | Post a comment You must have a facebook account and be logged in to facebook (log in above) to comment. Before commenting, please read our Comment Policy. Rules of Conduct for Commenting We moderate all comments before they are posted on the site and, where possible, on our social network pages. This takes time and therefore you may have to wait. Thank you for your patience. -Commenters are welcome to express opinions in a civil manner. -Be nice. Avoid personal attacks or name calling of any kind. Don't comment here to antagonize other people. -Comments should be directly related to the topic of the story. If you must criticize, your comments should be cogent to the topic of the story and should add something new to the discussion. If it's obvious that you're simply engaging in a pattern of mean-spirited attacks from one story to the next, we will stop approving your comments. If we suspect that you are a paid commenter attempting to further a political agenda, your comments will be deleted. -We will not publish allegations of criminal, unethical, or other extreme personal wrongdoing based on facts that haven’t been published in articles. -Keep it clean. Avoid profane, obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist, or sexually-oriented language or your comments will be deleted. Discriminatory comments of any kind will be deleted. -Be truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. -Do not attempt to hijack a comment thread to link with ads for your personal business or invective aimed at a person or a group against whom you have a personal vendetta. We will delete them. -Do not copy the contents of someone else's work and attempt to publish it here - that is plagiarism. Write your own sentence summing up the other author's point and link back to their original work. -Be proactive. If we mistakenly approve a comment that is offensive, let us know and include a link to the comment in question. It takes considerable time to read and approve your comments, and that takes us away from the job of covering the news. If you are spending a lot of time commenting here or simply reading the site on a regular basis, consider supporting our work. As always, thank you for visiting with us! Comments Sponsored Messages Connecticut Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by © 2005–2017 CTNewsJunkie – All Rights Reserved | powered by ExpressionEngine | site development: smartpill design | Staff Login
Movies Baby Groot Leads The Team In New Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 Promo Art Don't Expect A New Look At Wonder Woman Or Justice League During This Year's Super Bowl James Cameron Isn't Happy With The Current Direction Of The Alien Franchise Alien Star John Hurt Dies At 77 Stranger Things Breakout Star Millie Bobby Brown Joins Godzilla: King Of The Monsters View All News Movie Reviews Resident Evil: The Final Chapter Review T2 Trainspotting Review An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth To Power Review [Sundance 2017] Gaming Upcoming Destiny Patch To Introduce Some Much-Needed Weapon Changes Uncharted 4, Overwatch And Doom Among Nominees For SXSW 2017 Gaming Awards Dead Rising 4's Upcoming Free DLC Includes Street Fighter Costumes, New Difficulty Modes Overwatch Now Has Over 25 Million Registered Players Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare Double XP Event Kicks Off Later Today View All News Gaming Reviews Memoranda Review Resident Evil 7 Review Saban's Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: Mega Battle Review TV Luke Cage And Jessica Jones Are Finally Reunited In Latest Defenders Set Photos Netflix's Love Season 2 Teaser Promises An Eventful Return New The Punisher Set Photos Find Frank Castle Paying His Respects First Images From FX's Feud Get Feisty Matt Nix Says New X-Men TV Series Is More Intimate View All News TV Reviews Powerless Season 1 Review Legion Season 1 Review Riverdale Season 1 Review Comic Books The Battle Rages On In Inhumans Vs. X-Men Trailer Marvel Recognized By YALSA As Having Some Of The Best Reads For Young Adults The Mayhem Continues In Monsters Unleashed #2 Terry McGinnis Gets New Costume In Batman Beyond #4 Dan DiDio Discusses The Kamandi Challenge In New Video View All News Comic Book Reviews Totally Awesome Hulk #15 Review Star Wars #27 Review Justice League Of America: Killer Frost Rebirth #1 Review Reviews Memoranda Review Resident Evil: The Final Chapter Review T2 Trainspotting Review An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth To Power Review [Sundance 2017] Powerless Season 1 Review View All Reviews I Am Michael Review Totally Awesome Hulk #15 Review Star Wars #27 Review Justice League Of America: Killer Frost Rebirth #1 Review Featured 7 Movies We're Absolutely Dreading This Year 10 Scene-Stealing Supporting Characters In Superhero Movies DC TV Roundup: Jerome Rises And Legends Stumble Nintendo’s Shallow EA Relationship Is A Bad Omen 8 Reasons Why Mute Could Be The Sci-Fi Film Of The Year View All Features 8 Reasons Why The DC Extended Universe Deserves Another Chance In Defense Of: TRON: Legacy (2010) Use The Force: Ranking The Films In The Star Wars Cinematic Universe 10 Comic Book Movies That Deserve Another Chance Food About Write For Us   Subscribe to our newsletter Comments x Home / movies Expect A New Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Trailer Very Soon By Will Ashton 11 hours ago 0 x If Disney knows one thing, it’s how to bombard audiences with advertisements. If you ever see one of their movies in the theater, even at a screening, expect to get a sea of promotional materials before the film starts. If you ever walk into Target, Wal-Mart, Toys R Us or any store of that variety, expect to see Frozen and Marvel toys until your eyes bleed. Yes, Disney isn’t necessarily one for underselling their products in the marketing department, and that’s likely going to be the same for this year’s Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales when it swims its way into theaters. While we’ve already seen one eerie trailer for the blockbuster, Disney seems to be gearing up to release another one now. Consumer Protection BC reports that a second Dead Man Tell No Tale preview has officially been rated. It’s 90 seconds long and it’s expected to drop in early February. An exact date hasn’t been revealed, but the Super Bowl seems like a very good bet. Disney usually incorporates at least one trailer during the biggest football game of the year, and while one would assume that Cars 3 will make it in there as well, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man Tell No Tale is an understandable choice. Set to premiere in May, the marketing for the fourth Pirates of the Caribbean sequel is noticeably kinda shy so far, so it’d definitely help to get that next trailer out there in a big way. Like they did with The Jungle Book last year, however, it’s possible that the 90-second trailer will be an online only release, with a shortened version of the promo hitting the air. As we all know, air time doesn’t come cheap during the Super Bowl, and even Disney knows when to save money. Tell us, are you looking forward to Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man Tell No Tale, or have you had enough of the series? If it’s the latter, we wouldn’t blame you. Either way though, let us know down below. Source: Screen Rant Tags: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales 0 MORE NEWS FROM THE WEB Promoted Content TRENDING Articles Topics Videos Resident Evil 7 Review Legion Season 1 Review Marvel Confirms “Multi-Game Partnership” With Square Enix, Starting With The Avengers Project The Walking Dead the Defenders Transformers: The Last Knight Wonder Woman Justice League Nintendo Switch Logan Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Final Logan Trailer Prepares To Bring The Curtain Down On Wolverine’s Saga New Power Rangers Trailer Lightens Up The Mood Exclusive Video Interview: Milla Jovovich Talks Resident Evil: The Final Chapter All Posts Read More Gaming Memoranda Review January 28, 2017 Read More Movies Baby Groot Leads The Team In New Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 Promo Art January 27, 2017 Read More TV Luke Cage And Jessica Jones Are Finally Reunited In Latest Defenders Set Photos January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Don’t Expect A New Look At Wonder Woman Or Justice League During This Year’s Super Bowl January 27, 2017 Read More Movies James Cameron Isn’t Happy With The Current Direction Of The Alien Franchise January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Alien Star John Hurt Dies At 77 January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Stranger Things Breakout Star Millie Bobby Brown Joins Godzilla: King Of The Monsters January 27, 2017 Read More TV Netflix’s Love Season 2 Teaser Promises An Eventful Return January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Resident Evil: The Final Chapter Review January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Ewen Bremner Reveals New Wonder Woman Details January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Scott Derrickson Says Marvel Is Too Busy For Doctor Strange 2 Right Now January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Zack Snyder Reveals New Look At Wonder Woman In Justice League January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Nicolas Cage Joins Heist Drama 211 January 27, 2017 Read More Movies Expect A New Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Trailer Very Soon January 27, 2017 Read More Movies John Wick: Chapter 2 Images Continue To Promise Bloody Mayhem January 27, 2017 Loading more posts... No more posts. From the web TRENDING Articles Topics Videos Resident Evil 7 Review Legion Season 1 Review Marvel Confirms “Multi-Game Partnership” With Square Enix, Starting With The Avengers Project The Walking Dead the Defenders Transformers: The Last Knight Wonder Woman Justice League Nintendo Switch Logan Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Final Logan Trailer Prepares To Bring The Curtain Down On Wolverine’s Saga New Power Rangers Trailer Lightens Up The Mood Exclusive Video Interview: Milla Jovovich Talks Resident Evil: The Final Chapter Trending Resident Evil 7 Review Legion Season 1 Review Dave Bautista Thinks Every Current MCU Character Is In Avengers: Infinity War
Close Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 59° Overcast Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Prior incident raised in Yzaguirre trial Before the Sept. 14 undercover operation that eventually led to the arrest of Cameron County Tax Assessor-Collector Tony Yzaguirre, there was one prior incident that caught the Texas Department of Public Safety off guard. Posted: January 27 rss Texas News AP FACT CHECK: Trump cites man's dubious voter fraud claims Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Nadal vs Federer: Dream final becomes reality in Australia AP New! MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — As Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal won match after match at the Australian Open, making their unlikely way through opposite sides of the draw, tennis fans couldn't help but look ahead. Posted: January 28 Sports, Australian Open Tennis Championships, Men's Sports More From The Latest Los Fresnos takes a pair of district games from Hanna Harden scores 51 to lead Rockets past Embiid, 76ers The NHL 100: Hockey's greatest players honored in centennial Brownsville Veterans Swimming Dominates 32-5A Meet Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Friday, January 27, 2017 1:14 pm Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters Associated Press | More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here's a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. "HP Notebook Battery" and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click "Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 - 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on "CPSC Safety Recalls" for more information. FIELD AND BRUSH MOWERS DETAILS: This recall involves the Pro-XL-44 model of the DR brand tow-behind field and brush mower made by Country Home Products. The mowers are towed behind a riding mower or ATV to clear acres of thick grass and brush. The recalled mowers have an electric start 20 HP Briggs & Stratton engine and a serial number between TB21001001 - TB21002555. They are black and orange and have two blades and four wheels and are 44 inches wide. There is a large label below the machine's fuel tank that with "DR Field and Brush Mower" printed on it and a round DR logo is in the right hand corner. The serial number is printed on the rear right corner of the frame near the engine control panel. They were sold through the Country Home Products catalog, website and authorized independent dealers nationwide from October 2015 through July 2016. WHY: The fuel tank valve can malfunction and cause the fuel tank to expand and gasoline liquid or vapors to be unexpectedly released, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: About 830. HOW MANY: 10 reports of fires, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer's hand. FOR MORE: Call Country Home Products at 877-271-5677 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to tbmrecall@chp.com or visit www.DRPower.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. BEACH CHAIRS DETAILS: MYSINGSÖ beach chairs sold at IKEA from February 2013 through December 2016. The chairs are foldable with a wood base and an attached polyester fabric seat. The article numbers are on labels on the wooden frame and sewn into the fabric. They include: 902.280.08, 302.580.79, 502.851.66, 802.873.95, 002.931.40, 303.120.24, 503.120.23, and 003.120.25. WHY: The beach chairs can collapse, posing fall and fingertip amputation hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports worldwide of incidents, including 10 reports of injuries, six of which resulted in fingertip amputations. Three of the incidents, including one fingertip amputation injury, were reported in the U.S. HOW MANY: About 33,400. FOR MORE: Call IKEA at 888-966-4532 or visit www.ikea-usa.com and click on Press Room at the bottom of the page, then on Product Recalls at the top of the page for more information. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists More about Lifestyle US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians ARTICLE: US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians Nadal vs Federer: Dream final becomes reality in Australia Marta Kostyuk wins Australian Open junior girls title ARTICLE: Stevie Wonder, Tom Petty, Maroon 5 to headline Jazz Fest More about Personal Finance Hawaii bill would classify homelessness as medical condition Hawaii bill would classify homelessness as medical condition ARTICLE: Hawaii bill would classify homelessness as medical condition Fillon says he would withdraw French candidacy if charged Discuss Print Posted in Business on Friday, January 27, 2017 1:14 pm. | Tags: Business, Lifestyle, Personal Finance, Product Recalls, Product Safety, Products And Services, Corporate News, Laptop Computers, Personal Computers, Computer Hardware, Consumer Electronics, Technology Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Warehouse for Rent Storage Only 1211 E. Pecan Rear, McAllen Updated: January 22 HARLINGEN Office/Warehouse 1800 sq ft. space for rent. Office build Updated: Yesterday PORT ISABEL VACATION/ FISHING RETREAT $89,900 posted: January 27 More Homes Cars FOR SALE: 2005 Ford Mustang GT, Exc. Cond., 8 Cyl. posted: January 16 2014 Chevy Camaro 2LT RS 45K Miles $20,995 plus T.T.&L. $20,995 posted: January 27 Scooter Tryke 2010 Honda 110 Scooter w/ tryke kit, Very $1,700 Updated: Yesterday More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump’s Mexico Tax Would Hammer Firms in $580 Billion Market by Matthew Townsend @matt_townsend More stories by Matthew Townsend January 27, 2017, 2:49 PM EST January 27, 2017, 4:13 PM EST The tendrils of trade reach every corner of life in the U.S. America sells parts to Mexico that return as finished goods U.S. Stands to Suffer in Border War With Mexico When White House press secretary Sean Spicer floated the idea of paying for a border wall with a 20 percent tax on Mexican imports, beer went flat. Shares of Victor, New York-based Constellation Brands Inc. began falling Thursday: The company generates about 70 percent of its profit from importing Mexican brands like Corona and Modelo, and investors feared it would get hammered by the new tax. Constellation is far from alone in facing a reckoning if taxes or tariffs are imposed. U.S. companies that would suffer range from automakers like General Motors Co. to retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Kroger Co. and even medical-device producers like Medtronic Plc. Hostilities between President Donald Trump and his counterpart, Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico, could derail $584 billion in trade between the border nations. The relationship has made supply chains densely interconnected. American-made materials and parts make up 40 percent of the products Mexico exports to the U.S. Meanwhile, Mexico is America’s second-largest export market and third-largest supplier of imported goods. “Because the economies are so far integrated, the industries that would be impacted are extremely broad,” said Caitlin Webber, a trade analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. “It’s hard to think of a U.S. sector that wouldn’t be touched if there was a full-scale trade war with Mexico. It would really wreak havoc on the economy.” Tax Balloon The Mexican president scrapped his trip to Washington after Trump said he’d follow through on pledges to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement and charge Mexico to build a border wall. Spicer then responded by saying the U.S. could impose a 20 percent tax on all Mexican imports -- a notion he later said was just one idea to finance the wall. Separately, congressional Republicans have been pushing a tax on all U.S. imports as part of their efforts at rewriting the corporate code. Trump could likely impose a temporary tariff on his own authority, but would need Congress to impose what is known as an adjustable border tax on imported goods, according to Webber. Mexico would undoubtedly retaliate with its own tariffs and could revoke Nafta benefits for U.S. exporters, she said. Mexican Weekend An estimated one-third of goods imported from Mexico last year were sold at U.S. retailers, according to the Trade Partnership consulting firm in Washington. The pain of a trade war would spread to many facets of American life. Imagine sitting in a deck chair on the patio you built over the weekend, drinking a nice margarita. You’re wearing Bermuda shorts. Mexico helped at every turn: Home Depot Inc., which sells pavers and landscaping gear, has sourcing operations in Mexico, and in 2015, the U.S. imported $10.7 billion in furniture. The price of your tequila would likely be higher. From 2010 to 2015, consumption of the spirit rose 30 percent by volume in the U.S., more than any other alcohol category except cognac, according to Euromonitor International. That spurred the world’s largest distillers, Diageo and Pernod Ricard, to increase investment in Mexico. Those fashionable shorts? The nation in 2015 imported $3.7 billion worth of apparel and accessories from Mexico. But the relationship goes much further than this. Mexican imports also include oil, cars and lots of medical equipment. Medtronic alone has almost 1 million square feet of manufacturing space in the country for making products to treat cardiovascular disease. Spokesman Fernando Vivanco said the company was monitoring the dispute. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Trump has said America’s southern neighbor has taken advantage by not addressing trade deficits and border security, and sending undocumented immigrants who commit crimes and dilute the labor markets. Only a physical barrier -- paid for by Mexico -- can solve the problem, he has said. But U.S. shoppers would ultimately foot the bill for the wall, according to the National Retail Federation, an industry lobbying group. Won’t Pay? “The notion that Mexico is going to pay for this is wrong,” said David French, a senior vice president for the group. “This is going to be paid for by American consumers. A tariff is a just a tax on consumers. Americans are already paying billions of dollars in tariffs, and this is just going to result in one more price increase.” Retailers’ exposure to increased import taxes is now being considered by investors, said Mike Balkin, an investor in small-cap stocks at William Blair Investment Management LLC. “There are so many things companies are trying to deal with, and it’s just one more,” Balkin said. “It’s bad news,” said Trevor Stirling, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein. “It’ll slow down growth.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters     By The Associated Press January 27, 2017     More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here's a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. "HP Notebook Battery" and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click "Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 - 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on "CPSC Safety Recalls" for more information. FIELD AND BRUSH MOWERS DETAILS: This recall involves the Pro-XL-44 model of the DR brand tow-behind field and brush mower made by Country Home Products. The mowers are towed behind a riding mower or ATV to clear acres of thick grass and brush. The recalled mowers have an electric start 20 HP Briggs & Stratton engine and a serial number between TB21001001 - TB21002555. They are black and orange and have two blades and four wheels and are 44 inches wide. There is a large label below the machine's fuel tank that with "DR Field and Brush Mower" printed on it and a round DR logo is in the right hand corner. The serial number is printed on the rear right corner of the frame near the engine control panel. They were sold through the Country Home Products catalogue, website and authorized independent dealers nationwide from October 2015 through July 2016. WHY: The fuel tank valve can malfunction and cause the fuel tank to expand and gasoline liquid or vapours to be unexpectedly released, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: About 830. HOW MANY: 10 reports of fires, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer's hand. FOR MORE: Call Country Home Products at 877-271-5677 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to tbmrecall@chp.com or visit www.DRPower.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. BEACH CHAIRS DETAILS: MYSINGSÖ beach chairs sold at IKEA from February 2013 through December 2016. The chairs are foldable with a wood base and an attached polyester fabric seat. The article numbers are on labels on the wooden frame and sewn into the fabric. They include: 902.280.08, 302.580.79, 502.851.66, 802.873.95, 002.931.40, 303.120.24, 503.120.23, and 003.120.25. WHY: The beach chairs can collapse, posing fall and fingertip amputation hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports worldwide of incidents, including 10 reports of injuries, six of which resulted in fingertip amputations. Three of the incidents, including one fingertip amputation injury, were reported in the U.S. HOW MANY: About 33,400. FOR MORE: Call IKEA at 888-966-4532 or visit www.ikea-usa.com and click on Press Room at the bottom of the page, then on Product Recalls at the top of the page for more information.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business Home Products International Inc. Inter IKEA Systems BV         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   BizVibe Textile and Apparel News: Growth of E-commerce to Continue Indefinitely The Better Software Company Solves Missing Piece to the Franchising Puzzle; Exhibits at the International Franchise Association’s 2017 Convention Global Point-of-Care Testing (POCT) Market Trends and Forecast to 2024: Market is Expected to Reach USD 38.2 Billion by 2024, at a CAGR of 9.5% - Research and Markets           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Photos: Polar Bear Plunge 2017 News Nation/World 2 Malcolm X descendants charged in truck theft, dog abuse DAVID DISHNEAUAssociated Press A daughter and granddaughter of slain black nationalist Malcolm X have been charged with stealing a rental truck that was found in southern Maryland carrying seven pit bulls in what police described Friday as inhumane conditions. Malikah Saban Shabazz, 51, of Berlin, New Hampshire, and her daughter Bettih Bahiyah Shabazz, 19, of Stark, New Hampshire, were released in Charles County on Thursday after posting bond of $2,000 each, according to online court records. The records do not list defense attorneys, and calls to the women's possible telephone numbers were either not answered or not returned. The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata by a deputy responding to a report that the U-Haul truck in which they were traveling had been reported stolen earlier that day to Vermont State Police, according to charging documents. The truck's enclosed cargo area contained seven dogs, locked in crates and covered in their own waste, the documents state. One dog had injuries to its face, neck and eyes that required emergency care, the report said. The dogs were taken to an animal shelter, sheriff's office spokeswoman Janelle Love said. Malikah Shabazz told investigators that she owns the dogs, according to charging documents. Both women are charged with stealing the truck, valued at $40,000. If convicted, each could face up to 20 years in prison and $20,000 in fines. Malikah Shabazz is also charged with seven misdemeanor counts of animal abuse or neglect, each punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $1,000 fine. The arrests were first reported by TMZ.com. Malikah Shabazz is one of six children of Malcolm X, born Malcolm Little, and Betty Shabazz. She was born seven months after her father was assassinated in February 1965 in New York City by three members of the Nation of Islam, which Malcolm X had left a year earlier. She pleaded guilty in 2011 to stealing the identity of a 70-year-old woman to obtain credit cards and make purchases totaling $55,000. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Theft Malcolm X Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 35°
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Malcolm X’s daughter and granddaughter had stolen rental car filled with abused pit bulls  Malcolm X’s daughter and granddaughter had stolen rental car THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017, 4:02 PM facebook Tweet email THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017, 4:02 PM A daughter and granddaughter of slain black nationalist Malcolm X have been charged with stealing a rental truck that was found in southern Maryland carrying seven pit bulls in what police described Friday as inhumane conditions. Malikah Saban Shabazz, 51, of Berlin, New Hampshire, and her daughter Bettih Bahiyah Shabazz, 19, of Stark, New Hampshire, were released in Charles County Thursday after posting bond of $2,000 each, according to online court records. The records do not list defense attorneys, and calls to the women's possible telephone numbers were either not answered or not returned. The court records do not list any upcoming court dates. The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata by an officer responding to a report that the U-Haul truck in which they were traveling had been reported stolen earlier that day to Vermont State Police, said Janelle Love, spokeswoman for the Charles County Sheriff's Office. Malcolm X's daughter praises Beyonce Super Bowl act This Jan. 26, 2017 booking photo shows Malikah Shabazz, left, the daughter of Malcolm X, and her daughter Bettih Shabazz, are charged with stealing a rental truck that was carrying seven pit bulls in what police say were inhumane conditions. (Charles County, Maryland, Sheriff's Office) Love said the truck contained seven dogs, some with injuries, housed in stacked crates. She said the dogs were taken to an animal shelter. Both women are charged with unlawfully taking a motor vehicle and theft in excess of $10,000. If convicted, each could face up to 20 years in prison and $20,000 in fines. Malikah is also charged with seven misdemeanor counts of animal abuse or neglect, each punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $1,000 fine. Malcolm X is shown addressing rally in Harlem, New York in this June 29, 1963 file photo. (AP) The arrests were first reported by TMZ.com. KING: On Tupac’s 45th Birthday, he had potential to be Malcolm X Malikah is one of six children of Malcolm X, born Malcolm Little, and Betty Shabazz. Malikah was born seven months after her father was assassinated in February 1965 in New York City by three members of the Nation of Islam, which Malcolm X had left a year earlier. Malikah pleaded guilty in 2011 to stealing the identity of a 70-year-old woman to obtain credit cards and make purchases totaling $55,000. Tags: maryland malcolm x animals animal cruelty Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters Posted: Friday, January 27, 2017 2:22 PM EST Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017 2:22 PM EST NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:42 AM EST2017-01-28 08:42:56 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:12 AM EST2017-01-28 08:12:55 GMT President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore >> President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore >> Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 2:42 AM EST2017-01-28 07:42:57 GMT The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore >> The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore >> In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 1:32 AM EST2017-01-28 06:32:53 GMT Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight...More >> Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight years of Democrat Barack Obama's policiesMore >> Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 12:12 AM EST2017-01-28 05:12:57 GMT A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S....More >> A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S. borders to more refugeesMore >> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    By The Associated Press More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here's a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. "HP Notebook Battery" and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click "Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 - 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on "CPSC Safety Recalls" for more information. FIELD AND BRUSH MOWERS DETAILS: This recall involves the Pro-XL-44 model of the DR brand tow-behind field and brush mower made by Country Home Products. The mowers are towed behind a riding mower or ATV to clear acres of thick grass and brush. The recalled mowers have an electric start 20 HP Briggs & Stratton engine and a serial number between TB21001001 - TB21002555. They are black and orange and have two blades and four wheels and are 44 inches wide. There is a large label below the machine's fuel tank that with "DR Field and Brush Mower" printed on it and a round DR logo is in the right hand corner. The serial number is printed on the rear right corner of the frame near the engine control panel. They were sold through the Country Home Products catalog, website and authorized independent dealers nationwide from October 2015 through July 2016. WHY: The fuel tank valve can malfunction and cause the fuel tank to expand and gasoline liquid or vapors to be unexpectedly released, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: About 830. HOW MANY: 10 reports of fires, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer's hand. FOR MORE: Call Country Home Products at 877-271-5677 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to tbmrecall@chp.com or visit www.DRPower.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. BEACH CHAIRS DETAILS: MYSINGSÖ beach chairs sold at IKEA from February 2013 through December 2016. The chairs are foldable with a wood base and an attached polyester fabric seat. The article numbers are on labels on the wooden frame and sewn into the fabric. They include: 902.280.08, 302.580.79, 502.851.66, 802.873.95, 002.931.40, 303.120.24, 503.120.23, and 003.120.25. WHY: The beach chairs can collapse, posing fall and fingertip amputation hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports worldwide of incidents, including 10 reports of injuries, six of which resulted in fingertip amputations. Three of the incidents, including one fingertip amputation injury, were reported in the U.S. HOW MANY: About 33,400. FOR MORE: Call IKEA at 888-966-4532 or visit www.ikea-usa.com and click on Press Room at the bottom of the page, then on Product Recalls at the top of the page for more information. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Great Wolf Lodge launches water park and family resort in Colorado Springs Early morning fire heavily damages historic Old Colorado City park's band shell Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Doherty alum Jeremy Kimball lands spot on UFC card Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight There are Girl Scout cookies we'll always love - and then there are the other ones Colorado mountain man carves niche measuring snow Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man' and Harry Potter films, dies Must See Must Do: Toss a fruitcake, head to girls night out and listen to war music this weekend Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Protesters want to legally drive on Colorado roads The Gazettes Jen Mulson talks with KKTV about this weeks go. Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Great Wolf Lodge launches water park and family resort in Colorado Springs Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 5:48 PM 0 Mayor John Suthers was in Pittsburgh a few months ago at a municipal officials conference when attendees saw his "Colorado Springs" name tag and volunteered... Lindsey Vonn avoids more serious injury in downhill training crash Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 12:42 PM 0 CORTINA D'AMPEZZO, Italy — Lindsey Vonn avoided more serious injury when she fell and crashed into the safety netting during a World Cup downhill training session Friday.... Lindsey Vonn claims 77th World Cup win, now nine behind all-time record News: Local News Colorado Springs schools, police on alert after two attempted kidnappings Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 5:02 PM Two attempted abductions of teens in the last week have law enforcement and areas schools on alert. "It's not common for us to even have an attempted... Early morning fire heavily damages historic Old Colorado City park's band shell Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 7:43 PM 0 The historic band shell in Old Colorado City's Bancroft Park, a popular spot for summer... Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at Colorado Springs apartments Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 6:41 PM A woman fought off an intruder who forced his way into her south Colorado Springs apartment... Latest Local Convicted a second time for stabbing wife, admitted meth addict sentenced to 68 years By: Rachel Riley - 4 hr ago CEO David Dahlin's role to be terminated at Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center By: Jen Mulson - 4 hr ago Recently-arrested man allegedly hits officer while being booked into jail By: Ellie Mulder - 4 hr ago Shut out of appointments, undocumented immigrants march in Colorado Springs for driver's licenses By: Ellie Mulder and Jakob Rodgers The Gazette - Fri, Jan 27, 2017 A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY) By: Jonathan Merritt, RNS - 7 hr ago 35 St. Mary's High School students take part in anti-abortion march in D.C. By: Matt Steiner - 7 hr ago Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group By: Billie Stanton Anleu - 7 hr ago Top Stories John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man' and Harry Potter films, dies By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago Mexicans begin to unite in fight against Trump's plans By: The Associated Press 4 hr ago Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists By: JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent - 8 hr ago First human-pig embryos made, then destroyed By: Susan Scutti, CNN - 9 hr ago Ex-N.C. State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead at age 50 By: The Associated Press - 10 hr ago Sweet tooth leads Bryce VanHorn to Colorado College hockey By: Joe Paisley - 11 hr ago Must See Must Do: Toss a fruitcake, head to girls night out and listen to war music this weekend By: Linda Navarro - 12 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries Air Academy 37 - Discovery Canyon 34 AFA 3 Army 1 15 festivals coming to the Colorado Springs area in 2017 Fandemonium Liberty vs. Doherty girls basketball Doherty vs. Liberty girls basketball Sand Creek and Vista Ridge Boys Basketball Fandemonium Vista Ridge and Sand Creek Basketball Mary Tyler Moore through the years Fandemonium Sierra 65, Mesa Ridge 64 A Look Back National School Choice Week rally Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Colorado Springs Women's March Women's March fills downtown Denver Women's Marches descend on Washington, D.C. and around the world Inauguration of Donald Trump 9 best places for margaritas around Colorado Springs Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT A Look Back Martin Luther King Jr. Day celebrations around Colorado Springs Peak Performers 2016-17 St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 4 hr ago Convicted a second time for stabbing wife, admitted meth addict sentenced to 68 years 4 hr ago CEO David Dahlin's role to be terminated at Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center 4 hr ago Recently-arrested man allegedly hits officer while being booked into jail Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Shut out of appointments, undocumented immigrants march in Colorado Springs for driver's licenses 7 hr ago A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY) 7 hr ago 35 St. Mary's High School students take part in anti-abortion march in D.C. 7 hr ago Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group Most Read Fire at Colorado Springs park leaves outdoor stage badly damaged Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico Protesters, Breitbart editor have their say as UCCS plays host to free speech San Diego Coroner: CorePower Yoga founder's death ruled accidental Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs The Doomsday Clock just advanced: It’s now just 2 ½ half minutes to ‘midnight.’ Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group CEO David Dahlin's role to be terminated at Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man' and Harry Potter films, dies Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Sports 2 hr ago Air Academy relies on defense in girls basketball win Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Air Force hockey defends first place against visiting rival Army Fri, Jan 27, 2017 North Dakota blows past CC hockey in final minutes 3 hr ago Friday's prep roundup: Lewis-Palmer gets big boys' basketball conference win 4 hr ago Rapid Reaction: Colorado College crumbles late, falls short of first home win 4 hr ago Doherty alum Jeremy Kimball lands spot on UFC card 4 hr ago 'Cowboy' Cerrone ready to rumble in UFC co-main event Business 1 min ago House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations 9 min ago US no longer has geography as defense, ally in cybercombat 6 hr ago California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup 7 hr ago Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs 7 hr ago Feds: Arrests in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows 9 hr ago Ryan sidesteps Trump's goal of health coverage for all Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Nevada aerospace contractor plans maintenance hangar at Colorado Springs Airport Opinion 19 hr ago EDITORIAL: Tariff means Americans pay for the wall 19 hr ago LETTERS: Hard to just get on board; Trump voters are the people too Thu, Jan 26, 2017 EDITORIAL: Why? Trump ignites ridiculous conflicts Thu, Jan 26, 2017 LETTERS: No more Good Times car show; great photo collection Thu, Jan 26, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Celebrating School Choice Wed, Jan 25, 2017 LETTERS: Success in our schools; let it go, move on Wed, Jan 25, 2017 EDITORIAL: Trump's executive orders should get economy growing Around the Web 8 hr ago Businessman attacked Muslim airline worker, said Trump "will get rid of all of you" 9 hr ago First human-pig embryos made, then destroyed 10 hr ago Ex-N.C. State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead at age 50 12 hr ago Missing panda is probably still on zoo grounds 14 hr ago 50 years ago, three astronauts died in the Apollo 1 fire 18 hr ago Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru 19 hr ago Horse left behind in Wyoming wilderness survives for 6 weeks Latest Videos Protesters want to legally drive on Colorado roads The Gazettes Jen Mulson talks with KKTV about this weeks go. Great Wolf Lodge Colorado Springs is a howling good time! Pikes Peak region forecast Milo supporters and protesters separated by Colorado Springs Police AP Analysis: Building Trump's Wall Iconic television star Mary Tyler Moore has died Colorado Springs chosen to host start of Colorado Classic WH: Trump Voter Fraud Claims Based on 'Evidence' Gov. Jerry Brown Hits Trump in Annual Address Must See Must Do Weekend Fun List for Colorado Springs Colorado Politics: New president, new help for Colorado roads? Sports Latest Sports Air Academy relies on defense in girls basketball win2 hr ago Air Force hockey defends first place against visiting rival ArmyFri, Jan 27, 2017 North Dakota blows past CC hockey in final minutesFri, Jan 27, 2017 Friday's prep roundup: Lewis-Palmer gets big boys' basketball conference win3 hr ago Broncos Video shows Broncos' Aqib Talib after June 2016 shooting in DallasThu, Jan 26, 2017 Cab driver praises John Elway, then learns he's driving himTue, Jan 24, 2017 John Elway, Tony Romo photographed together, only adding to QB rumorsTue, Jan 24, 2017 Broncos hire Toub's assistant to coach special teamsMon, Jan 23, 2017 Photo Galleries Air Academy 37 - Discovery Canyon 34 AFA 3 Army 1 Fandemonium Liberty vs. Doherty girls basketball Doherty vs. Liberty girls basketball Sand Creek and Vista Ridge Boys Basketball Fandemonium Vista Ridge and Sand Creek Basketball Fandemonium Sierra 65, Mesa Ridge 64 Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT Peak Performers 2016-17 St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Tariff means Americans pay for the wall19 hr ago EDITORIAL: Why? Trump ignites ridiculous conflictsThu, Jan 26, 2017 EDITORIAL: Trump's executive orders should get economy growingWed, Jan 25, 2017 EDITORIAL: Let tourists pay for tourism assetsTue, Jan 24, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Hard to just get on board; Trump voters are the people too19 hr ago LETTERS: Release all the test results; an all-powerful agencyThu, Jan 26, 2017 LETTERS: No more Good Times car show; great photo collectionThu, Jan 26, 2017 LETTERS: Success in our schools; let it go, move onWed, Jan 25, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Celebrating School ChoiceThu, Jan 26, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: The state of Colorado agricultureMon, Jan 23, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: School choice expands educational freedom and opportunitySun, Jan 22, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: A chance to improve American educationSat, Jan 21, 2017 Local News Local News Convicted a second time for stabbing wife, admitted meth addict sentenced to 68 years4 hr ago CEO David Dahlin's role to be terminated at Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center4 hr ago Recently-arrested man allegedly hits officer while being booked into jail4 hr ago Shut out of appointments, undocumented immigrants march in Colorado Springs for driver's licensesFri, Jan 27, 2017 Local and State Politics Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group7 hr ago Commentary: After Gold King spill, EPA didn't communicate enough, now ordered to not communicate at all12 hr ago Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban12 hr ago VA says new Denver hospital to be exempt from hiring freeze12 hr ago Local Business Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs12 hr ago Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico14 hr ago Monument roofing contractor faces theft charge amid reports of nearly $100,000 in lost deposits, paymentsThu, Jan 26, 2017 Closing the gap: Colorado Springs Olympic Museum now $6.5 million short of funding goalWed, Jan 25, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Britain's May due in Turkey for talks with Erdogan48 min ago Trump's immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say4 hr ago Mexicans begin to unite in fight against Trump's plans4 hr ago Israelis seek to comfort Holocaust's loneliest survivors8 hr ago Military VA says new Denver hospital to be exempt from hiring freeze12 hr ago US no longer has geography as defense, ally in cybercombat9 min ago Pentagon orders cost reviews of F-35 fighter, Air Force One13 hr ago Draft executive order shows how Trump wants to grow the U.S. military significantly16 hr ago Blogs Rapid Reaction: Colorado College crumbles late, falls short of first home win4 hr ago ‘Stranger Things’ cast members coming to Denver Comic Con13 hr ago TV Talk - New MTV reality series is ‘Survivor’ with a twistThu, Jan 26, 2017 Air Force AD’s son commits to Falcons hockeyThu, Jan 26, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Police: Parents face possible child abuse charges after two kids found in car outside bar7 hr ago Fountain police warn of man posing as utility worker7 hr ago Road rage incident with gun briefly locks down two schools11 hr ago Ex-Fort Carson soldier admits to killing man in botched robbery12 hr ago National Crime Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru18 hr ago Authorities link 5 killings from 1980s to dead inmateThu, Jan 26, 2017 Florida woman accused of throwing tampon at police officerThu, Jan 26, 2017 Woman nearly carjacked after stopping for dummy in roadWed, Jan 25, 2017 Life Life When you make your own granola, it can be exactly what you want it to be16 hr ago There are Girl Scout cookies we'll always love - and then there are the other ones19 hr ago Colorado Springs area volunteer opportunities starting Jan. 27, 2017Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Colorado Springs area religious events starting Jan. 29, 2017Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Arts and Entertainment CEO David Dahlin's role to be terminated at Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center4 hr ago John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man' and Harry Potter films, dies4 hr ago Fire at Colorado Springs park leaves outdoor stage badly damaged6 hr ago Pikes Pick: Pop-up event features craft beer and artisan cheeses and chocolates7 hr ago Religion A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY)7 hr ago March for Life buoyant over Trump’s anti-abortion promises7 hr ago Trump statement on Holocaust remembrance does not mention Jews7 hr ago Trump signs executive order to keep ‘Islamic terrorists’ out of US7 hr ago National National Politics Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks9 hr ago Commentary: After Gold King spill, EPA didn't communicate enough, now ordered to not communicate at all12 hr ago Report: President Trump called park official to dispute crowd photos13 hr ago Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico14 hr ago National Business House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations1 min ago US no longer has geography as defense, ally in cybercombat9 min ago California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup6 hr ago Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs7 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Malcolm X’s daughter and granddaughter had stolen rental car filled with abused pit bulls  Malcolm X’s daughter and granddaughter had stolen rental car THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017, 4:02 PM facebook Tweet email THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017, 4:02 PM A daughter and granddaughter of slain black nationalist Malcolm X have been charged with stealing a rental truck that was found in southern Maryland carrying seven pit bulls in what police described Friday as inhumane conditions. Malikah Saban Shabazz, 51, of Berlin, New Hampshire, and her daughter Bettih Bahiyah Shabazz, 19, of Stark, New Hampshire, were released in Charles County Thursday after posting bond of $2,000 each, according to online court records. The records do not list defense attorneys, and calls to the women's possible telephone numbers were either not answered or not returned. The court records do not list any upcoming court dates. The women were arrested Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata by an officer responding to a report that the U-Haul truck in which they were traveling had been reported stolen earlier that day to Vermont State Police, said Janelle Love, spokeswoman for the Charles County Sheriff's Office. Malcolm X's daughter praises Beyonce Super Bowl act This Jan. 26, 2017 booking photo shows Malikah Shabazz, left, the daughter of Malcolm X, and her daughter Bettih Shabazz, are charged with stealing a rental truck that was carrying seven pit bulls in what police say were inhumane conditions. (Charles County, Maryland, Sheriff's Office) Love said the truck contained seven dogs, some with injuries, housed in stacked crates. She said the dogs were taken to an animal shelter. Both women are charged with unlawfully taking a motor vehicle and theft in excess of $10,000. If convicted, each could face up to 20 years in prison and $20,000 in fines. Malikah is also charged with seven misdemeanor counts of animal abuse or neglect, each punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $1,000 fine. Malcolm X is shown addressing rally in Harlem, New York in this June 29, 1963 file photo. (AP) The arrests were first reported by TMZ.com. KING: On Tupac’s 45th Birthday, he had potential to be Malcolm X Malikah is one of six children of Malcolm X, born Malcolm Little, and Betty Shabazz. Malikah was born seven months after her father was assassinated in February 1965 in New York City by three members of the Nation of Islam, which Malcolm X had left a year earlier. Malikah pleaded guilty in 2011 to stealing the identity of a 70-year-old woman to obtain credit cards and make purchases totaling $55,000. Tags: maryland malcolm x animals animal cruelty Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Go Red For Women Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters Posted: Friday, January 27, 2017 2:22 PM EST Updated: Friday, January 27, 2017 2:22 PM EST NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:42 AM EST2017-01-28 08:42:56 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:12 AM EST2017-01-28 08:12:55 GMT President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore > President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore > Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 2:42 AM EST2017-01-28 07:42:57 GMT The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore > The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore > In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 1:32 AM EST2017-01-28 06:32:53 GMT Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight...More > Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight years of Democrat Barack Obama's policiesMore > Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 12:12 AM EST2017-01-28 05:12:57 GMT A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S....More > A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S. borders to more refugeesMore > Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore > Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore > 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More > A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More > A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore > American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore > Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore > New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >    By The Associated Press More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here's a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. "HP Notebook Battery" and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click "Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 - 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on "CPSC Safety Recalls" for more information. FIELD AND BRUSH MOWERS DETAILS: This recall involves the Pro-XL-44 model of the DR brand tow-behind field and brush mower made by Country Home Products. The mowers are towed behind a riding mower or ATV to clear acres of thick grass and brush. The recalled mowers have an electric start 20 HP Briggs & Stratton engine and a serial number between TB21001001 - TB21002555. They are black and orange and have two blades and four wheels and are 44 inches wide. There is a large label below the machine's fuel tank that with "DR Field and Brush Mower" printed on it and a round DR logo is in the right hand corner. The serial number is printed on the rear right corner of the frame near the engine control panel. They were sold through the Country Home Products catalog, website and authorized independent dealers nationwide from October 2015 through July 2016. WHY: The fuel tank valve can malfunction and cause the fuel tank to expand and gasoline liquid or vapors to be unexpectedly released, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: About 830. HOW MANY: 10 reports of fires, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer's hand. FOR MORE: Call Country Home Products at 877-271-5677 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to tbmrecall@chp.com or visit www.DRPower.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. BEACH CHAIRS DETAILS: MYSINGSÖ beach chairs sold at IKEA from February 2013 through December 2016. The chairs are foldable with a wood base and an attached polyester fabric seat. The article numbers are on labels on the wooden frame and sewn into the fabric. They include: 902.280.08, 302.580.79, 502.851.66, 802.873.95, 002.931.40, 303.120.24, 503.120.23, and 003.120.25. WHY: The beach chairs can collapse, posing fall and fingertip amputation hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports worldwide of incidents, including 10 reports of injuries, six of which resulted in fingertip amputations. Three of the incidents, including one fingertip amputation injury, were reported in the U.S. HOW MANY: About 33,400. FOR MORE: Call IKEA at 888-966-4532 or visit www.ikea-usa.com and click on Press Room at the bottom of the page, then on Product Recalls at the top of the page for more information. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Recalls this week: notebook… Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters By The Associated Press January 27, 2017 2:13 pm Share More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here’s a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES Free e-book on the latest federal government cybersecurity initiatives. Download now. DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. “HP Notebook Battery” and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam’s Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. Advertisement WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click “Recalls” at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 – 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on “CPSC Safety Recalls” for more information. FIELD AND BRUSH MOWERS DETAILS: This recall involves the Pro-XL-44 model of the DR brand tow-behind field and brush mower made by Country Home Products. The mowers are towed behind a riding mower or ATV to clear acres of thick grass and brush. The recalled mowers have an electric start 20 HP Briggs & Stratton engine and a serial number between TB21001001 – TB21002555. They are black and orange and have two blades and four wheels and are 44 inches wide. There is a large label below the machine’s fuel tank that with “DR Field and Brush Mower” printed on it and a round DR logo is in the right hand corner. The serial number is printed on the rear right corner of the frame near the engine control panel. They were sold through the Country Home Products catalog, website and authorized independent dealers nationwide from October 2015 through July 2016. WHY: The fuel tank valve can malfunction and cause the fuel tank to expand and gasoline liquid or vapors to be unexpectedly released, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: About 830. HOW MANY: 10 reports of fires, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer’s hand. FOR MORE: Call Country Home Products at 877-271-5677 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to tbmrecall@chp.com or visit www.DRPower.com and click on “Product Recalls” at the bottom of the page for more information. BEACH CHAIRS DETAILS: MYSINGSÖ beach chairs sold at IKEA from February 2013 through December 2016. The chairs are foldable with a wood base and an attached polyester fabric seat. The article numbers are on labels on the wooden frame and sewn into the fabric. They include: 902.280.08, 302.580.79, 502.851.66, 802.873.95, 002.931.40, 303.120.24, 503.120.23, and 003.120.25. WHY: The beach chairs can collapse, posing fall and fingertip amputation hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports worldwide of incidents, including 10 reports of injuries, six of which resulted in fingertip amputations. Three of the incidents, including one fingertip amputation injury, were reported in the U.S. HOW MANY: About 33,400. FOR MORE: Call IKEA at 888-966-4532 or visit www.ikea-usa.com and click on Press Room at the bottom of the page, then on Product Recalls at the top of the page for more information. Topics: Business News Lifestyle News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Recalls this week: notebook… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Art Rosenfeld, pioneer in energy efficiency, dies 2 taken into custody amid South Bay search for bank robber, SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations AP FACT CHECK: Trump cites man's dubious voter fraud claims US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians US no longer has geography as defense, ally in cybercombat Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Against Cal, Stanford needs another big game from Allen All-Star Game’s live spectacle doesn’t translate on TV Steve Kerr to play 4 Warriors at once in All-Star Game California Chrome chasing history in last race Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/living/article/Recalls-this-week-notebook-batteries-electric-10889319.php Recalls this week: notebook batteries, electric scooters The Associated Press Updated 11:17 am, Friday, January 27, 2017 More than 100,000 notebook batteries are being recalled as part of an expanded recall because they can overheat, posing a fire hazard. Other recalled consumer products include electric scooters and mowers. Here's a more detailed look: NOTEBOOK BATTERIES DETAILS: This expanded recall involves lithium-ion batteries containing Panasonic cells that are used in HP notebook computers. The batteries are compatible with HP, Compaq, HP ProBook, HP ENVY, Compaq Presario, and HP Pavilion notebook computers. They were shipped with notebook computers sold between March 2013 and October 2016. The battery bar code is printed on the back of the battery. "HP Notebook Battery" and the model number are printed on the battery. The batteries included in this expanded recall have bar codes starting with: 6BZLU, 6CGFK, 6CGFQ, 6CZMB, 6DEMA, 6DEMH, 6DGAL and 6EBVA. They were sold at Best Buy, Walmart, Costco, Sam's Club and authorized dealers nationwide and at www.hp.com and other websites from March 2013 through October. WHY: The batteries can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: One additional report of the battery overheating, melting and charring and causing about $1,000 in property damage. HOW MANY: About 101,000. An additional 41,000 batteries were previously recalled in June 2016. About 3,000 were sold in Canada and 4,000 in Mexico. FOR MORE: Call HP at 888-202-4320 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.HP.com/go/batteryprogram2016 or www.hp.com and click "Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. ELECTRIC SCOOTERS DETAILS: Pulse Safe Start Transform electric scooters for children with manufacturing date codes between Sept. 10, 2016 and Oct. 11, 2016. The date code is printed on a label located under the platform in format XX(month)/XX(day)/2016 - 066QY. The scooters were sold in blue and have two wheels in front and one in the rear. They were sold atTarget stores nationwide from October 2016 through November 2016. WHY: The knuckle that joins the wheel to the axle can break, posing a fall hazard to the rider. INCIDENTS: None reported HOW MANY: About 8,000. FOR MORE: Call Pulse Performance Products at 844-287-8711 from 7:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.pulsescooters.com and click on "CPSC Safety Recalls" for more information. FIELD AND BRUSH MOWERS DETAILS: This recall involves the Pro-XL-44 model of the DR brand tow-behind field and brush mower made by Country Home Products. The mowers are towed behind a riding mower or ATV to clear acres of thick grass and brush. The recalled mowers have an electric start 20 HP Briggs & Stratton engine and a serial number between TB21001001 - TB21002555. They are black and orange and have two blades and four wheels and are 44 inches wide. There is a large label below the machine's fuel tank that with "DR Field and Brush Mower" printed on it and a round DR logo is in the right hand corner. The serial number is printed on the rear right corner of the frame near the engine control panel. They were sold through the Country Home Products catalog, website and authorized independent dealers nationwide from October 2015 through July 2016. WHY: The fuel tank valve can malfunction and cause the fuel tank to expand and gasoline liquid or vapors to be unexpectedly released, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: About 830. HOW MANY: 10 reports of fires, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer's hand. FOR MORE: Call Country Home Products at 877-271-5677 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to tbmrecall@chp.com or visit www.DRPower.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. BEACH CHAIRS DETAILS: MYSINGSÖ beach chairs sold at IKEA from February 2013 through December 2016. The chairs are foldable with a wood base and an attached polyester fabric seat. The article numbers are on labels on the wooden frame and sewn into the fabric. They include: 902.280.08, 302.580.79, 502.851.66, 802.873.95, 002.931.40, 303.120.24, 503.120.23, and 003.120.25. WHY: The beach chairs can collapse, posing fall and fingertip amputation hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports worldwide of incidents, including 10 reports of injuries, six of which resulted in fingertip amputations. Three of the incidents, including one fingertip amputation injury, were reported in the U.S. HOW MANY: About 33,400. FOR MORE: Call IKEA at 888-966-4532 or visit www.ikea-usa.com and click on Press Room at the bottom of the page, then on Product Recalls at the top of the page for more information. SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 3 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 4 Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘true Renaissance people’ 5 Anthony Michael Hall Sued for Assault and Battery Over Alleged... 6 SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek 7 Week One of Go to Hell, America 8 SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night 9 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 10 Facebook’s Zuckerberg ‘Concerned’ by Trump Immigration... LATEST NEWS Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘Renaissance people’ SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek Lawsuit accuses Baylor football program of 52 'acts of rape' 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup The best states for retirees View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and celebrated in front of police after killing her son-in-law Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk away largely unscathed  Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Serena and Venus Williams battle in a major final against each other for the first time in nearly eight years Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out until further notice New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a 'quick fix' Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Malcom X's daughter and granddaughter arrested driving a stolen truck filled with seven severely injured pit bulls stacked in crates Malikah Shabazz, 51, and Bettih Shabazz, 19, arrested in Maryland on Wednesday They are the daughter and granddaughter of black Muslim leader Malcolm X Pair were found driving a stolen truck with seven injured pit bulls in the back Dogs were found stacked in crates before being taken to an animal shelter   By Associated Press Published: 13:04 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 15:26 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail 41 shares 2 View comments Malcolm X's daughter and granddaughter have been charged with theft and animal cruelty after seven severely injured pit bulls were found in the back of a stolen rental truck. Malikah Shabazz, 51, and her daughter Bettih Shabazz, 19, were arrested on Wednesday night in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata, Maryland.  Police found the pit pull terriers, some with severe injuries, in the back of the truck stacked in crates in 'inhumane conditions'.  Malikah Shabazz, 51, (left) and daughter Bettih Shabazz, 19, (right) were arrested on Wednesday in La Plata, Maryland and charged with theft and animal cruelty Animal control took the dogs to the Tri-County Animal Shelters where they are currently in a stable condition.  Officers caught the descendants of black Muslim leader Malcolm X after an officer ran a tag on the U-Haul truck earlier that night.  He found the truck had been reported stolen to Vermont State Police earlier on Wednesday. A Charles County sheriff's officer located the vehicle in the Wal-Mart parking lost at about 10pm.  The two women are the daughter and graddaughter of black Muslim leader Malcolm X They were arrested on Wednesday in a Wal-Mart parking lot in La Plata, Maryland (pictured) RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Kentucky high school principal, 36, pleads not guilty to... Caregiver caught on video beating a 94-year-old Alzheimer's... Share this article Share Malikah Shabazz was charged with seven counts of animal cruelty and theft. Her teenage daughter Bettih Shabazz was charged with theft.  Both women gave New Hampshire addresses. They've been released after posting $2,000 bond. No defense attorneys are listed in court records.  Malcolm X was a divisive figure in the 1960s famous for trying to empower the African American community with firebrand speeches during the height of their fight for civil rights in the United States. He was only married once to his wife Betty and the couple had six children together.  On February 21, 1965, he was shot 15 times at close range at a speaking engagement in Manhattan's Audubon Ballroom. He was 39.         Share or comment on this article e-mail 41 shares Most watched News videos Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (2) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious     DON'T MISS Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy 'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends  'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... 'I didn't care. I would do it again': Chilling video shows the moment woman, 65, raised her arms and... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Shocking moment a pick-up truck crashes THROUGH a bus in New York hitting passengers who remarkably walk... Australian Open 2017 Women's final LIVE: Follow Serena Williams vs Venus Williams tennis action from... Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... New recording reveals Republican lawmakers' concerns on how to repeal Obamacare - with warnings against a... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... 'Life is winning again': Mike Pence fires up anti-abortion activists in Washington march a week on from... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home   Sections   Search Follow us           Front Page USA World Africa Asia Central America Europe Middle East North America Oceania South America United Kingdom Health & Wellness LGBTQ Life Coming Out In Memoriam Pride Religion Travel Arts & Entertainment Books Celebrities Film Music Television Theatre Bilerico Report (Views & Voices) Election 2016 Sports News Releases Visit our other sites Queerty GayCities Dragaholic © 2010-2017 LGBTQ Nation About LGBTQ Nation Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise with Us (Q.Digital) California lawmakers introduce bill to create non-binary gender marker After coming out as bisexual, this woman got a heartwarming gift from grandma Arctic Pride event banned due to Russian 'gay propaganda' law Russia moves forward with legalizing domestic violence Gay couple featured in new Kellogg's Corn Flakes commercial Criminal admits to federal hate crime after kicking a gay man to death Elton John signs on for 'The Devil Wears Prada' Broadway musical Christian Dad regrets tweet at 'Supergirl' to 'tone down homosexual messages' Activists target Utah law that forbids teachers from talking about homosexuality Wyoming legislators withdraw bill allowing anti-LGBTQ discrimination Video of a 2-year-old singing 'Jolene' goes viral & reaches Dolly Parton Customer writes 'I don't tip f*ggots' on receipt, says gay server needs Jesus Transgender teen responds after being sued by her mom to stop transition Extortionists are using gay hookup apps to find blackmail victims One Million Moms goes after 'vile' & 'sacrilegious' TV show 'Teachers' Stamp Oddity: Royal Mail postage pays tribute to David Bowie Michele Bachmann: Gays, Muslims, BLM are working together to bring down America Trump's address to Congress will bump LGBTQ rights miniseries 'When We Rise' Criminal admits to federal hate crime after kicking a gay man to death   Share on Facebook   Share on Twitter By REBECCA BOONE, Associated Press · Friday, January 27, 2017 Kelly Schneidor on trial for the killing of Steven Nelson KBOI BOISE, Idaho (AP) — An Idaho man has agreed to plead guilty to a federal hate crime in the death of a gay man in exchange for a chance at a 28-year sentence instead of life in prison. Kelly Schneider, 23, acknowledges in court documents he lured victim Steven Nelson to a remote area and used steel-toed boots to kick Nelson roughly two-dozen times while Nelson begged for his life. The plea agreement document filed in Boise’s U.S. District Court on Wednesday outlines the details of the crime. On April 27, 2016, according to the document, Schneider posted a solicitation for sex on Backpage.com, along with a shirtless photo of himself. Nelson responded to the posting, and the two met that same night. Though Schneider took Nelson’s money, the two didn’t engage in any sexual acts, according to the plea agreement. “Before the encounter, the defendant told his friends that he was not gay and would not let anyone who was gay touch him,” U.S. Attorney Wendy Olson wrote in the plea agreement. Schneider contacted Nelson and agreed to meet him at a local Wal-Mart parking lot. There, he asked Nelson to drive to an isolated wildlife area outside of town for a romantic encounter. Unbeknownst to Nelson, however, Schneider planned a robbery and had two of friends lying in wait at the wildlife area in case Nelson resisted. Schneider began beating Nelson as soon as they arrived, and Nelson never resisted, according to the plea agreement. Instead, he volunteered his ATM number and begged for his life, saying, “Please don’t kill me. Take whatever you want,” Olson wrote. As Schneider’s friends remained hidden, Schneider kicked and beat Nelson while taunting him with a gay slur. Then he stripped Nelson and left him at the wildlife area, driving away in Nelson’s car. Despite being critically injured, Nelson managed to make it to a house about a half-mile away to get help. He was able to describe the attack to police before he died in a hospital a few hours later. Prosecutors have agreed to ask a judge to sentence Schneider to 28 years in prison, to be served at the same time as any sentence Schneider gets in Idaho state court, where he has already pleaded guilty to Nelson’s murder. Nelson faces up to life in prison on the state murder charge. Three other men — Jayson Woods, 28; Kevin R. Tracy, 21; and Daniel Henkel, 23 — have also been charged with murder in state court in connection with Nelson’s death. They’re awaiting trial. © 2017, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.   Share on Facebook   Share on Twitter This Story Filed Under anti-gay hate crime Backpage.com Idaho Kelly Schneider Steven Nelson Comments Review our Commenting Guidelines here → Further Reading Kansas City gay man terrorized at home by gun-toting vandals Idaho man pleads not guilty to hate crime in shocking murder of gay man Idaho tax bill advances despite gay marriage objections by Republicans Idaho man charged with federal hate crime in fatal beating of gay man Masked men in Dallas beat gay actor to a pulp with wooden pole Follow Us LGBTQ Nation Popular on LGBTQ Nation   © 2010 - 2017   LGBTQ Nation, All Rights Reserved. About• Copyright• Privacy• Terms of Use Advertise With Us
Hot Topics: Hiltz Murder Christo Cancels Over The River Gun Near School Senior Fun Fest Fremont's Exceptional Women E-Edition News Tips Print   Email   Font Resize Cañon City Police Dept: Police respond to skateboarding youths Posted:   01/27/2017 11:07:20 AM MST Jan. 26 - 77 calls for service Officers responded to the 500 Block Harrison Avenue for a citizen assist. Resident requested a civil standby for a possible restraining order violation at their residence. Officers responded to the 400 Block Macon Avenue for a welfare check. Subject was transported to St Thomas More Hospital. Officers responded to the 1200 Block Main Street for report of a stolen cell phone. Officers responded to the 400 Block Woodlawn for a report of fraud. Cañon City resident reported fraudulent activity on a debit card in Colorado Springs at a Wal-Mart and another pending charge for a hotel room in New York City. Officers responded to U.S. Hwy 50/ Dozier Avenue for a hit and Run. Carol Antrim, 79 , and Jason Ondrei, 40, both of Cañon City, reported no injuries. Officers responded to U.S. Hwy 50 / Orchard Avenue for report of criminal mischief. A motorist had a back passenger side window shatter. Motorist did not observe anything get thrown from a pedestrian or a vehicle kick up debris. Officer investigation did not locate and foreign obstacle that may have caused the damage. Officers responded to the 3100 block U.S. Hwy 50 for a report of a suspicious person. Store was checked and person had left the area. Officers responded to the 400 block Del Ray, Police received report of a juvenile problem. Area checked, kids were skateboarding, nothing unusual observed. Advertisement Officers responded to the 200 block Justice Center Rd for report of a physical disturbance. Officers contacted individuals at campsites. Officers responded to the 1300 block Main Street, for report of harassment. Individuals were approached by three men in a tan color Toyota Camry who approached them with a bat, brass knuckles and an ice scraper. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES REM comes to Main Street Mayor Troutman issues call to action DOC dog training program gives inmates purpose   placeholder POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Malcolm X’s daughter, granddaughter busted on animal cruelty charges By Lia Eustachewich View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 27, 2017 | 1:22pm | Updated January 27, 2017 | 2:23pm Modal Trigger Malikah and Bettih Shabazz AP Malcolm X’s daughter and granddaughter were busted this week on animal cruelty charges, when injured pooches subjected to “inhumane conditions” were found inside a stolen U-Haul truck they were driving. Malikah Shabazz and her daughter Bettih Shabazz, 19, were arrested Wednesday night in a parking lot of a La Plata, Maryland, Wal-Mart, cops said. Seven injured pit bulls were found inside stacked crates in the back of the rental truck, cops said. The truck was reported stolen earlier in the day to Vermont state police. The women were charged with seven counts of animal cruelty and vehicle theft and released on $2,000 bond. Malikah, 51, the youngest of six daughters of the late civil rights activist, pleaded guilty in 2011 to identity theft charges and racking up more than $55,000 in someone else’s name. The victim, Khaula Bakr, was the widow of one of Malcolm X’s bodyguards. Malikah was sentenced to probation in that case. With Post wires Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under animal cruelty ,  malcolm x ,  maryland Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Nikki Haley to UN members: 'We're taking names' Read Next Nikki Haley to UN members: 'We're taking names' Share Selection Trending Now in News 45,330 Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days 20,968 John Hurt dead at 77 14,863 Top scientists stand up to Trump Now On Mischa Barton says she was drugged before hospitalizaton Fan paid $15K for plot near Judy Garland — and now she’s gone Friends fear Club Kid Killer returning to ‘party-monster’ ways SEE ALL Now On The 7 Sexiest, Dirtiest, & Steamiest Movies on Hulu SEE ALL Most Popular This Week The Clintons are hatching a plan for their comeback Teen milks $28K from teacher in 'sextortion' plot Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these... Criminals can't wait to be arrested by this sexy cop 'SNL' writer slammed for tweeting about Barron Trump More Stories pagesix John Hurt dead at 77 Now On Decider Christina Ricci Goes Full Frontal In Her New Series nypost Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
CLOSE Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive GR EditionUS Edition Newspaper Stands Sign in Subscribe Saturday, January 28, 2017 | Week's Paper | NY 34 F | Athens 47 F | EUR → USD 1.07 Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive Home Miscellaneous Greek-American Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the 15th President of American University Miscellaneous Greek-American Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the 15th President of American University By TNH Staff - January 27, 2017 0 196 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter WASHINGTON, DC – The American University (AU) on behalf of its Board of Trustees introduced Greek-American Sylvia Mathews Burwell as AU’s 15th president. Burwell will assume her responsibilities on June 1, 2017, when President Neil Kerwin steps down, after more than a decade of outstanding service in the role. Burwell comes to AU after serving as the 22nd Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), a role she held from 2014 through the end of President Obama’s second term. Prior to that Cabinet appointment, Burwell was Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), also a Cabinet position. She emerged as the top candidate in a very competitive national search. The daughter of Cleo (née Maroudas) Mathews, a teacher and Hinton, WV mayor from 2001 to 2009, and Dr. William Peter Mathews, an optometrist, Burwell’s grandparents on both sides were Greek immigrants. An accomplished senior government official and global foundation executive, Burwell is a leader of immense character and vision, known for her rigor of thought and laser-like focus on mission. A Rhodes Scholar, she possesses an inherent intellectual curiosity that she has applied to push the boundaries of knowledge in order to address complex problems. These traits, combined with her experience and commitment to education and research, make her well suited to lead AU at this moment in their history, as they build on the momentum and progress achieved in recent years. Burwell has managed large and complex organizations across the public and private sector. Her career reflects strategic thought leadership at the highest levels of US government, and global executive leadership at two of the world’s largest and most well-known non-profit and corporate foundations. Prior to her roles in the Obama Administration, she was President of the Walmart Foundation, where she led efforts to fight hunger in America, empower women around the world, and improve local communities. Previously, she served for a decade at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation as Chief Operating Officer and as founding President of the Global Development Program, where she helped advance solutions to some of the world’s most pressing global public health issues. “My family and I are honored and excited to become a part of this vibrant AU community,” said Burwell. “American University’s distinctive mix of academic strengths, its influential scholars, engaged students, successful alumni and extraordinary location are great assets. AU’s trajectory over the last decade enables us to leverage our strengths and think in bold, ambitious ways.” University of Pennsylvania President Emerita and Rockefeller Foundation President, Judith Rodin, said, “I applaud the American University community on this outstanding appointment. Sylvia Burwell is a visionary, strategic, and talented leader with an unmatched drive for excellence. She loves learning and rigorous debate, and has a passion for engaging people, from students to scholars, in the critical issues of the day. All of these qualities make her perfect for a 21st Century university presidency.” Burwell observed, “Given the challenges facing higher education, our nation, and our world, there is no better time for American University to assert its considerable strengths, to lead and convene thought leaders, and take on the world’s thorniest problems. I welcome the opportunity to help AU expand its scholarly influence, enhance the student experience, and be a model for inclusion and innovation at a time when these ideals are vitally important.” During Burwell’s recent government tenure, HHS advanced the most comprehensive reform of the nation’s health care system in a generation; confronted urgent public health issues, such as the opioid crisis; through the Centers for Disease Control, addressed the Zika and Ebola outbreaks; and at the National Institutes of Health, supported advancements at the forefront of biomedical research. At OMB, she helped lead the negotiations that won a landmark two-year budget agreement. Burwell also held leadership roles in the Clinton Administration, including as Deputy Chief of Staff to the President and Chief of Staff to the US Secretary of Treasury. Burwell has served on the boards of the Council on Foreign Relations, MetLife, and the University of Washington Medical Center, among other organizations. The first woman appointed as president in AU’s history, Burwell earned an A.B. in Government from Harvard University, and a BA in Philosophy, Policy and Economics from the University of Oxford. A news release from Jack C. Cassell- Chairman, Board of Trustees, and Jeffrey A. Sine- Chairman, Presidential Search Committee, stated, “We welcome Sylvia Mathews Burwell, we extend our sincere appreciation to the Presidential Search Committee—comprised of faculty, staff, students, alumni, and trustees—whose effective work and commitment brought her to AU. The search committee engaged with the entire community from the earliest stages, listened and reflected the views of various constituencies, and was determined to recruit candidates befitting the university’s reputation, and rapid transformation as one of the nation’s leading universities. We are grateful for the time and talent the search committee devoted to this process. Please join us in welcoming Sylvia Mathews Burwell, her husband Stephen, and their children, Helene and Matthew, to the AU family. Over the coming months, there will be opportunities to welcome and get to know them as they prepare to join our community this summer.” Previous articleFuture Looks Bright for N.J. High School Hoop Star Plexidas Next articleOlympiacos stays strong for sixth-straight home win (video) TNH Staff RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Miscellaneous TNH Honors Educator of the Year Stavroula Panagiotopoulou Miscellaneous Greek-American Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the 15th President of American University Miscellaneous US economy slowed to 1.9 percent growth rate in Q4, closing out weakest year since 2011 NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Fr. Luke Melackrinos Suspended from St. Paul’s Cathedral in Hempstead TNH's 50 Richest Greek-Americans 2014 List - Net Worth & More Future Looks Bright for N.J. High School Hoop Star Plexidas TNH Interview with Bishop Andonios of Phasiane on St. Paul’s Fr. Melackrinos Suspension Trump Blessed by Greek Orthodox Priest Week’s Paper Special Issues About us Contact us Subscriptions Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Classifieds Opinions Columnists Editorial Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Letter to the Editor Agora Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise Job @ TNH © Copyright 2015-16 - The National Herald, Inc
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Colorado Classic to revive pro cycling in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Fixing Broncos O-line Switchblade knife ban Trevor Tice final hours New Denver skyscraper Denver weather Australian Open update Sports Cycling Colorado Classic to revive pro cycling in Colorado with stops in Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver Men’s and women’s pro cycling races, amateur events, music and festivals set for Aug. 10-13, 2017 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Jason Blevins | jblevins@denverpost.com | The Denver Post PUBLISHED: January 25, 2017 at 5:00 am | UPDATED: January 25, 2017 at 8:03 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Tale of two states: N. Dakota has $4 billion saved from oil and gas taxes; Colorado has almost none Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban Professional road cyclists will race through Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver next summer during the Colorado Classic, an event organizers hope will be more durable than its predecessors. The Aug. 10-13 stage race — with pro cycling’s highest profile teams, a two-day women’s race, public riding events, live music and a rolling festival — will blend the best elements of Colorado’s lost Red Zinger Bicycle Classic, the Coors Classic and the USA Pro Challenge. “Sustainability is the goal here,” said David Koff, the chief of RPM Events Group, an investment team that includes Denver’s Gart family and local philanthropist Ben Walton, grandson of Walmart founder Sam Walton. The Colorado Classic — with specific details still pending — will be the latest iteration of professional cycling in the bike-loving Centennial State and the U.S., where stage racing has struggled to thrive. It will marry the spectator-friendly urban criterium circuits of the long-gone Red Zinger and Coors Classic with the Pro Challenge’s television-friendly traverses of Colorado’s high country. The four-day race will feature 18 domestic and international, six-man teams racing 300 miles in circuits that start and finish in the same location. The women’s race will begin in Colorado Springs on Aug. 10 and conclude the following night under lights in Denver. The men on Aug. 11 will race a second stage in Breckenridge and the third-and-fourth stages will begin and end in Denver’s River North Art District. Like the Pro Challenge, the Colorado Classic has been designated by cycling’s governing body, the UCI, as 2.HC, the highest rating outside of UCI World Tour races like the Tour de France. The Colorado Classic joins the May 14-21 Amgen Tour of California, the July 31-Aug. 6 Tour of Utah and the inaugural Aug. 24-27 Tour of the Commonwealth in Virginia as the country’s highest profile professional bike races. “Coloradans love pro bike racing,” said Derek Bouchard-Hall, the chief of USA Cycling, in a statement. “We’re extremely pleased that the Colorado Classic will continue the state’s proud tradition with both men’s and women’s events.” Related Articles January 25, 2017 Will Colorado Classic bike race find “sustainability” secret that eluded predecessors? More information about race routes through Denver, Colorado Springs and Breckenridge, as well as musical acts, public participation events and the traveling festival will come soon, Koff said. Those specifics will reveal how the Colorado Classic will defy a national trend that has seen all but two U.S. multi-stage professional bike races die. The viability of the Colorado Classic “will be apparent” when those details emerge, Koff said. “We have focused on all elements on the cost side to try to make this more sustainable.” One of those elements is public participation. In the coming weeks, RPM will announce amateur events that coincide with the elite race. “We think that’s an exciting way to help connect pro cycling with your average daily cyclist,” Koff said. “It fits with our investors’ approach. We view this as a large-scale community event with participation being a major part of that.” Koff said the RPM team is “well on our way” to securing television coverage of the race, an essential yet pricey ingredient for success. International event coverage of the Pro Challenge splashed images of Colorado’s high country across millions of television screens worldwide, helping elevate host cities like Aspen, Vail, Steamboat, Breckenridge and Denver as a destination for coveted international tourists. “We  expect to have the same type of coverage that similar races have had in the last five years,” Koff said. Helen H. Richardson, The Denver PostThe peloton makes its way down Ute Pass Road heading towards Silverthorne in Stage 2 of the USA Pro Challenge from Steamboat Springs on Aug. 18, 2015. The race started in Steamboat Springs and ended at Arapahoe Basin. The Pro Challenge debuted in Colorado in 2011, with local benefactors Rick and Richard Schaden covering a nearly $10 million loss that first year. By 2015, a team of deep-pocketed sponsors — like Lexus, UnitedHealthcare and Pepsi — helped stem the losses of the statewide production. But the race still foundered, despite luring a reported 1 million spectators and delivering more than $130 million in economic impact to the state. The Pro Challenge pushed big crowds into host communities that enjoyed robust bumps in tourist spending that lingers even without the race. Local organizers see that as a sign that the Pro Challenge boosted Colorado’s profile as a cycling destination. The Schadens ceded ownership of the race in 2015 but Pro Challenge chief Shawn Hunter was unable to keep it afloat, giving rise to the RPM Events Group. Ken Gart, the governor’s unpaid boss of all things bike in Colorado, organized the group with hopes of cherry-picking the successful elements of the Pro Challenge minus the crippling cost of producing a race that roams several hundred miles of Colorado roadways. “I can’t wait to once again show off this wonderful state to the world during the Colorado Classic,” Gart said in a statement. “The Colorado Classic is being developed to appeal to not just cycling fans but a wide array of Coloradans and visitors to the state.” Tags:  Colorado Classic Ken Gart Richard Schaden Rick Schaden USA Pro Challenge Jason Blevins Jason Blevins covers tourism, mountain business, skiing and outdoor adventure sports for both the business and sports sections at The Denver Post, which he joined in 1997. He skis, pedals, paddles and occasionally boogies in the hills and is just as inspired by the lively entrepreneurial spirit that permeates Colorado's high country communities as he is by the views. Follow Jason Blevins @jasonblevins Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Cycling Will Colorado Classic bike race find “sustainability” secret that eluded predecessors? January 25, 2017, 8:04 pm That’s the watchword of the new Colorado Classic, coming to Colorado Springs, Breckenridge and Denver, Aug. 10-13, with circuit races at each venue. Colorado cyclist overcame depression and suicidal thoughts riding across America, now hopes to ride across Russia January 22, 2017, 4:49 pm With no job, few prospects for finding one and a family history of depression, Matt Carnal overcame the darkness he felt seven years ago by riding across America on a bike. Wheat Ridge looking to experiment with pedicab service for seniors January 04, 2017, 10:53 am The Wheat Ridge Active Transportation Advisory Team searches for funding to build a pedicab that will increase mobile accessibility. 105-year-old Frenchman sets cycling record January 04, 2017, 2:27 pm SAINT-QUENTIN-EN-YVELINES, France (AP) — Nearly a century ago, Robert Marchand was told by a coach that he should give up cycling because he would never achieve anything on a bike. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Samstag, 28. Januar | 09:21 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 18:23 | 27.01.2017 Opal: The Naturally Non-Browning Apple An apple that doesn’t brown? They’ve been growing naturally since 2010 in Washington State! Non-GMO Project Verified Opal Apples are distinctive yellow apples with a sweet, tangy crunch and a natural non-browning superpower. What’s more, they’re crisp, delicious, and available right now in stores nationwide including Trader Joe’s, Walmart and Whole Foods. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170127005508/en/ Opal Apples: the non-GMO naturally non-browning apple already available nationwide. (Photo: Opal Apples) Opals naturally promote healthy lunch-packing habits for kids and parents. But while most kids love apples, it can be tricky to get those apples eaten. According to data collected via SurveyMonkey survey conducted by Opal Apple, 46 percent of parents reported a whole apple comes home with just a bite or two out of it—or completely uneaten. Kids want their apples sliced — but most apples turn an unappetizing brown by lunchtime. The surveyed parents were clear: almost 50 percent of them told us their kids don’t like even slightly brown fruit. Opal Apples to the rescue! The Opal Apple’s naturally occurring slow oxidation rate means these Washington State-grown non-GMO apples don’t brown after slicing. It’s an apple that meets all lunch-packing needs: it’s sweet, crunchy and still Instagram-worthy hours after slicing. Opals are a non-GMO cross between a Golden Delicious and a Topaz, and are available in both conventional and organic varieties grown exclusively in the United States by Broetje Orchards in Washington State. Recognized as leaders in the apple industry for decades, their family-owned and operated orchards grow apples, and cherries on more than 8,500 acres – including the largest contiguous orchard in the United States. More information on the crispy, sweet, non-GMO and naturally non-browning Opal apple can be found at opalapples.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170127005508/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 22:50 Uhr | 27.01.2017 WDH/RATING: Fitch stuft Türkei ... 22:46 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Fitch stuft Türkei auf ... 22:31 Uhr | 27.01.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Alphabet nach ... 22:30 Uhr | 27.01.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:19 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. WIRE 8 Questions About Trump's Plan to Tax Mexican Imports to Fund Border Wall A 20 percent tax on Mexican imports might cover the cost of the wall, but is it legal? Josh Lederman and Josh Boak, Associated Press WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: 1. Is it a tax, a tariff, or something else? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. 2. What does this mean for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. 3. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. 4. What it raise enough money to pay for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. 5. Is it legal? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. 6. How would this affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. 7. Do Republican's like Trump's plan? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. 8. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. --AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. Published on: Jan 27, 2017 Advertisement
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Super Bowl LI Here are the advertisers gearing up for game day Hey Alexa... Sales of Amazon Echo skyrocket in Q4, analysts say Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Video Sign up to receive weekly insights on video advertising and trends. SUBSCRIBE After a most lively year, where does live video go in 2017? As live video continues to rise in popularity, how will it evolve this year? Columnist Fritz Brumder shares his predictions on the tools and innovations we should expect to see in 2017. Fritz Brumder on January 27, 2017 at 11:25 am More In 2016, most major social media platforms launched live-video streaming capabilities; Twitch moved beyond video games; and tween-girl must-have Musical.ly launched Live.ly. Big brands started aggressively using live-video tools to connect with customers through their own sites, and smaller platforms such as YouNow.com forged ahead, even as pioneering app Meerkat left the fight. Live video in 2016 was, to put it mildly, nuts. With all this activity, 2017 will be hard-pressed to top its predecessor. But it’s also likely we will see a bigger, more diverse and capable universe of live-video programming and tools this year — and perhaps even more innovation, now that so many platforms and capabilities are available and audiences are learning to look for these experiences. If 2016 was the Year of Live’s Launch, 2017 will be the Year of Live’s Mainstreaming. Millions of people are learning to create live video, and more importantly, watching the live programming they find. They enjoy the power, immediacy and authenticity of live video, whether it’s on their mobile device, their desktop or other platforms. As a result, creators, publishers and brands will have even more opportunity to connect with consumers, employees and suppliers through programming that builds their bottom lines. So, where is live video heading? Below are some of our predictions: Multi-camera broadcasting New tools will make it easier to network multiple smartphones for live broadcasts, making possible not just new kinds of programming, but transforming the news business. The ability to nimbly stream an event from multiple perspectives, and switch between them, will take live video to another level of power and immersiveness. Some of these tools allow a producer to control switching between cameras; other tools will let viewers choose their favored perspective. Think of it as crowdsourced live video, particularly useful at events such as concerts, political rallies and protests. News organizations in particular will adopt emerging tools that let them pull together multiple live streams from a big event to more completely cover an unfolding story, switching among those streams in real time while giving audiences the power to choose their own view of the proceedings. Brands go big on their own terms The chance to connect directly and compellingly with consumers attracted more and more smart brands in 2016, particularly as their traditional audiences on pay TV, radio and print continued to erode. In 2017, brands will still spend plenty on those traditional platforms, but they’ll increasingly turn to live online video to reach customers directly. Importantly, brands won’t just rely on someone else’s platform as they move into live streaming. Instead, they’ll incorporate live onto their own branded online sites, short-cutting both traditional media companies and the big social media platforms. They will have more control over the experience and far deeper knowledge about their visitors, information they can use to build a long-term consumer relationship of extraordinary depth. More kinds of branded live experiences At Brandlive (my employer) and elsewhere, we’ve already seen significant investments by big brands such as Walmart and Nike’s Air Jordans, which added live video to their broader marketing mix. But expect that programming to evolve in ambitious ways as companies expand their use of live video for: • communicating company values and internal messaging, building esprit de corps and ensuring consistent training and processes for their far-flung base of employees. • building richer connections with customers. Imagine the home shopping networks of the cable TV world, but now with superpowers. They’ll have more interactivity, easy sales conversion and deep knowledge about each specific audience member. There will be shopping shows and auctions, product announcements and showcases, and programming that shows how to more fully take advantage of their products and those of their partners. • creating closer relationships with suppliers and distributors. For many companies, communicating their core values and messages to their partners can be complicated and challenging. Live video gives them powerful new ways to build connection and interaction, ensuring better products and relationships. More programmed live video shows The TV networks have created annual event viewing around streaming musicals live. It’s among the few kinds of programming left in traditional linear TV that drives appointment viewing, higher ad sales and buzzy social media interest. Now, take that experience, with the potential for mistakes and in-the-moment magic, and the kinds of audiences attracted by that potential, and you can see why we expect other programming, even on traditional linear TV, to go live. Better promotion tools The social media platforms typically notify audiences about a live broadcast just as it begins. As more live programming becomes scheduled, potential audiences will need more lead time to prepare to watch. The live-streaming platforms need to do a better job of allowing live events to be scheduled and promoted in advance to help build the stars of the future. Better monetization In 2016, Facebook put up $50 million to pay 140 creators and publishers to experiment widely in live video, the first time the social media giant has paid creators for anything. Expect more money, particularly from ad revenue sharing, to come into the business for creators on all the social-media platforms, at least if those platforms want to continue to have creators working there. Other sites are experimenting with other monetization approaches. Twitch, for instance, has long allowed audiences to “tip” stars directly through a virtual currency. Musical.ly does the same, and incorporated the payment mechanism into Live.ly. This direct relationship between fan and performer will finance new kinds of stars, and it will likely change the way some live programs are structured. Live video aggregator apps What could be easier than finding all your live content in one place? In the same way that Apple TV and Roku aggregate services for prerecorded streaming media, an app that connects you to all your live video streams across various social and other channels would provide a similar ease of access and supercharge the live experience. Live virtual reality and 360-degree video This is already happening, but will become exponentially more popular as the cameras and other production tools for such experiences get smarter, smaller, more powerful, easier to use and cheaper. And creative minds will learn how to fully exploit those tools to create more immersive experiences that put viewers right in the action. Expect lots of missteps, but a year or two of experience also will yield some stunning new viewing options. Are we certain that all of these will come into fruition this year? No. But we’re confident the future of live video is vast and headed down these paths. And that’s pretty freaking cool. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Marketing Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Fritz Brumder Fritz Brumder is the CEO and a co-founder of Brandlive. Fritz is a long-time Internet strategist and entrepreneur. Using his experience in and passion for video production, and expertise in Internet strategy, he developed the vision for and launched Brandlive, a leading Software-as-a-Service solution that brands and retailers leverage to create highly engaging online events for their products and product experts -- seamlessly combining live video, social interaction, and instant commerce. Fritz has developed digital media solutions for the world’s best brands for over 10 years. Related Topics Channel: VideoContent Marketing ColumnVideo Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Data for Retailers The Ultimate App Personalization Playbook I have 50,000+ email subscribers…now what? The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - CNEWS Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos This Clothing Swap Helps Transgender People Fit... Lawsuit: Baylor Football's Sex Scandal Is Larger... Trump Signs Two New Executive Orders On Military,... News Alberta man fined $465 for cracked drivers licence $14Gs in cash, Homeland Security note found on... HMV Canada closing stores nationwide Hot Topics Burning cubs start fire Burning bear cubs start fire in California Hate mail targets BLM The controversial activist group that stalled... Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos George Lopez Doesn't Wish Donald Trump the Best Ed Sheeran Shares His Surprisingly Competitive... Judge Limits Robin Thicke's Contact with His Son News Patton allegedly caught Thicke in bed with two... John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man,' dies 'Mary Tyler Moore Show' house up for sale Hot Topics Ben Affleck drops F-bombs in... Affleck slurs through rant Pamela Anderson, Tommy Lee... Pam & Tommy made $0 off sex tape Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Toronto Raptors beat Milwaukee Bucks Cyril Leeder: Writing was on the wall Burris officially calls it quits News NHL's Top 100: Malkin, Hawerchuk among snubs Babcock confident young guns won't hit 'wall' What Raonic can learn from former major winners Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Kylie Jenner Raises $500,000 for Charity Kim Kardashian's Statement of Paris Robbery is... Amber Heard Claims Johnny Depp is 'Punishing' Her News Tim Hortons brand expanding into Mexico 5 steps millennials can take to plan for... Toyota recalls 79,000 pickups because real... Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna Celebrate 1-Year... Natalie Portman Spotted on the Morning She Gets... Nina Agdal Sizzles in Swimwear Photoshoot News Gynecologist slams Paltrow over jade eggs in... Friend in abusive relationship faces estrangement Vitamin C and your skin Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Top-rated wines Wines of the week Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos Princess Cruises Will Pay A $40M Penalty For... New York Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lit Universal Theme Parks' Next Big Addition: Nintendo News New Orleans might close Bourbon St. bar doors at... 6 places you should visit for Canada's 150th... U.S., Europe, Caribbean top destinations for... Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Call of Duty's John Marshall Jones On The Wonders... Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt A Houston Mom Found Security Footage Of Her... News Pee-cycling; Special toilet takes aim at... Samsung: Batteries only problem with fire-prone... Beware of 'highly effective' Gmail phishing scam Videos Photos Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Today's News Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Donald Trump's tax probably could fund border wall: Report Related Content Trump hammers Madonna for comments: 'She's disgusting' Spokesman: Trump seeks 20% tax on Mexican imports to pay for proposed wall Republican leaders: Bill to build border wall will cost up to $15 billion Mexican president says he will not attend meeting with Donald Trump Latest News Cops accuse special ed teacher of driving drunk to school Opinion: Doomsday is Trump's fault?! Obama 'spineless' for not commuting jailed governor's sentence: Daughter Share Josh Lederman And Josh Boak, The Associated Press Jan 27, 2017 , Last Updated: 11:39 AM ET WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 per cent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: Trump hammers Madonna for comments: 'She's disgusting' Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change, NOW! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 27, 2017 IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 per cent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP’S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when travelling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or cancelling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. Videos This Clothing Swap Helps Transgender People Fit Into Their Identity Lawsuit: Baylor Football's Sex Scandal Is Larger Than Previously Known Trump Signs Two New Executive Orders On Military, Refugees Ambassador Nikki Haley Warns UN: 'We're Taking Names' Mark Zuckerberg Has Decided Not To Sue Hundreds Of Hawaiians How The America Trump Inherited Stacks Up Against The One Obama Got You Can Blame Beijing's Smog For Fewer Fireworks This Chinese New Year Rio De Janeiro's Olympic Hangover Just Hit Its Most Famous Stadium Where Is Trump Getting His Widespread Voter Fraud Evidence? Here's How Much Taxpayers Will Pay For Trump's Border Wall NASA's Lighting Experiment May Help Astronauts Finally Get Some Sleep Melania Trump Isn't Comparing Herself To Jackie Kennedy Previous Next More Videos Photos Stunning costumes from the Miss Universe pageant Celebs at anti-Trump women's marches in the U.S. Donald Trump's inauguration in photos Trump wax figure unveiled at London's Madame Tussauds museum Deadly shooting at Mexico's Blue Parrot nightclub Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Polar bear dips across Canada and U.S. Deadly nightclub shooting in Turkey Children displaced from Aleppo Fireworks market explosion in Tultepec, Mexico Christmas market truck crash in Germany Penn State's 'Squirrel Whisperer' an internet sensation Previous Next More Photos Ads VIDEOS Most popular Latest stories WorldTrump hammers Madonna for comments: 'She's disgusting' WorldOpinion: Doomsday is Trump's fault?! WorldObama 'spineless' for not commuting jailed governor's sentence: Daughter WorldDonald Trump's tax probably could fund border wall: Report CanadaNursing home at centre of murder probe ordered to stop new admissions Canada$14Gs in cash, Homeland Security note found on Toronto transit bus CanadaMystery how escaped Toronto inmate got pre-paid credit card CanadaOntario PCs rip premier for road tolls 'flip-flop' CanadaAlberta man fined $465 for cracked drivers licence WorldStunning costumes from the Miss Universe pageant Ads Weather Montréal Choose your city 5 days forecast °c °c °c °c °c Burning question Do you think Kevin O'Leary will be successful in the world of Canadian politics? Yes No Submit Results Newsletter subscription Your daily dose of what's hot on Canoe.com. You'll get everything from daily features and top headlines. Sign up today ! Ads Canoe Top Headlines news Alberta man fined $465 for cracked drivers licence showbiz Patton says she caught Thicke in bed with women slam Malkin, Hawerchuk among Top 100 snubs news HMV Canada closing stores nationwide Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Saturday, January 28, 2017 Kingston, ON -1° Light snow Sponsored by: Haven Home ClimateCare Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Features Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Shoplifter gets court date By Kingston Whig-Standard Friday, January 27, 2017 12:15:56 EST PM Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error A woman has a date in court after police were called to Walmart Thursday evening. Police were called to the Midland Avenue store a little after 7 p.m. by a loss prevention officer. The officer had observed a woman pick up an Xbox game and two Xbox headsets then move to another area of the store. She then took them out of their packages and hid them in her purse. The officer said the woman then continued with her shopping, grabbing other items and only paying for them. Observing the theft on store security cameras, police arrested the accused as she exited the store. Police charged the 39-year-old woman with theft under $5,000 and issued her an appearance notice to attend court at a later date. – The Whig-Standard   Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Medical Kingston Travel Vaccination Clinic Footwear Becker Shoes Travel & Lodging Delta Hotels by Marriott Kingston Waterfront Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The Kingston Whig-Standard Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions Kingston View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The Kingston Whig-Standard Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Curling Other Sports Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Homes Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Features City Notices My Flyers Autonet Homes Extra Grand Theatre Fundraising Campaign Real-Estate Directories Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The Kingston Whig-Standard Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The Kingston Whig-Standard. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] January 24 AAPL: 119.97 -0.11 Target planning in-store payments through mobile app this year while still resisting Apple Pay Zac Hall - Jan. 24th 2017 8:23 am PT @apollozac iPhone Apple Pay target View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Target has accepted Apple Pay in its mobile app since Apple’s mobile payment service launched in 2014, but the retailer still doesn’t take Apple Pay in stores. Now Target is planning to introduce its own mobile payment solution later this year which suggests Apple Pay support in stores isn’t coming any time soon. Recode reports that Target is planning to let customers use the retailer’s REDcard debit or credit card through a smartphone app as a payment method later this year. Instead, Target plans to introduce mobile payment features to one or more of its own apps, the retailer’s Chief Information and Digital Officer Michael McNamara told Recode last week at a National Retail Federation conference in New York City. This strategy is similar to what Walmart, another major Apple Pay holdout in the US, has offered rather than adopting contactless payment methods. Chip-enabled debit and credit cards are more secure than traditional cards, but the payment terminals typically make the payment process slower than swiping. Contactless payment methods like Apple Pay can be used by waving an iPhone or Apple Watch near the terminal for a nearly instant transaction and is also more secure than using a traditional card. While Walmart and Target are checking the ‘pay with smartphone’ box with their own services, paying through apps that require scanning barcodes is usually the least convenient payment method especially compared to Apple Pay. Target’s CEO has expressed interest in accepting Apple Pay in stores before, although that was before the 2015 holiday period. When we asked Target for an update on this timeline back in November, the company offered “no updates or new news to share at this time.” Apple Pay adoption by retailers is slowly picking up with 35% of US retailers accepting it at checkout according to Apple, and GAP retail stores are planning to start accepting Apple Pay this year. Guides iPhone View THe Guide Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide target View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Trump wants to tax Mexico to pay for his wall. Here’s what that actually means President Donald Trump's proposal to have Mexico pay for his border wall through tax reform still has a few details that need to be worked out. ▶ Sean Spicer said U.S. President Donald Trump will seek a 20 per cent tax on Mexican imports to pay for a proposed border wall. The White House press secretary then escorted the media to see Trump during his first trip as president on Air Force One.(The Associated Press ) By Josh Lederman Josh BoakThe Associated Press Fri., Jan. 27, 2017 WASHINGTON—U.S. President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 per cent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff or something else? Article Continued Below It’s unclear. Donald Trump speaks during a luncheon at the Congress of Tomorrow Republican Member Retreat in Philadelphia. The Trump administration intends on having Mexico pay for the president's proposed border wall through a 20 per cent tax on products imported from south of the border.   (Alex Wong / GETTY IMAGES)   The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 per cent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. What does this mean for the U.S.? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Would it raise enough money to pay for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. ▶ House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell say President Donald Trump's border wall will cost $12 billion to $15 billion. They also distanced themselves from Trump by saying torture is illegal. (The Associated Press ) House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it legal? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. How would this affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Do republicans like Trump’s plan? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when travelling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or cancelling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. Read more about: Mexico, United States, Donald Trump Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 0°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Céline Dion joins ‘The Voice’ The Canadian pop star will be serving as an adviser for Gwen Stefani’s team during season 12 of the NBC singing competition. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Panama Papers Dinner Party Canada 150 Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Trump bars Syrian refugees, halts entry of citizens from some Muslim states Republican split on Obamacare strategy evident during private meeting McConnell warns Trump to back off on killing filibuster Anti-abortion marchers celebrate a new era under Trump Trump order sets military buildup in motion How Trump's attack on Mexico could hurt border security Politico Morning Tax An early filing of the day's tax news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Is that an endorsement? By Bernie Becker 01/27/17 10:00 AM EST WHAT A THURSDAY: Let’s just see if we can get this straight: First, President Donald Trump seemed like he might have shown interest in the House GOP’s border adjustment framework in a Thursday address to congressional Republicans at their retreat in Philadelphia. Then Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, definitely appeared to show interest in border adjustability on Air Force One on the way back. And by the end of the day, border adjustability was just one of a “buffet” of options for forcing Mexico to contribute to a border wall. Got that? However chaotic a Thursday it was for tax nerds, our Brian Faler notes that observers both on and off Capitol Hill took all the comments from the administration as a sign that Trump was moving closer to the House GOP, especially since he’d previously scoffed that the border adjustment plan was too complicated. Story Continued Below Our Katy O’Donnell ran down how exactly border adjustability would work (imports taxed, exports exempted) — and, theoretically at least, how the framework would lead to a stronger dollar that didn’t hurt importing companies, in part by lowering the cost of the products they bring to the U.S. Retailers, oil refiners and other importers are skeptical of that logic, and Thursday showed that there are a lot of people who believe that consumers would be hurt by the plan. (Morning Tax, for instance, learned that D.C.-based reporters are very, very concerned about potential spikes in avocado prices.) The administration’s seeming new openness to border adjustability raised questions about whether GOP senators — so far skeptical of the House proposal — would follow suit, but at least a couple showed they’re far from being onboard. “Any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila, or margaritas is a big-time bad idea. Mucho Sad,” tweeted Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.). Other reading on the day that was, from The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal. WELCOME TO FRIDAY, and to the end of the first full week of the Trump presidency. On this day 37 years ago, the end of the movie “Argo” — Americans hiding in the Canadian Embassy spirited out of Iran — happened, though there’s an argument that the ending took some dramatic license, while the movie itself shortchanged the efforts of our neighbors to the north. Hey, what’s going on out there? Email: bbecker@politico.com, teckert@politico.com, bfaler@politico.com, kodonnell@politico.com. Twitter: @berniebecker3, @tobyeckert, @brian_faler, @katyodonnell_ , @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Tax. ACT STEPS UP: The Alliance for Competitive Taxation, one of several corporate coalitions dedicated to lobbying on tax reform, stepped up and backed the House GOP plan on Thursday, as your Morning Tax author noted. The group called the proposal bold, even as it acknowledged there are a lot of details left to fill. But the move apparently didn’t come without a price. ACT still has 37 members, but it looks like it lost four pretty heavyweight names — Cisco, FedEx, Nike and Wal-Mart — from its roster over the decision to back a plan with the controversial border adjustment framework. “There are a few companies who remain committed to tax reform, but decided they couldn’t continue with the coalition,” said one person with knowledge of the coalition’s workings, adding that there are still companies out there expressing an interest in joining. What does it mean? Certainly seems like proof, if you needed any more, that tax reform’s got better odds now than it has in the past few years. The tax reform coalitions, frequently featuring corporations from different sectors and with different business models, have been united on broad, gauzy principles like low rates and fewer tax preferences. Now they’re dealing with more specific frameworks that would make winners and losers out of their members, and Republican officials who are itching for a deal, so perhaps it shouldn’t be a surprise that the coalitions can’t keep everyone happy. ** A message from Americans for Tax Reform: Obamacare imposes more than one trillion dollars ($1,000,000,000,000) in higher taxes on middle class families including taxes on Health Savings Accounts, taxes on families with high medical bills, taxes on medical innovation, and taxes on health insurance. True repeal of Obamacare means repealing ALL Obamacare taxes. ** NEVER GONNA LET YOU GO: A faction of conservative House Republicans is doing a fair bit of looking back in addition to their work on Obamacare, a border wall and tax reform, as POLITICO’s Rachael Bade reports from the GOP retreat. Among the issues on the conservatives’ mind during a private meeting with Vice President Mike Pence: IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, who they still want out for his handling of the investigation into the agency’s tea party controversy. Pence said he’d look into it, but we’d be remiss if we didn’t put out that Trump has been awfully silent on the matter, having first met Koskinen more than 40 years ago on a New York real estate deal. SUPPLY SIDERS STRIKE BACK: Larry Kudlow of CNBC and Stephen Moore, an economic consultant with FreedomWorks, helped Trump craft his tax plan during the campaign — and now they’re worried Republicans won’t strike while the iron is hot. GOP lawmakers have said they’ll get to tax reform after they’re finished scrapping and replacing Obamacare, but Kudlow and Moore instead urged Trump in a Wall Street Journal op-ed to call for a big tax cut when he addresses Congress at the end of next month. How big a tax cut? Immediate expensing for all businesses and a rate cut down to between 15 percent and 20 percent, including for the pass-throughs that pay through the individual tax system, an idea that critics say would be ripe for gaming. Kudlow and Moore acknowledged the fears among some Republicans who want to do all of tax reform in one fell swoop, arguing that there’s only enough energy for one tax bill in the near future. But they counter: “Trying to rewrite the entire tax code without any Democratic support is a fool’s errand. The smart play is for Mr. Trump to save that fight for another day and deliver a big jobs plan to voters quickly.” MORE HOMEWORK: Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee found Steven Mnuchin’s answers to their questionnaire lacking, and want the Treasury secretary nominee to follow up with them, the Pro Financial Services team’s Zach Warmbrodt reports. And the Democrats want more than just information on OneWest, Mnuchin’s old bank that’s gotten some attention for its foreclosure practices. They also want to know more about Mnuchin’s thoughts on tax policy, pensions and financial regulation. LOOKING TO THE FUTURE: There are a few quirks in a new poll from the Salt Lake Tribune, but it’d be hard to spin this result as good for Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch – well over half of registered voters don’t want him to run in 2018, despite the fact that they’re roughly split on the quality of his performance, as Campaign Pro’s Kevin Robillard reports. Now, for the quirks: Utah voters were specifically reminded that Hatch would be up for an eighth term next year, should he decide to run. The survey also polled registered voters for a hypothetical matchup between Hatch and former Gov. Jon Huntsman, and Huntsman came out on top generally and among Republicans. (Did we mention that Huntsman’s brother owns the Salt Lake Tribune?) MORE IMMEDIATELY: Hatch and Brady were supposed to meet with Trump on Thursday in the Oval Office, at least according to the president’s daily schedule sent out by the White House. That would have marked two Oval Office visits in as many days for Hatch, but a White House spokeswoman said the meeting was postponed to allow Sen. Ron Wyden, the top Democrat on the Finance Committee, to attend as well. WHAT’S BEN CARDIN SAYING? The Maryland Democratic senator, a veteran tax writer, is quoted in a Bloomberg story on the House GOP plan as saying “I don’t think it works” and labeling border adjustability a consumption tax. The interesting thing there: You won’t find many bigger fans of a consumption tax on Capitol Hill than Cardin, who has long pushed for what he calls a “progressive consumption tax.” Cardin’s office says that he was only questioning whether the House GOP plan would get blessed by the World Trade Organization — a real question — when he called it a consumption tax. NO DAY BUT TODAY: Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla, directly broached the idea of a carbon tax in a meeting with Trump and business leaders on Monday, Bloomberg’s Kevin Cirilli reports. Musk has backed Rex Tillerson to be secretary of state — in part because the former ExxonMobil chief executive has at least sounded open to the idea of a carbon tax. (As it turns out, that’s probably more than can be said for those attending Monday’s White House meeting.) INTERNATIONAL UPDATE — DON’T FORGET ABOUT THE 1 PERCENT: U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May might have gotten a warm reception when she addressed GOP lawmakers in Philly, but Parliament members back home are warning her she needs to do a better job ensuring that the top 1 percent pay their fair share in taxes, Bloomberg reports. A cross-party panel found that income tax receipts from the wealthiest have fallen by more than 20 percent since 2009, and called on Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to find new ways to wring more revenue out of the wealthy. STATE NEWS — THE WAITING IS THE HARDEST PART: All the gridlock on federal tax reform is trickling down to hurt state revenues, because most states link their tax systems to the federal code, according to a group of experts that follow state policy. The current climate has businesses and individuals in a wait-and-see attitude, our Toby Eckert reports, perhaps delaying new equipment purchases or stock sales. “It’s the uncertainty that’s kind of killing states right now,” said Kim Rueben of the Urban Institute. QUICK LINKS — Trump’s got a lot to learn about Congress, and there are a lot of decisions to be made about tax reform. — NYT on the winners and losers from an import-based tax. — Chicago’s disposable bag tax is about to go into effect. DID YOU KNOW? Antelope Island, located in the Great Salt Lake, is actually best known for its herd of bison. ** A message from Americans for Tax Reform: Obamacare includes nearly 20 new or higher taxes that hit middle class families, raise the cost of healthcare, and reduce access to care. The law imposes a tax on employer provided care, a tax on innovative medicines and other treatments, a tax for failing to buy government-mandated insurance, a new tax on health insurance, a tax on medical devices, taxes on Health Savings Accounts and Flexible Spending Accounts and even a tax hike on Americans facing high medical bills. In total, these taxes exceed one trillion dollars ($1,000,000,000,000) over a decade. The Obamacare repeal process is moving forward. Many members of Congress campaigned on lower taxes and reducing the federal government’s involvement in healthcare. They can fulfill both campaign promises by repealing all of Obamacare’s $1,000,000,000,000 in higher taxes. True repeal of Obamacare means repealing ALL Obamacare taxes. ** « View Archives Authors: Bernie Becker bbecker@politico.com About The Author Bernie Becker is a tax reporter for POLITICO Pro, where he is primarily responsible for writing the Morning Tax tipsheet. He previously covered taxes for The Hill, and was an editorial assistant for The New York Times in Washington. A native of Martinsville, Va., Becker has degrees from the College of William and Mary and the University of Maryland. He now lives in Northwest D.C. with his wife and young daughter. His hobbies include running, reading history books, eating spicy food and watching his daughter chase his cat. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Melania Trump wins round in libel suit over blogger's 'escort' claims Trump’s Yuge Week One March for Life in the Trump era: A collection of photos from the day Anti-abortion marchers celebrate a new era under Trump Republicans warn Trump against lifting Russia sanctions Reversing course, Trump administration will continue Obamacare outreach McConnell warns Trump to back off on killing filibuster Trump Backs Mexico into a Corner How Trump's wall could beckon a global trade war Morning Tax - POLITICO Archive Friday, 1/27/17 Thursday, 1/26/17 Wednesday, 1/25/17 Tuesday, 1/24/17 Monday, 1/23/17 View the Full Morning Tax Archives » Politico Magazine Pro-Trump TV Network Has Big-League Dreams By Alfred Miller The Disastrous Consequences of Trump’s New Immigration Rules By Daniel Benjamin Trump Backs Mexico into a Corner By John M. Ackerman Trade Is More Powerful Than Donald Trump By Zachary Karabell More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content This Just In Headlines News Sports Obituaries Business Events Calendar Galleries Campaign Trail Post navigation ← Previous Next → George P. Stephen, 87 Posted on January 27, 2017 by rbosworth George P. Stephen, age 87, a longtime Quincy resident, entered Eternal Life on Wednesday, January 25, 2017 at the Colonial Rehabilitation and Nursing Center in Weymouth. George Stephen George was born in Quincy on Sept. 21, 1929, to the late George and Mary (Paul) Stephen. He was raised in Quincy and was a graduate of Quincy High School, Class of 1947, and later graduated from Northeastern University. He had lived in Quincy for most of his life and previously lived several years in Weymouth and Rockland. He was an insurance underwriter for many years and had retired from the U.S.F. & G. Insurance Company of Boston and Quincy. He also worked as a security guard for Apollo Security for several years and enjoyed being a “greeter” at the Quincy Wal-Mart. He proudly served in the U.S. Army as a sergeant during the Korean War and was stationed in Okinawa. George was a lifelong active member of the First Presbyterian Church in Quincy where he served as financial secretary, deacon, elder and was also a member of the choir. A favorite song, “Keep Right On to the End of the Road,” and various hymns kept his heart and mind trusting his Lord throughout his illness. Being of Scottish descent from Aberdeen, he was proud of his Scottish heritage and served as chief of Clan MacGregor and secretary of the MacGregor Permanent Charitable Trust. George’s loving concern for family and friends will be missed by all. Beloved husband for fifty-five years of Emily A. (MacKenzie) Stephen. Devoted brother of Alice Heyes and her husband Walter of Barre, MA. Dear uncle of Stephen Heyes and his wife Sandi of Ashby, MA, Diane Bowne of Leominster, Mary Carver and her husband Jonathan of Moultonborough, NH, and Catherine Hellige and her husband Daniel of Quincy, IL. George is survived by many grandnieces and grandnephews, his cousin, Philip Leth and family of Quincy and his friend and neighbor, Joan MacDonald of Quincy. Funeral Services will be conducted at the First Presbyterian Church, 270 Franklin Street, Quincy on Tuesday, January 31st at 11 o’clock. Reverend Donald P. Hammond will officiate. Relatives and friends are invited to attend. Visiting Hours at the Sweeney Brothers Home for Funerals, 1 Independence Avenue, Quincy on Monday from 4 – 7 p.m. Interment with Military Honors at Mount Wollaston Cemetery in Quincy. For those who wish, donations in George’s memory may be made to the First Presbyterian Church Scholarship Fund, 270 Franklin Street, Quincy, MA 02169. You are invited to visit www.thesweeneybrothers.com or call 617-472-6344. This entry was posted in Obituaries by rbosworth. Bookmark the permalink. About Us Staff Directory Newsstands Quincy Sun Archive Copyright 2012 The Quincy Sun
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Policy & Politics Published on January 27th, 2017 | by John Farrell 0 Video: Choices Within Monopoly — A Grid Of The Future Conversation With Jon Wellinghoff January 27th, 2017 by John Farrell  Originally published at ilsr.org. In November 2015, Jon Wellinghoff, former chair of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, spoke to the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission about the grid of the future. In particular, he addressed the issue of giving customers meaningful choices within a monopoly grid model, present in Minnesota and 34 other states. In the following video, he outlines the five key principles for guiding the rules of the 21st century electricity system. A Time of Change The first thing Wellinghoff addressed was the changing nature of the electricity system: We have central station plants around distribution systems that were vertically integrated monopolies that provided reliable, safe, and markedly affordable power for us all. Those are legacy systems that are changing He noted that electricity sales have leveled off in recent years, a great sign of increasing efficiency but a problem for sales-hungry electric utilities: It’s very disruptive to utilities. The fact is this efficiency improvement is happening everywhere. Last October, I was in Tuscany walking in a very ancient city at the top of that hill. My wife and I, away from all cares and all technologies, until I saw a street light and I looked up at the street light, it was an LED. There was an LED streetlight in this whole city in Tuscany. I think, “Boy, this technology is going everywhere.” We’ve seen far more technological innovation within other industries. Wellinghoff suggested that if you drive by a substation, there’s far more evidence of modern technology in your car than in the grid equipment. Other industries saw innovation because, Competitive forces have created opportunities in [other] industries to advance them, to optimize them, to make them more efficient. We have to figure out how to do this in our electric industry as well. Providing market mechanisms is important because customers already have a chance to spend their own money to capture energy savings: It will happen because it’s just money sitting on the table. Question is, where can you go out and get 12% return on your investment on a fairly guaranteed basis over 20 years? Anybody want to take that? Anybody else because … I took it out of my house in Berkeley and I put it to these solar panels on my roof. The consumers are making these choices. Regardless of what is done on the utility side of the meter, consumers want solar, they’re putting solar in. Markets Within Monopolies Wellinghoff began with a discussion of how meaningful market-based mechanisms can be used within monopoly markets like Minnesota. This matters for the 35 states that still have vertically-integrated monopoly utilities, shown below. He gave an illustration using the map of market prices for MISO, the grid operator for the Midwest. Already, there is a working market for wholesale electricity, pricing electricity based on its availability by location (called the “locational marginal price”). But he suggested another way to view the map: “If you look at this and then you overlay over this every Walmart in the Midwest. Think about if the Walmarts there could have accessed those market prices what they would have done and how they would have changed the operations in those stores, in those locations where prices were near zero versus where the prices were $200 per megawatt-hour. What they could have done with their operations, their HVAC systems, to have optimized their operation and by doing that, help to optimize the overall market. But right now we don’t have that real interface between the retail market and wholesale market.” In California, one way to integrate the retail and wholesale levels is with distribution resource planning. They are mapping their distribution grid system just like the wholesale market is mapping the transmission system, and getting granular data on pricing by location. If you were to put in place market mechanisms that would help consumers put in distributed resources in appropriate locations that these prices can be mobilized and you can optimize the system and lower costs overall. There’s a big opportunity as customers install their own generation, says Wellinghoff. We have to…figure out how to coordinate and collaborate between the [wholesale and retail levels] because now that we have distributed resources that are being put in at the consumer level. I believe that those resources should not be isolated by that meter simply for the use by consumers. Consumers should have the opportunity, if they want to, to use those resources for larger grid support for things like voltage and VAR support at a local level, reduction of congestion at the local level. Electric vehicles are a powerful technological opportunity to serve consumers and the grid simultaneously. Wellinghoff provided an example from the PJM market area in the mid-Atlantic. If you happen to have an electric car, we should plug that electric car in and charge it and while you’re charging that car …. you can send a signal within the car …to have that car, not only charge, but as it’s charging provide regulation service off the grid. Just like a combustion turbine. In fact, not only just like a combustion turbine, better than a combustion turbine because it can respond instantly to injections in and withdraws out and can do it very quickly and very small increments. The thing is, you get paid for it. You get paid $5-7 per car, per day. That’s a lot of money. That’s a lot of money you can use to offset the cost of that new Tesla… Five Principles for “Grid Neutrality” Wellinghoff wrapped up his presentation with five principles for designing the right rules for the 21st century electric system (you can read more about them here and see how they overlap with ILSR’s principles for Energy Democracy). Empower the consumer – give customers the ability to manage their individual energy needs, giving them choices. Demarcate and protect the commons – Establish clear boundaries for public and private interest. Consider operating the distribution system as we do the transmission system, with an independent operator. Align risks and rewards – allocate risks to those able to accept them, contain the cost of risks to those who take them. Is it better for utilities to deploy voltage control technology, for example, or to allow customers to invest in solar with inverters that does the same, with their own money and receive a rebate for that value? Create a transparent, level playing field – promote open standards, data access, and transparency. Provide maps of where value can best be added to the distribution system, for example. Foster open grid access – allow anyone who meets basic standards contribute value to the grid, without discrimination. A Big Opportunity Wellinghoff wrapped up his presentation with a powerful anecdote of the opportunity and why we sometimes fail to seize it. If you ask the classic economist, the classic economist will tell you that there no $20 bills laying on the ground, because if there were, somebody would pick them up. Well here, I’m on the subway, on the BART, going from Berkeley to San Francisco. …I look down on the floor and I see this. It’s a dollar bill on the floor. I look at her, look at the guy in front of me. He looks at me. We all look at each other, but does anybody lean down and pick up the dollar bill? Nobody. Nobody leaned down to get the dollar bill. We were on that subway for fifteen minutes, and nobody picked the dollar bill There’s billions of dollar bills laying around in the electric system. Billions of them just laying there to be picked up, but that doesn’t mean that everybody is going to go out there and pick them up. It’s your job and regulators jobs to figure out how to pick them up as most efficiently as possible. For timely updates, follow John Farrell on Twitter or get the Energy Democracy weekly update. Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: distribution grid, electric grid, electric utility, FERC, grid neutrality, grid planning, Renewable Energy, video About the Author John Farrell directs the Democratic Energy program at ILSR and he focuses on energy policy developments that best expand the benefits of local ownership and dispersed generation of renewable energy. His seminal paper, Democratizing the Electricity System, describes how to blast the roadblocks to distributed renewable energy generation, and how such small-scale renewable energy projects are the key to the biggest strides in renewable energy development.   Farrell also authored the landmark report Energy Self-Reliant States, which serves as the definitive energy atlas for the United States, detailing the state-by-state renewable electricity generation potential. Farrell regularly provides discussion and analysis of distributed renewable energy policy on his blog, Energy Self-Reliant States (energyselfreliantstates.org), and articles are regularly syndicated on Grist and Renewable Energy World.   John Farrell can also be found on Twitter @johnffarrell, or at jfarrell@ilsr.org. Related Posts Competition & Freedom At Stake — Episode 37 Of Local Energy Rules Podcast → As Trump Heads To White House, Lack Of Actual Policy Threatens US Energy Future → Beyond Sharing Report – Part 3: Exceptional Community-Owned Renewable Energy Projects → Stunning Video Of Earth By NASA Astronaut Shares Beauty Of Our Big Blue Marble → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 35 ... Followers Follow ▲ 69 ... Fans Like ▲ 8 ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Fans Follow ... Followers Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica Construction On World's Largest Solar Project To Begin Soon Finding The Elusive Prius Prime (+ Toyota Prius Prime Review) Will Teslas Be Capable Of Fully Autonomous Driving Within Only 6 Months? (#ElonTweets) US Navy Hilariously Trolls Trump On Facebook And Guess What Happens Next! 3 Charts That Illustrate Why Climate Change Is World’s Biggest Risk MHI Vestas Unveils New 9 Megawatt Wind Turbine Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts & Mugs! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. Follow @cleantechnica The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu U.S. Cellular Adds Value to Its Simple Connect and Ready Connect Prepaid Offerings 27 January 2017Military News CHICAGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–U.S. Cellular is adding more plans and more high-speed data to its highly competitive prepaid offerings. Its popular $45 Simple Connect Prepaid plan now comes with 3GB of high-speed data, the $60 plan now comes with 6GB of high-speed data, and there is a new 12GB high-speed data plan for $75. For a limited time, U.S. Cellular’s Ready Connect Prepaid offering, available in stores such as Walmart and Dollar General, has added value with high-speed data on the $45 (4GB), $55 (8GB) and $75 (12GB) plans. In addition, Ready Connect customers can receive $10 off of the $75 plan and $5 off the $45 and $55 plans when signing up for autopay. All plans $35 and above on Simple Connect and Ready Connect continue to come with unlimited talk and text. “February and March are popular months for prepaid wireless purchases, so our updated plans provide an even better experience to our current customers as well as any consumers looking for a better prepaid deal,” said Grant Leech, vice president of brand management for U.S. Cellular. “With these value-packed plans and access to an award-winning high-speed 4G LTE data network, our customers have the freedom to use their phones as they choose and not worry about going over their plans.” With U.S. Cellular’s prepaid plans, customers never run out of data with unlimited 1X data while on the carrier’s network, and there are no contracts, credit checks, overage charges or activation fees. Prepaid customers can also add unlimited talk and text to Mexico and Canada for $10 per month. To learn more about U.S. Cellular’s prepaid plans, visit www.uscellular.com/prepaid. New U.S. Cellular Simple Connect Plans:       $30     $35     $45     $60     $75 High-Speed     $0.03/MB     500MB     3GB     6GB     12GB Data                               Talk/ 500 Min UNL UNL UNL UNL Text     UNL Text                           New U.S. Cellular Ready Connect Promotional Plans:       $25     $35     $40*     $50*     $65* High-Speed     1GB     1GB     4GB     8GB     12GB Data                               Talk/ 100 Min UNL UNL UNL UNL Text     UNL Text                         *with autopay discount Additional terms, conditions and/or charges may apply. See uscellular.com for details. 4G LTE service may be provided through King Street Wireless, a partner of U.S. Cellular. LTE is a trademark of ETSI. About King Street Wireless, L.P. King Street Wireless, L.P. is partnering with U.S. Cellular to deliver high-speed 4G LTE service to U.S. Cellular’s customers in most of its markets. Headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia, King Street Wireless holds 700 MHz wireless spectrum in 27 states. King Street is a recognized leader in its community through its economic development and philanthropic efforts. To learn more about King Street Wireless, visit www.kingstreetwireless.com. About U.S. Cellular U.S. Cellular is the fifth-largest full-service wireless carrier in the United States, providing national network coverage and industry-leading innovations designed to elevate the customer experience. The Chicago-based carrier offers coverage where the other carriers don’t and a wide range of communication services that enhance consumers’ lives, increase the competitiveness of local businesses and improve the efficiency of government operations. U.S. Cellular has the Highest Wireless Network Quality Performance in the North Central Region, according to the J.D. Power 2016 U.S. Wireless Network Quality Performance Study, and 99 percent of customers have access to 4G LTE speeds. To learn more about U.S. Cellular, visit one of its retail stores or uscellular.com. To get the latest news, promos and videos, connect with U.S. Cellular on Facebook.com/uscellular, Twitter.com/uscellular and YouTube.com/uscellularcorp. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged carrier general service Uncategorized Post navigation Dominion Dealer Solutions Launches Redesigned Inventory Mobile App for Appraisal Data Riassunto: HealthCare Royalty Partners annuncia un nuovo dirigente medico (CMO), promozioni a livello senior e ulteriore espansione regionale Search Search for: Recent Posts Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America New Floors from Syracuse Flooring America Transform Any Room Quickly & Efficiently Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
null
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jan 27, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education what now photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Presenting sponsor co-sponsor partner US President Trump says Mexico will pay for border wall: Is it even possible? world Updated: Jan 27, 2017 19:51 IST AP Urban fencing on the border between the US and Mexico at El Nido del Aguila, outskirts of Tijuana, northwestern Mexico.(AFP File Photo) US President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: A 20% tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff, or something else? It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20% tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the US than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for US companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment”. Under this plan, the US would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering US corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. What does this mean for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. Read | Mexico President cancels US visit after Trump’s comments on border wall A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. US exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto pauses during a press conference at the Los Pinos presidential residence in Mexico City. (AP File Photo) Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as WalMart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The US could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Would it raise enough money to pay for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it legal? To be determined. The US has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalises its economy. Read | Build Mexico wall: US President Trump’s executive orders on immigration Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. US President Donald Trump signs an executive order to start the Mexico border wall project at the Department of Homeland Security facility in Washington, DC. (AFP Photo) Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. How would it affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase US wages, help US businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the US-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Do Republicans like Trump’s plan? Not all of them. Republican Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea”. Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the US send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the US between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the US would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when travelling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or cancelling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. tags Donald Trump US President President Trump Mexico border wall Mexico-US border more from world Russian lawmakers back easing punishment for some form of domestic abuse Jan 27, 2017 19:45 IST US economic growth slows to 1.9% in fourth quarter Jan 27, 2017 19:31 IST Confessions of a rampant dataholic Promotional feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Uttarakhand election: Congress asks ‘disappointed’ ticket seekers not to contest against party Jan 27, 2017 19:34 IST Second unit ready for nuclear power generation at Kudankulam Jan 27, 2017 19:30 IST Bomb hurled near CPI(M) meet in Kannur: 10 BJP, RSS workers taken into... Jan 27, 2017 19:26 IST Bharat Rang Mahotsav 2017: No plays from Pakistan or China at... Jan 27, 2017 19:13 IST Food regulator frames unsafe food-recall policy Jan 27, 2017 19:32 IST President Mukherjee accepts resignation of Meghalaya governor... Jan 27, 2017 18:25 IST Water levels in 91 reservoirs across dip to 51% of their... Jan 27, 2017 18:33 IST US President Trump says Mexico will pay for border wall: Is it even possible? Jan 27, 2017 19:51 IST Russian lawmakers back easing punishment for some form of domestic... Jan 27, 2017 19:45 IST US economic growth slows to 1.9% in fourth quarter Jan 27, 2017 19:31 IST Abu Dhabi positions itself as the Sunni alternative Jan 27, 2017 19:42 IST Beijing urges officials to not burst crackers during Spring Festival Jan 27, 2017 18:48 IST 10 civilians killed in Turkish strikes in IS-held Syria, says rights... Jan 27, 2017 18:16 IST CIA reported six sightings of UFOs over India, Bhutan and Nepal Jan 27, 2017 19:11 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi To get heard in poll season, leaders still rely on loudspeakers Jan 27, 2017 19:36 IST Custom-made kurtas to branded khadi: Netas high on style this election Jan 27, 2017 19:31 IST Romancing at Talkatora: Delhi’s Chashme Baddoor garden will be... Jan 27, 2017 18:34 IST UP elections: Only 10 women fielded from Gautam Budh Nagar district... Jan 27, 2017 19:03 IST Gurgaon: US- based doctor duped by Delhi domestic help agency Jan 27, 2017 19:50 IST Heavy rainfall affects work to restore power in Gurgaon Jan 27, 2017 17:48 IST UP election: Violence-hit Dadri sees first-ever Muslim woman... Jan 27, 2017 18:34 IST Bihar ex-CM Manjhi lodges case over fake Twitter account Jan 27, 2017 16:43 IST Top five stories from Mumbai you shouldn’t miss Jan 27, 2017 16:25 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors A differential rate of GST on services is a bad idea Jan 27, 2017 18:13 IST The inside story of Rahul-Akhilesh alliance for UP polls Jan 27, 2017 18:11 IST Political appointees to PSU boards undermines Modi’s push for... Jan 27, 2017 17:23 IST Sexist leaders like Yadav, Katiyar, need lessons in gender sensitivity Jan 27, 2017 14:45 IST Shah Rukh Khan, don’t blame the media if we don’t have an... Jan 27, 2017 16:55 IST Sri Lanka confident ahead of first ODI encounter against South Africa Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST India vs England series turning point of career, says Kedar Jadhav Jan 27, 2017 17:43 IST South Africa pacer Lungi Ngidi ruled out for ODI series against Sri... Jan 27, 2017 15:48 IST Matthew Wade appointed Australia skipper for New Zealand ODIs Jan 27, 2017 15:39 IST David Warner leaves AB de Villiers, Virat Kohli behind to attain No.1... Jan 27, 2017 17:46 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa FC Barcelona to face Atletico Madrid in Copa del Rey semifinals Jan 27, 2017 19:39 IST English football child abuse scandal: Police arrest man in his 70s Jan 27, 2017 19:37 IST Sri Lanka confident ahead of first ODI encounter against South Africa Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST Russian Weightlifting Federation withdraws CAS appeal against... Jan 27, 2017 18:35 IST Abhinav Bindra appointed chairman of Target Olympic Podium (TOP)... Jan 27, 2017 18:18 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Ali Fazal asks fans to send their love stories; may compile a book from it Jan 27, 2017 19:49 IST Good work always fails on television: Pallavi Joshi Jan 27, 2017 19:44 IST There’s nothing wrong in asking for work: Sana Khan Jan 27, 2017 19:42 IST Bigg Boss 10, episode 103 preview: The show’s almost over, the... Jan 27, 2017 19:38 IST Good girls don’t cut their hair short, says who? The glamour... Jan 27, 2017 19:27 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend #nowtrending: Sari-torial story takes a different turn on and off the ramp Jan 27, 2017 19:39 IST Not trending: Style statements to avoid in 2017 Jan 27, 2017 19:35 IST Here are 7 ways to take the boredom out of your popcorn Jan 27, 2017 19:29 IST Love reading? Sign up for theme based book boxes Jan 27, 2017 19:18 IST Bharat Rang Mahotsav 2017: No plays from Pakistan or China at... Jan 27, 2017 19:13 IST Scared of losing your Apple AirPods? Here is how to track it with iOS 10.3 Jan 27, 2017 19:33 IST LG G6 may abandaon removable battery for water-resistant body, to come... Jan 27, 2017 19:11 IST Google banned 1.7 billion ‘misleading’ ads in 2016 Jan 27, 2017 18:13 IST Aadhaar enrolment at 111 crore, fetched Rs 36,144 crore savings:... Jan 27, 2017 17:41 IST Xiaomi slips over lack of innovation as Oppo, Vivo lead in China:... Jan 27, 2017 17:36 IST Over 50% cybercrime victims fail to recover lost money: Report Jan 27, 2017 17:01 IST Facebook introduces ‘security key’ to protect data Jan 27, 2017 15:44 IST JKBOSE Class 10 exam 2016: Jammu (Winter Zone) results declared, check them here Jan 27, 2017 19:45 IST UPSC CDS Exam (I) 2016 final results declared, check them here Jan 27, 2017 17:59 IST CBSE changes dates of Class 10, 12 examination 2017, check them here Jan 27, 2017 19:00 IST BJP Puducherry unit backs centre’s decision on NEET Jan 27, 2017 15:41 IST India love: when Harvard and Tata Trusts joined hands for survival of... Jan 26, 2017 17:15 IST Republic Day parade: India’s military might, culture on display Jan 26, 2017 21:47 IST Tricolour lights up night sky as India celebrates 68th Republic Day Jan 26, 2017 15:20 IST Marching down Rajpath: Beating retreat rehearsal begins Jan 25, 2017 10:36 IST Colours of patriotism: Getting the Tricolour ready for R-Day in Mumbai Jan 25, 2017 09:39 IST R-Day rehearsals show the many colours of India Jan 23, 2017 12:53 IST PM Modi slams Congress, calls it a ‘sinking boat’ Jan 27, 2017 19:16 IST Punjab elections: Rahul Gandhi names Captain Amarinder as Congress CM candidate Jan 27, 2017 17:21 IST After Jallikattu, people protest ban on buffalo racing, Kambala Jan 27, 2017 15:28 IST Blackbuck case | Salman to record statement before court today Jan 27, 2017 13:43 IST Caught on camera: Mother flings infant son down the stairs in Delhi Jan 27, 2017 15:07 IST education business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Artificial Intelligence Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 Apple joins Amazon, Facebook, Google, IBM and Microsoft in AI initiative H2O’s Deep Water puts deep learning in the hands of enterprise users Browse more... donald trump Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump The future of American jobs lies with the tech industry Browse more... United States Trump order strips privacy rights from non-U.S. citizens, could nix EU-US data flows The risky business of Trump the twittering president Elon Musk actually believes Rex Tillerson could be an “excellent” Secretary of State Browse more... business Elon Musk could soon share more on his plan to help humans keep up with AI Elon Musk actually believes Rex Tillerson could be an “excellent” Secretary of State Court won’t reconsider DOJ argument in Microsoft customer data case Browse more... Why even the best tech couldn’t give us a precise inauguration headcount Posted Jan 23, 2017 by John Mannes (@JohnMannes) 0 SHARES Next Story Breathometer ordered to refund purchases of its breathalyzers as part of FTC settlement Alternative facts aside, attendance at President Trump’s inauguration was low. Citing crowd scientists from Manchester Metropolitan University in Britain, the New York Times reported an estimated 160,000 people attended Mr.Trump’s speech. Yet the administration continues to unrealistically assert that attendance was considerably higher. The President claimed between a million and 1.5 million attended the event during his talk at the CIA without providing supporting evidence — between photos and academic estimates, we can safely say this wasn’t the case. But in the interest of precision, we decided to shake some trees in the geospatial analytics space to understand why a headcount remains elusive, even with today’s advanced technologies. Companies like Orbital Insight and Descartes Labs make their money finding answers to arcane problems like this by pumping satellite imagery and accompanying data into complex machine learning models to derive insights and forecasts. It seemed intuitive that a technology that can count cars in a Walmart parking lot to predict company financials in advance of a 10-K filing could also count heads on the National Mall. Yet, despite being a seemingly obvious use case, providers have remained silent about inauguration attendance Descartes Labs CEO Mark Johnson told TechCrunch that the problem isn’t one of technological capability. Existing satellites from DigitalGlobe and Airbus actually do provide imagery with high enough spacial resolution to analyze crowd density. But even a $750 million satellite can be thwarted by clouds. Thick clouds obfuscated Washington, D.C. on both inauguration day and the day of the Women’s March. “There are sensors that can see through clouds like Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), but those instruments are rare,” added Johnson. Aside from the weather, frequency and timing of orbit for the satellites used in geospatial imaging further prevented an accurate crowd count. President Trump’s speech only lasted about 20 minutes. Satellites like WorldView-4 from DigitalGlobe move at over 17,000 mph, its difficult to time an image capture at just the right time. There is a lot of variability when tasking an imaging satellite to capture an image. Plus or minus even a short amount of time and people could argue that the count was off as a result of timing. This gets even harder if you need to capture multiple images of a single event within a restricted window of time. “Most high-resolution satellites are “tasked” to take pictures of particular locations by clients and you can’t guarantee the exact time you take the picture,” noted Johnson. An obvious answer would be to capture imagery closer to the ground with a drone, but it would have been just about impossible to fly a drone over the U.S. Capital on such a high-profile day. “The National Capital Region is governed by a Special Flight Rules Area (SFRA) within a 30-mile radius of Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, which restricts all flights in the greater DC area,” according to the Federal Aviation Administration. Within 15 miles of Reagan National Airport, no unmanned aircraft are allow to fly without specific FAA authorization which would have been a hard sell given the high-security of the event and the number of VIPs in attendance. So yes, geospatial analytics absolutely could put an end to this kerfuffle, but technological capability isn’t everything — bad weather and heavy regulation don’t mix. Featured Image: PAUL J. RICHARDS / Staff 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Donald J. Trump Bio Donald John Trump (born June 14, 1946) is an American business magnate, investor, author, television personality and the newly elected President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election. He is the chairman and president of The Trump Organization, and the founder of Trump Entertainment Resorts. Trump's career, branding efforts, lifestyle and outspoken manner helped make him a celebrity, … Full profile for Donald J. Trump Insights.US Founded 2010 Overview Insights.US helps organizations get professional advice directly from their stakeholders. Our decision making tool turns the wisdom of clients, employees and citizens into advice decision makers can use. The collective insights helps organizations to improve their performance, solve problems and deliver change. Bootstrapped in 2010, Insights’ decision making tool has turned 400,000 stakeholders … Location Ramat Gan, 05 Categories Crowdsourcing, Innovation Management Website http://insights.us Full profile for Insights.US Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes donald trump United States business Artificial Intelligence Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 17 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago | Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago | Josh Constine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Breathometer ordered to refund purchases of its breathalyzers as part of FTC settlement Posted Jan 23, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Galaxy S8 Coming in March 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 9 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 10 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 11 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 11 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 12 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 12 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 13 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 13 hours ago by Brian Heater
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° Munster, IN (46321) Today Snow showers developing late. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening. A few snow showers developing late. Low 24F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of snow 30%. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 5:55 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Amid controversy, Washington to step down as Lake Council VP Close The Associated Press White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to reporters on Air Force One en route to Andrews Air Force Base, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, from Philadelphia. Spicer says that taxing imports from Mexico would generate $10 billions a year and "easily pay for the wall." (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) AP urgent Questions abound after Trump says tax will pay for wall By JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK Associated Press Associated Press Jan 27, 2017 Updated 37 min ago The Associated Press White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to reporters on Air Force One en route to Andrews Air Force Base, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, from Philadelphia. Spicer says that taxing imports from Mexico would generate $10 billions a year and "easily pay for the wall." (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP +2 Trump plan for tax on Mexico exports raises eyebrows in Asia TOKYO — Talk of a possible 20 percent tax on U.S. imports from Mexico raised eyebrows Friday… +3 In Trump's White House, a day of confusion and change WASHINGTON — A meeting with a senator vanished from the White House schedule. A ceremonial e… +4 Trump voters thrilled with promised action on border wall PHOENIX — President Donald Trump's announcement that he is taking steps toward building a U.… Trump's choice for labor secretary outsourced jobs WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's pick for labor secretary outsourced his fast-food company's technology department to the Philippines, a … +4 The Latest: Vet Affairs Dept says it can hire despite freeze WASHINGTON — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST): Related to this topic Photos: The last days of the typewriter in India Photos: Historic high hit at the stock exchange Photos: Inside a North Korean silk factory SLIDESHOW: Who's hiring in NWI? The 50 most-fined companies for hazardous workplace conditions Tags Business General News Government And Politics National Taxes Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Government Business And Finance National Governments Visible Trade International Trade Economy Legislature Trade Policy Economic Policy Government Policy Trade Barriers Free Trade Global Trade Tax Reform Associated Press The AP is one of the largest and most trusted sources of independent newsgathering, supplying a steady stream of news to its members, international subscribers and commercial customers. Follow Associated Press Close Get email notifications on Associated Press daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Associated Press posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Associated Press Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Latest in section Bolivia: 19 miners trapped inside mine are rescued Feds: 2 charged in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows Nebraska bills aim to make online retailers pay sales tax South Shore learns lessons from icing incident Ryan sidesteps Trump's goal of health coverage for all More on this topic Bolivia: 19 miners trapped inside mine are rescued Feds: 2 charged in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows Nebraska bills aim to make online retailers pay sales tax Ryan sidesteps Trump's goal of health coverage for all Super Bowl ticket prices down and could drop even more Most Popular on nwi.com Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +40 Lifestyles Photos: Menswear at Paris Fashion Week Movies The 55 worst action movies of all time National News A breakdown of executive orders issued by recent presidents The fabulous freshmen: Talented and prepared Super Bowl against Pats 'dream game' for Falcons' Dimitroff No. 7 Arizona gets big boost from Trier's return 'Hamilton' cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Be Your Very Best by Diana Govert 102 South Union Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Snow & Ice Pros Inc. Call 888-SNOWPRO 2311 165th street, Hammond, IN 46320 Ads Wahlberg Photography Studio Inc. Serving Northwest Indiana, Cedar Lake , IN 46303 Ads Tequila Restaurante 110 S Main St, Crown Point, IN 46307 Products Business Directory Latest Local Offers Judd & Son Chimney Service, Inc. Before you invest, check the vents! Call Judd & Son for a chimney inspection on your new home before you sign! 219-365-0099 Updated 6 hrs ago TLC Plumbing, INC Call TLC Plumbing for all of your Sump Pump and Sewer Services Updated 3 hrs ago Snow & Ice Pros Inc. Northwest Indiana's Finest Commercial Snow Removal Service Updated 6 hrs ago B&E Recreation B&E Recreation is now offering Fast, Friendly, Credit Union Financing! Updated Jan 26, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Columnists Ex-Factor The Ken Collums Show Opinion Columns Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Features Voices from the Hill Life ArtsBlog FoodBlog Multimedia Videos Panoramics Photo Galleries Police Log Print Edition You are here: Home / Features / Back in Black: Pour Man’s Coffee rises above humble beginnings Other Features: Seeing Obama: The legacy of the first black president From Downtown: Mason enters record books as ACU’s three-point queen Back and Better: Grau turns comeback season into best yet with first-team accolades Pour Man's Coffee brews up good coffee and good vibes during COBA Chapel on Wednesday. Back in Black: Pour Man’s Coffee rises above humble beginnings January 27, 2017 by Allison Brown Leave a Comment The menu is small but mighty – one-size-fits-all, no cream, no sugar, no blended, syrupy concoctions called by some version of the word ‘frappe.’ With only black coffee on the lineup, the men of Pour Man’s Coffee are bringing their customers the richest coffee in town. David Neill and Daniel Sotelo, both recent ACU graduates, started out on this mission to bring good and simple black coffee to Abilene in April 2016. They set up their pop-up shop at local businesses, like Betty and June, The Mill and Lone Star Dry Goods. As their mission states, they want to “forge coffee enthusiasm through veracious vibes.” Neill – tall, skinny, scruffy, tattooed on his right arm, and newly married – is a Bible major by training. The Chicago native came to college knowing only Starbucks’ version of coffee. Business partner Sotelo graduated with a degree in interdisciplinary studies: business, psychology and education. His straight dark hair gets lighter on the ends and hits right above his shoulders. Hailing from Abilene, Sotelo gives off an Austin sort of vibe, the hipster kind. The two were working together at the young Beltway Coffee Company when they discovered a coffee business could be simple and stripped down. In April, they went on a field trip with other Beltway baristas to tour Dallas coffee shops. They noticed they had just been trying to copy Starbucks at their north Abilene shop with a complicated menu and too many options. “We started to realize coffee didn’t need all of that,” Neill said. “I had thought about what if I did something on the weekends, and Daniel said ‘Dude, let’s do this together. So we started ordering a ton of coffee.” Their inspiration? Grammy-winning rapper Kendrick Lamar, known for his social commentary, his music pushing back against mainstream pop, bringing messages and content stripped down to pure form. In the same way, Neill and Sotelo want to push against Starbucks. “We want to be the hip hop of coffee,” Sotelo said. “Starbucks is the Walmart of coffee. There is no appreciation for actual coffee. It’s all about money. You are a number.” “We are all in this together to destroy the man,” Neill echoed. Ideas for a business started brewing, and by May, Neill and Sotelo launched Pour Man’s Coffee Stand. They originally planned on opening a coffee trailer but wanted a more open-air vibe for the stand. Because of Abilene’s food truck requirement that trailers have to be enclosed with four walls, Pour Man’s initially hit a few obstacles securing a permit. After a few months of talking with the city, Neill and Sotelo finally worked out an agreement they could set up inside of other businesses as well as outside on their own. Their coffee stand, built by Abilene-based woodworker Forrest Harmel, has spots for up to six cups to brew simultaneously. When a customer steps up to Pour Man’s stand to order, Neill and Sotelo describe the daily bean offerings and the taste notes – subtle undertones of different flavors – customers can expect to find. The offerings change every time they set up shop, but customers can expect to find beans like the Kenyan, with the sweet fruity notes of black currant and strawberry in the African soil, or the Honduran, with the orangey, chocolaty finish and toffee undertones. Neill weighs the chocolaty Honduran beans down to the gram. With the touch of a button, the grinder whirs them into a course, brown powder. Sotelo heats the water in a pewter kettle with a topsy turvy sort of spout. He prepares the filter in a clear conical basket and places the off-white cup below, ready to collect the fresh brew. The grounds tumble into the filter and Neill begins to pour. He tilts the spout, pouring in only a little hot water at first to let the grounds bloom. Then in one circular swirling motion, the water covers the freshly ground beans and begins to drip through the porous paper. For two minutes, the water travels through the saturated beans, drawing down with it the taste notes and coveted caffeine the customers crave. Steam curls off the surface of the finished cup and as customers take their first sips, Neill and Sotelo explain what they should be tasting – the subtle pop of mandarin orange peel, the smooth finish of toffee, the chocolate note smelting on the tongue if held there long enough. The Pour Men can’t make a living selling coffee at $4.50 a cup, at least not yet. When not brewing at the stand, Neill works at the ACU Call Center and Sotelo still works as a barista at Beltway. “A lot of people thought they would fail, but they are not failing,” said Bree Foster. Foster, senior psychology major from Rockwall, redheaded vegan and quality control administrator at Beltway Coffee Company, has worked with both Neill and Sotelo. She is in the same vein of rich coffee subculture in Abilene. She cares about the quality of beans, she believes in lattes. She is passionate for a return to the Italian tradition of coffee grounds, water and milk being the only ingredients allowed on the menu. Foster has watched the idea of Pour Man’s grow since its inception on that work field trip to Dallas. She has taken over for Neill as manager and continues to support Pour Man’s business. “I think they take a lot of care into what they are producing,” Foster said. “They are just doing it really organically and it’s not like they can get any better because they are already doing it the right way. They are true to the originality of what it means to make coffee.” More than making good coffee, Pour Man’s is a part of a larger trend that’s happened over the last few years: making Abilene cool, as Neill and Sotelo say. Right in line with emerging street art downtown and establishments like Abi Haus, Betty and June, Lone Star Dry Goods and Vagabond Pizza, Pour Man’s is pouring into local culture, specifically targeting post-college residents in their 20s. “It’s our responsibility to make Abilene cool,” Neill said.“The demographic of Abilene is like college kids and then 30 year olds. There’s no 20-somethings, but we can create that if we want.” According to the U.S. Census’ 2010-2014 American Community Survey 5-Year Estimates, the median age of Abilene is 31.3 years. 11.9 percent of Abilene’s population in 2014 was made up of 20-24 year olds, three percentage points higher than the 8.9 percent of 24-29 year olds. “I think Abilene is ripe for change and creativity,” Sotelo said. “We recognize that and I think that’s why our business is being received well. It’s moving in that direction. Local business isn’t just like a joke anymore. If there’s a place you want to build something, Abilene is it.” Pour over rich – that’s the real goal for Neill and Sotelo. More than how many cups they sell or other shops they compete with, they are cultivating more than veracious vibes. They operate from a mentality of abundance: that good coffee beans paired with hot water and Abilene, is enough. Filed Under: Features, Showcase About Allison Brown Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. You are here: Home / Features / Back in Black: Pour Man’s Coffee rises above humble beginnings Other Features: Seeing Obama: The legacy of the first black president From Downtown: Mason enters record books as ACU’s three-point queen Back and Better: Grau turns comeback season into best yet with first-team accolades Latest Photos Videos Spring Rushing gives students opportunity to pledge Spring Rushing began this week, allowing freshman the opportunity to pledge. … [Read More...] JMC Network Sportscast – January 26, 2017 Students participate in annual Global Game Jam Dorrel’s Debut: ACU Welcomes New Head Football Coach More Videos Follow us online      Home About Advertise Rate Sheet Policies Letters to the Editor & Reader Comments Staff Contacts Projects Jobs © 2017 ACU Optimist · All Rights Reserved
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Livestream Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Jesse Jones Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 12394874 Sports Mariners Sounders FC Seahawks College Sports Huskies Cougars High School Football Seattle Storm Seattle Reign FC 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Summer Internship Program Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Housing Profiles More Questions abound after Trump says tax will pay for wall by: JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK, Associated Press Updated: Jan 27, 2017 - 5:03 AM Twtter WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Related Headlines In need of allies, Trump and Britain's Theresa May to meet Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Questions abound after Trump says tax will pay for wall Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 AP FACT CHECK: Trump cites man's dubious voter fraud claims US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 36° F Clear Hi: 39° F Lo: 30° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Florida airport shooting suspect indicted on 22 counts January 27, 2017 A federal grand jury returned a 22-count indictment against the man accused of a shooting rampage at a South Florida airport that left five … Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos January 27, 2017 Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos, President Donald Trump’s nominee for education secretary. NASA opens exhibit on 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire January 27, 2017 Groton PD: Known heroin dealer arrested January 27, 2017 Second arrest made in murder investigation of TJ Allen January 27, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 36° F Clear Feels Like: 28° F Wind: WSW 10 Humidity: 62% Dewpoint: 24° F Sunrise: 7:06 AM Sunset: 5:03 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 36° F Clear Hi: 39° F Lo: 30° F Questions swirl after Trump admin says tax will pay for wall By Associated Press Published: January 27, 2017, 8:13 am Updated: January 27, 2017, 8:28 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to reporters on Air Force One en route to Andrews Air Force Base, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, from Philadelphia. Spicer says that taxing imports from Mexico would generate $10 billions a year and "easily pay for the wall." (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Related Coverage Official: Mexico’s president ‘considering’ scrapping US trip WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP’S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts President Trump Expected to Announce Steps on Building Border Wall Trump moving forward with border wall, weighs refugee cuts Mexican president says he will not attend meeting with Trump In Trump’s White House, a day of confusion and change Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Markeith Loyd 'refused to attend' hearing on new assault charges Loyd competent to decide whether he wants attorney; Niece posts bond - Orlando News Now Markeith Loyd makes another court appearance and his niece posts his bond. Markeith Loyd makes another court appearance and his niece posts his bond. Stephanie Allen Contact Reporter Privacy Policy Markeith Loyd, the man accused of killing his ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police officer, “refused to attend” a court appearance this morning on new assault charges, officials said. Loyd was scheduled to go before a judge on three counts of aggravated assault with a firearm stemming from an incident in August, records show. Details about the charges haven’t been released. When Judge Adam McGinnis called Loyd’s name in court this morning, a corrections officer said, “He refused to attend.” The hearing was rescheduled for Saturday. Court records show the charges are related to an incident that happened Aug. 21, 2016 — nearly four months before Loyd was accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon.   He eluded police for nearly a month after Dixon’s death and on Jan. 9 was confronted by Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Police said Loyd opened fire on Clayton, killing her. He then fled, sparking a massive nine-day manhunt that eventually ended with his arrest at an abandoned house in the Carver Shores neighborhood in west Orlando. This morning’s hearing would have been the third day in a row that Loyd, 41, appeared before a judge. He had a short hearing Wednesday after police added a charge of resisting arrest without violence. Loyd didn’t say much during that hearing, but was combative. He also cursed at the judge as Orange County corrections officers led him out of the courtroom. Loyd has said he plans to represent himself in court, and on Thursday went before Ninth Circuit Chief Judge Frederick Lauten, who determined Loyd was competent enough to waive his right to a lawyer. A final decision on if Loyd can actually represent himself will be made at a later time. Loyd is facing a total of 14 charges, including two counts of first degree murder, two counts of attempted murder and carjacking with a firearm. This is a breaking news story. Check back for updates. Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Police seek Baldwin Park armed robbery suspects Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Caption What happened to the $125K reward for Markeith Loyd's capture? A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. Caption Federal agents raid Los Angeles charter school network A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Local law enforcement participates in identity theft training Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5417 Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Assault Homicide Markeith Loyd Debra Clayton All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 52°
News24 News. Breaking News. First LAST UPDATED: 2017-01-28, 11:00 10 things Obama will be remembered for As US President Barack Obama prepares to leave office on January 20, here are 10 things his presidency may be remembered for. Cape Town Saturday 17-20°C More sun than clouds. Cool. 3 day forecast Sunday 16-20°c Sunny. Cool. Monday 16-20°c More sun than clouds. Cool. Tuesday 16-21°c Morning clouds. Cool. More weather from Weather24 > Brought to you by: News South Africa World Africa Entertainment Green Health Opinions Voices MyNews24 Columnists Business Markets Personal Finance Economy Opinion Small Business BizNews FinWeek Sport News Rugby Cricket Soccer Golf Tennis Formula1 Other Sport SuperSport Live Streaming Video Highlights Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Motoring News New Models 4X4 Formula One MotorSport Bikes Your Wheels Travel News Explore Family Holidays SA Holiday Guide Weekend Escapes Travel Planning My Travels Lifestyle Health Women Motoring Food Travel Entertainment Parent Volunteers24 GameZone Dating Video News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Parenting Travel Health Focus Project Rise Zimbabwe Aids Focus Good News City Press Competitions isiZulu Jobs Property City Press   How Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall may work 2017-01-27 15:32 US president Donald Trump (Nicholas Kamm, AFP) Multimedia   ·   User Galleries   ·   News in Pictures Send us your pictures  ·  Send us your stories Video President Trump orders Mexico Border wall to be built 2017-01-26 17:16 US President Donald Trump signed orders paving an immediate construction of the Mexico Border wall on Wednesday. WATCH What To Read Next {{item.title}} Related Links Trump proposes 20% import tax to pay for the wall Key points of Trump executive orders on immigration Mexico president cancels Trump talks Trump issues ultimatum to Mexican leader President Trump orders Mexico Border wall to be builtwatch Washington — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20% tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff or something else? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20% tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the US than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for US companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment". Under this plan, the US would refrain from taxing American companies' exports but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering US corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. What does this mean for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1 000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. US exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The US could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Would it raise enough money to pay for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it legal? To be determined. The US has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalises its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. How would this affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase US wages, help US businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the US-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Do Republicans like Trump’s plan? Not all of them. Representative Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall". Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea". Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the US send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the US between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the US would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when travelling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or cancelling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. Read more on:    donald trump  |  mexico  |  us Join the conversation! 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. We reserve editorial discretion to decide what will be published. Read our comments policy for guidelines on contributions. NEXT ON NEWS24X UN aid chief accuses Syria of blocking help to neediest 2017-01-27 14:49 Inside News24 Here's how to make the perfect ginger biscuit Plus a few handy go-to recipes! Top model reveals she is intersex Vogue model Hanne Gaby Odiele has opened up about having Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome. Great white shark photo bombs surfing kid! Dad surprised when he looks at photos afterwards. Stellar 2016 for Ferrari Monthly sales figures paints a prosperous picture for the automaker. What the FIC? What the FIC Bill is all about. Sports Illustrated model shuns Photoshop And shows her stretch marks! SA bakkie war Will Mitsubishi's new Triton give Hilux, Ranger sleepless nights? Is that Ryan Gosling?!! This Ryan Gosling wax figure will scare you!   Welcome to News24 Get Published! UPLOAD Click here to upload your article Click here to upload your photo Click here to upload your video Most Read News In Your Area Top Lifestyle Friend realises 'rubbish' he helped dump was dead landlord Cape Town roads flooded, homes affected after heavy rainfall Sports Illustrated model loves her stretch marks - and so should you Murder accused Jason Rohde focused on family, work - lawyer Rand tanks on Zuma's defiance comment More.. [change area] News in Cape Town Williams, Moreki put Cobras in control Nine men accused of raping Nyanga teen apply for bail 'Manipulative' community police head in Cape Town being ousted from position Suspected perlemoen syndicate mastermind's murder sparks claims against police 'People are very angry with the ANC' - Andrew Mlangeni 10 ways to spend less on rent Your ultimate 2017 guide to great sex Milla Jovovich on working in SA with her daughter Health Challenge Week 25: How much do you know? Fears of a worldwide vanilla shortage /News WATCH: 3 news stories that will make you laugh...or cry Book flights Compare, Book, Fly From: Departure Date: To: Return Date: Travellers Traffic Alerts Please Select a Region Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Western Cape Free State Mpumalanga Eastern Cape Limpopo Northern Cape North West Traffic Goodwood 11:14 AM Road name: N7 Bellville 21:05 PM Road name: N1 More traffic reports PowerBall, Plus Friday January 27 results 2017-01-27 21:13 Click here for the full list of lottery results Jobs in Cape Town [change area] Jobs in Western Cape region Java Developers for Cape Town Western Cape Entelect Software (Pty) Ltd Actuarial Specialist - Product Management Cape Town ADA Recruitment & HR Solutions APPRENTICES (ELECTRICAL HEAVY CURRENT) Western Cape City of Cape Town R1 000 - R89 769 Per Year Browse more Cape Town jobs... Durban Jobs Johannesburg Jobs Gauteng Jobs Human Resources Jobs Legal Jobs Sales Jobs Register your CV... Get Job alerts in your e-mail... RECRUITERS – Advertise your jobs here Property [change area] HOUSES FOR SALE IN Bellville, De La Haye Houses R 2 699 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Constantia Upper Houses R 6 900 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Durbanville, Kenridge Heights Houses R 4 900 000   services E-mail Alerts The latest headlines in your inbox RSS feeds News delivered really simply. Mobile News24 on your mobile or PDA E-mail Newsletters You choose what you want News24 on Android Get the latest from News24 on your Android device. SMS Alerts Get breaking news stories via SMS. TV Get us in your home, on your television.   News24Wire · Search · Advertise on News24 · Terms & Conditions · Press Releases · Jobs at 24.com · About us · Contact us   © 2017 24.com. All rights reserved. There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.   News24 English Afrikaans isiZulu |   OLX  |  PROPERTY24  |  CAREERS24  |  SPREE  |     Hello  Create Profile Creating your profile will enable you to submit photos and stories to get published on News24. Please provide a username for your profile page: This username must be unique, cannot be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network. Hello  Choose a display name: * You must provide a display name. Edit your avatar: Select an image file on your computer (max 4MB): * The image you selected could not be uploaded. Tell us a bit about yourself: * Your profile could not be saved at the moment. Please try again later.   Saving your profile   Login / SignUp Login / SignUp Settings Location Settings News24 allows you to edit the display of certain components based on a location. If you wish to personalise the page based on your preferences, please select a location for each component and click "Submit" in order for the changes to take affect. Your Location Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Weather Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Always remember my setting Saving your settings Facebook Sign-In Hi News addict, Join the News24 Community to be involved in breaking the news. Log in with Facebook to comment and personalise news, weather and listings.  
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Questions swirl after Trump admin says tax will pay for wall Friday Jan 27, 2017 at 8:14 AM Jan 27, 2017 at 8:15 AM Josh Lederman and Josh Boak The Associated Press WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border.  The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
2:24 AM Sat, Jan. 28th Weather  23.0° News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Neighbors Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Newsletter Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submissions Subscriber Services (Start / Stop) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Trump proposes U.S. consumers pay for his wall A man stops to read headlines, many featuring U.S. President Donald Trump’s actions to jumpstart construction on a promised border wall and his insistence that Mexico will foot the bill, in Mexico City Thursday. By JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK, The Associated Press Originally Published: January 27, 2017 6 a.m. Share Tweet WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Leaders in Congress estimate the border wall would cost between $12-to-$15 billion. Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP’S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. Sign in to favorite this Contact Us More like this story Arizona chamber leader believes Trump is dangerous for state’s economy Column: About that wall ... Ford: Trump’s threats won’t stop us Where do our presidential candidates stand on the issues? Trump retreats from vow to deport all living in US illegally SUBMIT FEEDBACK Click Below to: File a Rant or Rave about this story Ask us a question Submit a letter to the editor Send us a news tip or story idea MOST READ 7 days 30 days Detectives find body, suspect it’s victim of a cold case The Latest: Trumps dance with military members at final ball Jury: Suspect not guilty in teen’s death Panhandler chokes, robs 88-year-old man 1,200 encircle courthouse in Prescott Womens's March (VIDEO & GALLERY) Third storm forecast to hit as early as this afternoon DPS: Don’t travel across northern Arizona today School delays Tuesday, Jan, 24 Two killed in Humboldt single-vehicle rollover Man arrested, accused of making threats on social media Missing man found dead Body of missing Prescott Valley man found Police arrest barricaded child abuse suspect Bobcat put down after attacking four people in Sedona Unusual animals stop traffic in Williamson Valley The Latest: Trumps dance with military members at final ball Detectives find body, suspect it’s victim of a cold case Driver allegedly drags police officer, arrested for aggravated assault Looming winter storm requires prep Need 2 Know: Prescott Valley Crossroads getting two new developments; Soldi Creative Cuisine closing; Mogies reopening SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Newsletter Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Daily Courier and Western News&Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
Police: Fugitive wanted in officer's fatal shooting captured - WFSB 3 Connecticut Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH HOME News U.S. & World News National International Health Entertainment National Sports Business Technology Strange War on Terror Local Stories Only Fairfield County News Politics Face the State Face the State Closings and Delays WFSB Mobile Sign up for text and mobile alerts Liberty Bank Surprise Squad 3Cares Hometown Heroes Something's Brewing Inside Channel 3 Talent appearance request form Contact Us Intern at WFSB! Meet the Eyewitness News Team Connecticut Science Center Blogs Press Releases Tours & Visits Do you have a news tip for WFSB? TV Listings Birthdays and Anniversaries FCC 398 Children's Television Programming Report 3 On The Radio Do you have a news tip for WFSB? Birthdays and Anniversaries Science Sunday Connecticut Science Center Lost and Pound Pets Trail Mix Weather Pinpoint Doppler Livestream Ski Report Interactive Radar 7-Day Forecast Technical Discussion Pinpoint Doppler Loop Closings and Delays WFSB Radar Maps and Radar Weather Bug iCams Early Warning Weather Tracker Early Warning Weather Day WFSB Mobile Sign up for text and mobile alerts Traffic Gas Buddy Pothole Patrol Video iWitness Trending Now Main Laff Watch CBS Shows CBS News Livestream To Order DVD's of WFSB News Stories Better Video Network I-Team Your Health Medical Rounds Nominate someone as one of Connecticut's Community Voices Better CT Better Health Better Money with Johnson Brunetti Carla in the Kitchen Sports High School Sports Scores Thursday Night Football Friday Night Football Friday Night Frenzy Winter Edition Hartford Marathon 2016 Friday Night Frenzy Spring Edition Entertainment Better Coupons LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Entertainment news from the AP Entertainment News from TV Guide Daily Animated Comic Money Personal Finance Your Job Business Small Business Home/Family Home & Garden Parenting Seniors Education Green Health Women's Health Diet & Fitness Men's Health Seniors' Health The Latest from HealthDay Children's Health Sex & Relationships Live Well Health Topics Food What's Cooking Now Favorite Recipe Collections Pets Dogs Cats Tech Travel Hot travel deals! Beauty & Style Weddings Fashion Hair & Makeup Shopping Auto VideoBytes In the Know Print Police: Fugitive wanted in officer's fatal shooting captured Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 7:27 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 10:27 PM EST ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two handguns - one equipped with a 100-round magazine - when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumors that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. "They've basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family," Mina said. Before the officer's shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon's death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon's brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Traffic I-Team Weather 7-Day Forecast Doppler Loop Maps and Radar Better CT Inside Channel 3 Advertise with Us Job Openings Online Public Inspection File Closed Captioning Children’s Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public Inspection File Contact All content © 2017, WFSB; Hartford, CT. (A Meredith Corporation Station) . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 29° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 41F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. A few flurries or snow showers possible. Low 31F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 28, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Close 1 of 10 A trio of micellar water products. A diagram of a micelle that's been sliced in half. These little molecules are floating in micellar water. Water with micelles the latest beauty craze By Debra D. Bass St. Louis Post-Dispatch Debra D. Bass 20 hrs ago (…) A trio of micellar water products. Perhaps you’re curious about the chemically enhanced water that’s a relatively novel (to America) beautifying face cleanser. You’ve probably seen the clear liquid sitting around in large bottles bearing a striking resemblance to regular water but claiming to actually be “micellar water.” La Mer offers at $90 bottle that looks like a carafe of artisanal water at Nordstrom. The company Simple has a $9 bottle at Target stores. +9  A diagram of a micelle that's been sliced in half. These little molecules are floating in micellar water. So maybe you’re wondering how many more steps your low-key beauty routine and budget can handle. Well, good news, this product could arguably be the only thing you need. It’s not toner, but it can take the place of one. It can also take the place of your cleansing milk or face wash and even a serum or two. It’s a new category altogether, but the product dates back a few dozen years in France. It was originally designed to help Parisian women deal with the region’s notoriously harsh tap water. Micellar water is made up of micelles, which are tiny specialized clusters of molecules suspended in water. One of the cult favorite brands of micellar water in Europe comes from the French company, Bioderma, a newcomer to the United States. The medical strategy director, Michèle Sayag, explained the product via a Skype call. She said that typical soap works by having a higher pH than skin (NOTE: This sentence has been corrected. See below). It’s rough, drying and ends up disrupting your pH-balance, which is why most recommend using a toner to correct the subsequent imbalance to soothe skin. However, micellar water has the same or very similar acidity, or pH, of human skin. +9  Bioderma developed its micellar water product (now $16.95 at Walmart) in 1995, and it remained a dermatologists’ secret for the rich and famous for years, Sayag said. “There were more and more people with sensitive skin issues, and hygiene was a step that created the biggest problem,” Sayag said. “Dermatologists were looking for a solution, but when we told them that water could clean the skin, without the usual solvents, they didn’t believe us … at first.” Actresses and society elites discovered micellar water and started using it religiously, she said, “but it was kind of a secret for a while, until a few famous women mentioned the product in interviews.” “Then it became very, very popular,” Sayag said. “Because models and actors are sometimes cleaning their face up to 10 times a day and putting makeup back on, they needed something that wasn’t irritating.” Micellar water did the trick. +9  And it was an easy-to-pack item for anyone on the go. And unlike toner, the solutions don’t contain alcohol, so you can also use it around sensitive eye areas. The only trick is that it requires a clean cotton pad to work. Actually, you’ll likely use more than a few if you’re a makeup wearer. As Sayag explained the science of micelles, she emailed an illustration of the microscopic cluster. It’s complicated and trust me when I say you don’t want a French-accented chemistry lesson about hydrophiles, phospholipids, ionic vs. nonionic and oxidation, but essentially the micelles are deceptively aggressive cleaning agents. When Sayag was explaining them, it sounded like she was saying “missiles,” and it turns out the word is a fairly apt analogy. But rather than ravage, these missiles pick up debris. The water is just the substance they are suspended in, like a container. The micelles do all the work when they break open. +9  Beauty writer Jordan Savage describes the action in a blog post for the Missouri-based beauty company Bee Naturals, which has a micellar cleansing water product ($12.97) on sale at its stores in Maplewood, Clarksville and online (beenaturals.com). Savage explained that micelles are sneaky. Micelles are spherical clusters of molecules. Within these quirky micelle molecules, each has “a water loving end (hydrophilic) and an oil loving/water hating end (hydrophobic).” In water, “they begin to group themselves into little balls (micelles). The water-loving tails of each surfactant face outward, closer to the rest of the water in the formula, while the oil-loving heads gather in the middle of the spheres, getting as far away from the water as they can. When applied to the skin, or a cotton pad, the ball shaped cluster splits open, allowing the oil- loving middle to feed on the dirt, oil and makeup that has accumulated on the skin. Micelles lift and encapsulate impurities from the surface of the skin. From here, they are easily wiped away, without rubbing or rinsing,” Savage explained. The founder of Bee’s Naturals Barbara Chappuis said micellar water is “the only thing I ever wash my face with because it’s that good. It’s great for oily skin or dry. It’s a universal solvent that removes dirt and oil and leaves the skin feeling smooth and soft. It’s a seriously handy thing.” And she said this admitting that she sells eight other facial cleansers. Sayag said that as long as you keep using a clean cotton pad, you’ll see the full results and you’ll feel the difference, but the no-rinse part might take some getting used to, she said. And if you don’t use added potions or are trying to eliminate a few, Sayag said that not only does micellar water pick up impurities but some are formulated to also leave some beneficial ingredients behind. CORRECTION: A previous version of this story said that soap was more acidic than the normal skin pH. However, it is typically more alkaline and has a higher pH. The lower the pH, the more acidic.  Tags Debra Bass Debra D Bass Micellar Water Chemistry Michele Sayag Jordan Savage Product Micelle Debra D. Bass Debra D. Bass is fashion editor for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Debra D. Bass Close Get email notifications on Debra D. Bass daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Debra D. Bass posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Debra D. Bass Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Video: Modern brides in classic looks #STLStreetStyle: Bright preppy clothes by St. Louis native #STLStreetStyle: Dapper designer goes wild for print #STLStreetStyle: Moody knitwear designer likes bold looks View (…) comments Most popular KSDK anchor Anne Allred to get new kidney Goodbye, Ruby Tuesdays: Why times are so tough for restaurants Surviving a Whole30 detox, trying to quit sugar St. Louis interstate section earns place on 'bottlenecks' list Troubled Belleville Diocese priest blasts bishop over handling of his abuse allegations Follow Debra Bass Quick links Carolyn Hax Dear Abby Garage and estate sales Miss Manners Latest Water with micelles the latest beauty craze Made in St. Louis: Knife-obsession turns chef into master craftsman Made in St. Louis: Needlepoint belts looking to shake their preppy past Gift cards aren't savings accounts: they're an assignment and a budget Made in St. Louis: Childhood homelessness inspired esteem-building beauty company loading... Looking for your next home? Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Carter's Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carter's Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPOR) IDACORP, Inc. (IDA) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Analysts Offer Predictions for WEC Energy Group, Inc.’s Q4 2016 Earnings (WEC) Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Short Interest Down 4.4% in January People’s United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Wendy’s Company (The) (WEN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Carter’s, Inc. (CRI) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research January 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Carter’s, Inc. (NYSE:CRI) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report released on Monday. According to Zacks, “Carter’s, Inc. is a leading provider of apparel and related products exclusively for babies and young children. The Company owns the Carter’s and OshKosh B’gosh brands, two of the most recognized brands in the marketplace. These brands are sold in leading department stores, national chains, and specialty retailers domestically and internationally and through Company-operated stores and on-line at carters.com and oshkoshbgosh.com. The Company’s Child of Mine brand is available at Walmart, and its Genuine Kids, Just One You, and Precious Firsts brands are available at Target. “ Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company lowered shares of Carter’s from an outperform rating to a market perform rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $111.00 to $93.00 in a research note on Tuesday, September 27th. started coverage on shares of Carter’s in a research note on Wednesday, September 28th. They set an underperform rating and a $95.00 target price on the stock. FBR & Co reissued an outperform rating and set a $111.00 target price on shares of Carter’s in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Citigroup Inc. raised shares of Carter’s from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Monness Crespi & Hardt lowered their target price on shares of Carter’s from $118.00 to $115.00 and set a buy rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, October 28th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $107.27. Shares of Carter’s (NYSE:CRI) opened at 85.72 on Monday. Carter’s has a 52 week low of $83.36 and a 52 week high of $112.58. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $88.20 and its 200 day moving average price is $93.36. The company has a market capitalization of $4.23 billion, a PE ratio of 18.11 and a beta of 0.37. Carter’s (NYSE:CRI) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $1.61 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.67 by $0.06. Carter’s had a return on equity of 30.07% and a net margin of 7.78%. The firm had revenue of $901 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $901.99 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.51 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 6.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Carter’s will post $5.04 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/27/carters-inc-cri-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Carter’s news, Chairman Michael Dennis Casey sold 20,700 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $90.49, for a total value of $1,873,143.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. In the last quarter, insiders sold 62,100 shares of company stock valued at $5,713,407. 3.10% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in CRI. IFP Advisors Inc increased its stake in shares of Carter’s by 25.2% in the second quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 989 shares of the company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 199 shares in the last quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank increased its stake in shares of Carter’s by 13.4% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 1,627 shares of the company’s stock worth $141,000 after buying an additional 192 shares in the last quarter. D.A. Davidson & CO. increased its stake in shares of Carter’s by 8.2% in the third quarter. D.A. Davidson & CO. now owns 1,878 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 142 shares in the last quarter. Genesee Valley Trust Co. purchased a new stake in shares of Carter’s during the second quarter worth about $223,000. Finally, Advisor Group Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Carter’s during the second quarter worth about $224,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.65% of the company’s stock. Carter’s Company Profile Carter’s, Inc (Carter’s) is a marketer of apparel for babies and young children in the United States and Canada. The Company operates through five segments: Carter’s Retail, Carter’s Wholesale, OshKosh Retail, OshKosh Wholesale and International. Its international segment includes Company-operated retail stores, wholesale and online operations in addition to royalty income from its international licensees. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Carter’s (CRI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Carter's Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carter's Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SNAKE OIL SIDE EFFECTS What the FDA doesn’t know about alternative medicine—thanks to politics—could kill you Written by Alexander Aciman January 27, 2017 "Homeopathic medicine is rarely a single vitamin or plant extract, but a cocktail of substances that can occasionally kill people." (Reuters/Phil Noble) Share Written by Alexander Aciman January 27, 2017 In 2014, Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson took a hard hit to the head during a conference championship game against the Green Bay Packers. The following day, however, Wilson had no serious head injury. “I believe Recovery Water helped prevent me from getting a concussion based on a bad hit!” he tweeted, referring to a product he endorses. No matter that Wilson is one of the most physically gifted and resilient athletes in the world. The company’s website is full of the suggestive, overly-technical language that alternative medicine manufacturers hide behind—electro-kinetic modification, nano-sized bubbles, and a slew of things that nobody can understand because it is ultimately meaningless. And although that pseudo-science probably just means that Recovery Water is just a lightly carbonated tap water put under an electric charge, it belongs to the roughly $50 billion American alternative medical industry, along with dietary supplements—extracts, vitamins, and crushed herbs, among other things—and homeopathy—the practice of diluting similar substances with water. For the vast majority of the 20th century, alternative medicine practitioners and seekers remained relatively small in number, and therefore required very little oversight, which allowed the industry to remain largely unregulated as it eventually grew to its current size. In the last five years the European Union has cracked down on alternative medicine, imposing stern regulations on herbal remedies. Canada’s department of government for health actively reviews substances for safety and efficacy. However, none of these measures have been taken in the United States, and will not be for the foreseeable future. It is not because the FDA refuses to evaluate these substances; rather it is because because the alternative medicine industry is protected by various laws that make sure the FDA does not have the authority to evaluate their products. Lyndsay Meyer, a spokesperson for the FDA, tells me that to address this $40 billion industry the FDA must rely on a team of 24 people and a budget of less than $5 million. It is time for the FDA to be untethered from these laws so that it can properly evaluate substances intended to enter our bodies. In 1994, the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act established the framework by which the FDA deals with supplements. Meyer tells me that, with this act, Congress does not allow the FDA to evaluate dietary supplements; this means that although they can regulate the manufacturing processes and require that makers submit certain paperwork, they cannot evaluate the substances themselves for anything whatsoever. This is why the disclaimer “This product has not been evaluated by the FDA” is so ubiquitous. “They are held to good manufacturing practices, and labeling requirements, but in terms of someone looking at them for safety or efficacy,” Meyer says, “that is not something the agency has been given the authority to do.” There is a deeply troubling epistemological problem presented in the fact that the FDA exists to monitor our food, drugs, and cosmetics for safety and efficacy, but by law must ignore an entire aisle of the pharmacy. Although the majority of supplements are things like vitamin D, iron, calcium, and niacin—which may not be evaluated by the FDA but are generally acknowledged to be necessary nutrients—there are also substances such as echinacea, a crushed flower marketed as a cure for the common cold that isn’t any more effective than waiting four days for your cold to go away on its own. Lately, vitamin water drips are in vogue. The cocktails of water, magnesium, zinc, and other elements and minerals are available at clinics and promise restorative effects, even though it has long been proven that the human body can obtain all necessary nutrients from a healthy diet, and even though studies have suggested that the water drips are no more effective than placebos. In short, consumers will spend hundreds of dollars to have an unevaluated bag of intravenous water inserted into their arms by a non-professional, without any real understanding of what it does other than “promote health,” which seems to be a phrase as ubiquitous in alternative medicine as the FDA’s disclaimer. Even alcohol and illegal drugs—however harmful—have a recognized, concrete effect on the body. Even worse, a 2015 investigation of GNC, Target, Walmart, and Walgreens by New York’s attorney general showed that only 21% of tested supplements had any trace at all of the plant advertised on the label. The vast majority of botanical supplements aren’t even what they claim to be. Alternative drug manufacturers also have a luxurious 30 day window after going to market to prove that their substances are safe, unlike real medicine which must undergo years of rigorous trials before being brought to market. I suspect this is because if any alternative medicine were subject to the standard research and development procedures of real medicine, it would probably be laughed out of every laboratory in the country before even reaching clinical trials. And yet, dietary supplements are, for the most part and with a few rare exceptions, nothing more than money drains whose presence on the market, one could argue, creates an order of financial Darwinism—maybe you don’t deserve to hold onto your money if you are going to spend it on supplements and extracts. The FDA doesn’t exist to save you from yourself, and after all, supplements will likely do nothing—which is to say they probably won’t kill you if you take them. They might, however, cause your urine to change colors.  “All prescription and non-prescription products labeled as homeopathic go to market without FDA approval.” The freedom that the homeopathic industry has sounds almost apocalyptic, especially because homeopathic medicine is rarely a single vitamin or plant extract, but a cocktail of substances that can occasionally kill people. Thanks to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act law, manufacturers of homeopathic drugs have few restrictions: they must use ingredients in the Homeopathic Pharmacopoeia, must follow rules of proper dilution, and abide by the principles of homeopathy—rules I imagine are enforced by a league of people resembling the union of magicians in South Park. In theory, so long as one follows these principles—which were not even established by the FDA—one could market a single ingredient homeopathic remedy that is mostly water and claims to cure Ebola without any real legal repercussions. Making outrageous claims for alternative medicine is considered health fraud, except in the field of homeopathy. “All prescription and non-prescription products labeled as homeopathic go to market without FDA approval,” Meyer tells me. They cannot ban homeopathy, although the FDA website also claims they it is “not aware of scientific evidence to support homeopathy as effective.” Nothing significant has been done about this nearly $10 billion industry, and we accept its terms almost without question, which suggests that public acceptance of homeopathy rests almost entirely on the idea that none of it does anything at all. What most consumers do not know is that homeopathic remedies often sit on pharmacy shelves beside other over-the-counter drugs. Zicam, a popular cold medicine that sits on shelves next to Benadryl and Nyquil, is in fact a homeopathic remedy. Some users have experienced a loss of smell as a result of using the drug. Another common, well-disguised homeopathic drugstore product is asthma spray, such as the one from Safecare available at most Walgreens, which suspiciously resembles an inhaler. This is a deadly bait and switch. These sprays are not FDA-approved asthma treatments, and yet their presence on pharmacy shelves obfuscates this fact. Allowing consumers to accidentally choose a substance that appears to be an ordinary over-the-counter drug but is in fact a homeopathic snake-oil remedy seems almost like criminal negligence. This year, Hyland’s popular infant teething tablets have been brought to the attention of the FDA due to connections with infant seizures and even several deaths (the FDA has since warned against these tablets). Several years ago another brand of teething tablets were found to contain toxic levels of belladonna—also known as deadly nightshade, a plant that was used in early warfare to make poison-tipped arrows. Other homeopathic ingredients include poison ivy leaf, mercury, arsenic, and anthrax. Our conception of the industry is far too generous: at best homeopathic remedies do nothing. At worst, they can kill you. And the absence of explicit disapproval from the FDA constitutes a sort of tacit approval. If they haven’t banned it, logic stands that they must not be so bad. And it’s mind-boggling that such a simple intellectual gap can be so easily bridged regarding a substance that could kill your child. The problem with banning this entire industry is not only that it would be a regulatory, financial, and legislative nightmare. Alternative medicine, by presenting itself as a natural, more holistic approach to the science of medicine, has created for itself a aura of honesty. Alternative medicine pretends to be a return to the medicine of yesteryear, before processed foods and drugs came along and trashed our bodies. Sam Schulte, who studies the history and philosophy of science at The University of Chicago suggests that alternative medicine uses this as a window into our bodies and wallets: Homeopathic medicine emerges in relationship with the professionalization of medicine in the 20th century. Part of calling it natural isn’t just saying that natural is better; written into that logic is a mistrust of the medical establishment. The alternative medicine industry fills this hole nicely, and Schulte also says that the American Medical Association’s taking control of and regulating the entire medical industry in the 20th century provides a very convenient narrative for alternative medicine merchants who want to set themselves apart from the establishment.  The vast majority of diseases they purport to treat are difficult or even impossible to cure: chronic back pain, headaches, the common cold, and even terminal illnesses. This is also why snake oil merchants can have great success with the uninsured and with immigrants. A popular New York City radio reggae station, Irie Jam, dedicates most of its on-air time to selling credit repair packages and substances like one called Biolife to listeners who will almost unquestionably trust the wisdom from this voice of their home. And because the American medical community has not done much to earn the trust of poor, uninsured black immigrants, Biolife seems like a good alternative to the medicine that so often doesn’t seem to work. “When your doctor tells you you have prostate cancer,” I once heard the DJ say on Irie Jam, “When he says it’s time to get your affairs in order, what you have to do is try the Biolife cleanse.” And like any age-old traveling medicine show, the announcer will slowly begin to reduce the price on air to tell you what a good deal it is. If a doctor has given you a death sentence, no amount of water and sawdust will cure you. This, perhaps, is the most sinister aspect of homeopathy and alternative medicine. They feed on those who have lost hope. The vast majority of diseases they purport to treat are difficult or even impossible to cure: chronic back pain, headaches, the common cold, and even terminal illnesses. One of the most popular names in homeopathy is Dr. Sebi, who sells a cell food package that he claims can cure AIDS, cancer, lupus, sickle cell, herpes, and so much more. Although he died earlier this year, his brand still exists, and among his slew of celebrity endorsements were Common and Michael Jackson. The substances the company offers, I am told by a salesperson over the phone, are a combination of restorative cleanses and minerals. Sebi, it should be noted, was not a medical doctor, nor was he a PhD. And what his target diseases all have in common is that they are incurable. Dr. Sebi offers one last hope. Of course, a quick phone call to his organization will make clear that all the cell food packages—which go up to $1,500 a month—all seem to contain the same ingredients, regardless of which disease you have. I am also told over the phone that different packages are designed for different diseases, but there is no clear evidence that this is the case. Sebi even sells products that contain lily of the valley, which is literally poison. Of course one could argue that chemotherapy is poison too, but unlike lily of the valley, it isn’t just poison. The FDA wouldn’t allow Pfizer to sell arsenic tablets that have a low enough dose of arsenic that it won’t kill you but still won’t do anything positive for you either. So why do people like Sebi get a pass? And because occasionally homeopathic drugs present a health crisis and come to the attention of the FDA when they are not properly diluted, the 30-day regulatory window for new alternative medicines could create a true disaster if something like lily of the valley were not diluted to non-toxic levels. The term “snake oil” stems from a popular product 200 years ago that claimed viper oil was a sort of panacea. You probably couldn’t pay anybody taking $300 vitamin drips or blowing $18,000 a year for Dr. Sebi’s Cell Food to consume viper oil. That’s because the idea of taking anything from a highly venomous snake sounds crazy. And as it turns out there wasn’t anything in most snake oil but grease, pepper, and camphor, which nicely reflects the similar, more modern narrative of taking substances that at best contain nothing but food products and at worst are poison. It would be foolish to say that alternative treatments never work, as would it be to cast away unconventional practices that have so often led to medical breakthroughs. However, successful treatments that deviate from the standard come from minds with a deep understanding of real medicine, not from the untrained suppositions of homeopaths. If the FDA were given authority to evaluate these substances we’d be left with a few essential nutrients on our shelves. The rest should be illegal to sell. Perhaps one day the US government will allow the FDA to regulate all medical products. But until then, let me tell you, I’ve managed to extract the essence from a rare detoxifying root found only in the rainforest, and for the low price of $99 I can cure everything that’s ever ailed you. You can follow Alexander on Twitter at @acimania. Learn how to write for Quartz Ideas. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Most Popular Philosopher Slavoj Žižek settles the “Is it OK to punch a Nazi?” question once and for all Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Questions abound after Trump says tax will pay for wall Here are some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out Post to Facebook Questions abound after Trump says tax will pay for wall Here are some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2kaIBGX {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Questions abound after Trump says tax will pay for wall Josh Lederman and Josh Boak, Associated Press 6:44 a.m. ET Jan. 27, 2017 White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to reporters on Air Force One en route to Andrews Air Force Base, Jan. 26, 2017, from Philadelphia. Spicer says that taxing imports from Mexico would generate $10 billions a year and "easily pay for the wall." (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP) Washington — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff or something else? It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. What does this mean for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Would it raise enough money to pay for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it legal? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. How would this affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Do Republicans like Trump’s plan? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2kaIBGX TOP VIDEOS DPD seeks help to identify suspect in malicious destruction at gas station 0:23 Detroit Department of Elections 'vindicated' 3:13 Man wrongly accused of fraud by Michigan speaks out 2:22 President's immigration policies criticized 4:16 Warren city council meeting 3:52 Family speaks out at drunk driver's sentencing 6:46 Suspects sought in robbery of assisted living facility in Detroit 0:20 Thunderbirds to fly over Selfridge this summer 1:15 Thousands of women march, dance in Detroit's 'Sister March' 2:09 Metro Detroit residents head to Women's March in Washington 1:48
January 27, 2017 | 70° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Questions abound after Trump says tax will pay for wall Associated Press Posted January 27, 2017 January 27, 2017 Updated January 27, 2017 1:52am ASSOCIATED PRESS White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to reporters on Air Force One en route to Andrews Air Force Base, Thursday, from Philadelphia. Spicer says that taxing imports from Mexico would generate $10 billions a year and “easily pay for the wall.” WASHINGTON >> President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP’S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Body of motorcyclist found on side of H-1 hours after accident ‘Peace’ woman jumps to soothe, delight by waving along Pali DOE deputy Stephen Schatz accepts UH position Facebook CEO Zuckerberg dropping lawsuits to acquire Kauai parcels Fact check: Trump wrong that 2 killed during Obama speech 17 comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. OldDiver says: January 27, 2017 at 3:33 am Donald Trump is absolutely clueless Log in to Reply Pocho says: January 27, 2017 at 2:28 pm you’ll be eating Crow when the dust settles. The wall will be built Log in to Reply CCH says: January 27, 2017 at 2:38 pm We all be eating crow when the wall is built and you and I will be paying for it. Log in to Reply aaronavilla says: January 27, 2017 at 2:39 pm crow will be cheaper than tacos and burritos by then, so maybe? Log in to Reply NanakuliBoss says: January 27, 2017 at 4:09 am Clueless and a moron. First week over yet? Well at least he didn’t go to the nuclear bunker and fiddle with the red button. Oh wait, Conway has got that penned in for Thursday. Log in to Reply DannoBoy says: January 27, 2017 at 9:22 am So what if Anerican consuners end up covering the cost of the tax on Mexican Imports? Technically Mexico will pay it first so Trump kept his promise. ka-boom! So what if Trump didn’t tell us that under his cunning plan Americans will end up reimbursing Mexico for the wall? Is Trump supposed to give away his secret plans to our competitors and enemies the way Obummer did? NO WAY! @realDonaldTruth Log in to Reply aaronavilla says: January 27, 2017 at 2:41 pm do you at least pour sugar on the bowls of manure being fed to you by trump, or do you eat it straight? Log in to Reply DannoBoy says: January 27, 2017 at 4:01 pm aaronavilla, Didn’t you know that what comes out Donald’s rear are turds of pure gold. At least that’s what he says. So yes, we are all gagging on those 24k nuggets of TrumpTruth. Sure they stink and taste like you know what, but like his tremendous tweets, they emit directly from our glorious leader. M-m-m good. @realDonaldTruth CCH says: January 27, 2017 at 4:07 pm Danno you crack me up. Keep em coming. Those Trump supports don’t even know they are getting screwed. wrightj says: January 27, 2017 at 10:16 am …will learn to make homemade guacamole. Log in to Reply paniolo says: January 27, 2017 at 1:23 pm If U.S. consumers have to pay higher costs because of the tax, aren’t we really paying for the wall? And, how do we get “reimbursed.” Log in to Reply nomu1001 says: January 27, 2017 at 1:29 pm Have to give those who support #MAGA credit, because in many cases, they seem to be willing to pay whatever money it takes, out of their pockets, without any reservations. Consider the most important issue for those who voted for him – jobs. Who ultimately pays for a 20% tax on imports? You will. If we pay people to do the jobs currently being done by automation, and it costs significantly more to do so, who will ultimately pay for this increased cost? You will. Who is willing to pay at least 15-30 billion dollars on a southern border wall? Most everyone will agree we need better security, but will you be willing to pay $50 for a 30 foot ladder? Of course you would rather pay billions. Who is willing to send their sons and daughters to Iraq to take the oil? Everyone will pay for it. Thank you to all of those who are willing to pay for #MAGA. Log in to Reply DannoBoy says: January 27, 2017 at 2:09 pm Nomu gets it now. We want to pay billions more to cover Mexico’s cost for building a wall. Sure folks will just climb over with ladders or under with tunnels, but won’t it be great to watch Trump standing tall and defiant and hearing him boast, “We built that big beautiful wall. And those Mexican rapists paid for it, just like I said they would. Just like I said.” As for sending our children off to be maimed and killed in any wars Trump starts, that will be an honor. Won’t it? Log in to Reply nomu1001 says: January 27, 2017 at 2:12 pm You have proven our theory about MAGA supporters. Log in to Reply nomu1001 says: January 27, 2017 at 3:03 pm Just fyi, it is a fact that most of the “illegal” aliens come via airlines and end up over staying their VISAs. Most are not coming to our country via our southern borders. Just about everyone agrees that those with serious criminal records should be deported, which is Obama’s position as well. Log in to Reply DannoBoy says: January 27, 2017 at 4:13 pm I agree completely, nomu. Many come by air. But Trump is right that regardless of where they come from or how they get here, illegal foreign workers should be arrested, detained, kicked out and immediately sent home. That being said, FLOTUS will unfortinately have to go back to Slovenia. She broke Federal immigration laws and is a criminal. You may know this already, but when Melania Trump arrived (by air) in our great country on a visitor visa in 1996, she worked illegally and was paid for at least 10 nude modeling jobs. Yes. Melania is a criminal, and Donald has been harboring her for years in his sanctuary tower. Finally we’re going to put a stop to Melania and other beautiful illegals flaunting their promiscuous disregard for our US Federal immigration laws. No mercy for gorgeous illegals. See: http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/11/04/melania-trump-undocumented-work/93321114/ DannoBoy says: January 27, 2017 at 4:15 pm If nomu, or anyone else, wants a glimpse at the kind of modeling done by this lusciously illegal immigrant, this classy criminal, this fabulous FLOTUS Melania Trump, check out these pics from one of her first illegal jobs: http://nypost.com/2016/08/01/melania-trumps-girl-on-girl-photos-from-racy-shoot-revealed/ Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Trumping Capitalism? - 01/28/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 1/27/2017 - 01/27/2017 - Lambert Strether Trade War Threat Grows - 01/27/2017 - Yves Smith Links 1/27/17 - 01/27/2017 - Yves Smith James F on Hatred in Our Divided Nation: Anger at Flyover Country - 01/27/2017 - Yves Smith Brexit: Why Rescue by Trump, Meaning Via a US-UK Trade Deal, Is a Fantasy - 01/27/2017 - Yves Smith John Helmer: The Western Press Incorrectly Depicts Putin as on the Wrong Side of a Feminist Issue - 01/27/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 1/26/2017 - 01/26/2017 - Lambert Strether Republicans to Use CRA to Roll Back ‘Midnight’ Rules and Benefit Oil Companies - 01/26/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield James F on Hatred in Our Divided Nation: Anger at Flyover Country Posted on January 27, 2017 by Yves Smith By reader James F. Hoisted from comments I, too, am worried by our descent into prewar hatred. I had a friend from Dubrovnik in the’80s. She was a typical Yugoslav – half Croatian, quarter Serbian, and a quarter Russian. She was full of hope, smart, pretty, and heartbreakingly naïve. If she survived the war, I’m pretty sure my friend lost what made her a beautiful human being. She haunts me. Civil wars seem implausible until they start and then they follow the devil’s logic. People like my friend tend to die in them or turn into something less than they were in order to survive. I’m an old man now working on my doctorate through a senior citizens’ scholarship. I grew on the North-East Coast. I live in the rural South now. I know people from everywhere because I’ve been around a long time. Comfortable people from the cities, Democrat or Republican, want to hit someone, hard… but they have by and large never worn a uniform or had a gun pointed at their heads. They’re frustrated which makes sense but they don’t know when a bloody fight is coming. You can smell it coming like folks down here can smell a tornado or like mothers smell death on its way and snatch their children off the front porch. Here in Flyover Country things are bad, really bad. I recently visited family in Northern California. Things were pretty nice. Not opulent by any means but the shelves were stocked. Security guards in Target let the kids play around. Around here – not so much. Not so much as a Target. We have long lines, empty shelves, and the kids, black and white, always seem aware that they’re not safe. Comfortable people in cities worry about reproductive health care. We worry about getting a four-dollar antibiotic for pneumonia at Wal-Mart without having to spend several hundred bucks for the prescription (real life experience with insurance). Our mean income is about a quarter of Northern California’s. Housing is cheaper but it’s not cheap and it’s a lot worse housing. Food and utilities are a lot more expensive. Everything including food and medicine is taxed. We’re dying here, slowly perhaps but we’re dying none the less. Even so, my Democrat and Republican friends and family from the coasts couldn’t care less about my neighbors. They couldn’t care less about fifteen years of war or the kids we send to fight it or the kids our kids kill. I understand. It’s only natural to look to one’s own interests and what happens in Natchez or Mosul doesn’t hit home. However, they’re all angry – angry at Flyover people for being sick and poor and tired of being cannon fodder. And so I have to listen to why we don’t deserve jobs or health care because we’re stupid. We should move or die because markets. I had to justify FDR, religion, the very idea of peace, and social solidarity. I have to defend unions and explain why my state voted for Trump – sometimes to the same person. I have to advocate for veterans, the majority of cops that don’t murder kids, and BLM while I’m trying to eat my potatoes. It’s exhausting. It’s depressing. Statistics show that urban areas are ‘bluer’. They have better health care, better functioning government, and better opportunities. However, not all urban dwellers are comfortable. Chicago has world class hospitals, universities, and pizza. It also has an astronomical murder rate and a police force that got caught torturing its citizens. It has a deep blue machine that excels in privatization. Blue cities are rough with their mostly black and brown poor citizens but poor whites suffer too. I know. I spent decades doing social work in city hell-scapes. I know what it’s like to step over bodies and have people bleed all over me. Crime isn’t out of control when statistics say so. Crime is out of control when you or people you love get hurt. Likewise, cops shooting unarmed black people is a problem; cops shooting unarmed white people is a problem; people deciding to start an idiosyncratic revolution by shooting cops is a problem; criminals killing kids is also a problem. Statistics and social theory don’t really matter at a child’s funeral. Life is statistically better in blue enclaves but there is a difference between Compton and Hollywood, Brookline and Dorchester, Harlem and Manhattan. That’s a brute fact that uncomfortable people face every day. Flyover people and the uncomfortable urban poor fight the never-ending wars. We provide commodities like food and coal and oil and metals. We provide cheap labor. Comfortable people have decided that most of us aren’t really needed. Immigration, free trade, and automation have made us redundant but we’re not going away. At least we’re not going away fast. Flyover people and the uncomfortable urban poor have no real place in establishment Democratic or Republican thinking. We are the establishment’s problem and the establishment is our problem. Where do we go from here? Bernie had some good answers to some burning questions. Trump has some very questionable answers to the same problems. I don’t know if the Anarchists on Inauguration Day had any answers but they recognized the problem. The comfortable people who posed with pussy hats leave me questioning whether this country can or even should be saved. The comfortable protesters certainly have the legal right to their comfortable lives and they have the legal right to advocate for war with Russia and they have the legal right to hate the President and wear silly hats. They have a legal right to despise the Deplorables and to petition to have sleeping homeless people removed from their places of business. They have the legal right to demand respect for their sexual choices. They have these legal rights because the government guarantees them and if they tear down the civic peace of government, who will protect these rights? I don’t know whether to laugh or cry when I see the postmodern farce of Madonna in an orange prison jumper. Is she supposed to be King Christian wearing the Star of David during Nazi occupation? Are Ashley Judd And Julia Roberts supposed to be our Red Emma and our pistol packing Connie Markowitz? Is Lena Durham supposed to be our Marianne or our Greece Expiring on the Ruins of Missolonghi? What I really want to know is will those people drinking Starbucks die with us on the barricades because the differences between guerrilla theater and guerrilla war are getting really blurry. I don’t want to get too snarky but I am getting pretty cranky. Revolutions, as Lenin insisted, are not tea parties. In revolutions resisters get shot for showing courage; in films about revolutions actors get applause for making a courageous performance. The Democratic Resistance may be as silly looking as Teapartiers dressed in revolutionary drag but it is much more dangerous. In 2008, Obama was really popular and he had the support of his own party. Obama failed to ram through his agenda because he refused to rally the people who put him into office. By the time the Republicans hamstrung his administration, he had already lost his momentum. Obama was defeated in the Massachusetts senatorial campaign and by his failure to support Wisconsin’s unions. McConnel’s obstructionism and Trump’s birtherism were obnoxious but they didn’t destroy Obama’s agenda. Failure to push for card check, Medicare for all, voter registration, prosecuting Wall Street fraud and war crimes, new trade deals, authorizing the extra-judicial murder of US citizens, and overthrowing the government in Guatemala, Ukraine, and Libya were the real disasters. In 2016, Trump is much less popular than Obama in 2008. His most progressive polices (which he shared with Sanders) like reversing trade agreements, renegotiating drug prices, building infrastructure, and stopping a war with Russia depend on Democratic support. His own party hates him. Impeaching or (God forbid) assassinating Trump would throw the entire government into the hands of Pence and Ryan. That would re-gear the war on Russia, reinstate the trade deals and guarantee the end of the New Deal and the Civil Rights era. Does anyone on the so-called Left really think that’s a good idea? There’d be a real fight then; the kind where lots of people die in loud and messy ways. Who is going to do the fighting and dying then? I don’t think it’s going to be the people in pussy hats but I’m sure I’ll be going to plenty of funerals if I live that long. 27010111 This entry was posted in Banana republic, Income disparity, Politics, Social policy, Social values, The destruction of the middle class on January 27, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Brexit: Why Rescue by Trump, Meaning Via a US-UK Trade Deal, Is a Fantasy Links 1/27/17 → Subscribe to Post Comments 404 comments Jeff January 27, 2017 at 6:22 am Words fail me. Thank you. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 12:08 pm You’re welcome, Jeff. Reply ↓ Oguk January 27, 2017 at 12:12 pm +1 Reply ↓ ExtraT January 27, 2017 at 2:37 pm Wow! I want to nominate this for the Best Post of the year! Reply ↓ sgt_doom January 27, 2017 at 6:37 pm Quite a few books over the years have been churned out, being snarky and disingenuous (lying like hell) about jobs NOT going to China, about foreign visa replacement workers NOT being used to take Americans’ jobs! We know better —– since 2001, when China officially entered the WTO, over 70,000 production facilities were relocated there. Over 70,000 . . . That’s a lot of jobs —- and since the mid 1980s, when GE’s swinish Jack Welch offshored many many thousands of scientific R&D jobs, engineering jobs, programming jobs, technician jobs and more manufacturing jobs, things have been growing worse year in and year out. But they continue to churn out Fake News, Fake Books, Fake Documentaries — today PBS and Frontline are completely financed by the Koch brothers — and controlled — through WGBH Educational Foundation, and then there’s Murdoch’s News Corporation, whose lawsuits in the federal courts (circa 1999 to 2002) legalized the fictionalization of the news, and the firing of any employees who refused to do so, the propaganda stream is obvious. And under the Obama Administration, it is now legal for the government to propagandize the citizenry! Fake News all my life, Fake News every day – – – and that’s why we come to sites like these. Reply ↓ Big Mike January 27, 2017 at 10:29 pm Trump has an incomprehensible opportunity here to split the neocons from the Republican Party and the neoliberals from the Democratic Party; creating a new national unity party. The MSM are helpful, useful idiots in this regard; I don’t think they are capable of comprehending the hatred that working class leftists hold them in. They seem to have negotiated and agreed to a social contract that does not reconcile with the needs of anyone outside of their narrow circles. …transgender rights! I live and work in a government town and no one I know could care less. In military terms they have charged beyond their shield wall; out in the open, apt to be destroyed. Times are changing – I think there are perhaps 20 million Americans ready to fight and die to restore this country to the people, out of the hands of Wall Street. I agree with James F; the comfortable people in pussy hats best go run and hide. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:32 am On my first reading of this piece I thought that “flyover” was sticky because it was vivid language, but it seems that the distinction between “comfortable” and “uncomfortable” was the more subtle and deadly. Interesting. And flyover* is geographic, whereas comfortable is much more class-based, so I really should have spotted this. * Though also colonial, if you start thinking of the non-metropolitan areas of the country as colonized (resource extraction, pipelines, data storage, hog lagoons, landfills) which is a good way to think about them. Reply ↓ Disturbed Voter January 27, 2017 at 6:41 am Western Civilization lives on colonization. We either colonize our neighbors … over the national border line, or we colonize our neighbors … inside the border line. Usually this works as asymmetric exploitation. The narrative that the victims of exploitation, are unworthy … is the logic of the imperialist and slave master. Fly-over country has been subject to Coastal exploitation for over 100 years now, ever since local communities became dependent on outside goods and services (which are cheaper in many cases). In the name of greater efficiency and lower cost, we have traded locality for globalism, first nationally, then literally globally. Podunk Tennessee is just as much a target as Jaipur India. The Elites have more in common with each other, than the people the claim to lead, but really rule. Of course the Middle Class is always ready to help the Elite at the expense of everyone else, they are the apparachnicks supporting the Party and Moscow … the narrative gets broken when the Elite starting throwing their Middle Class clients under the bus. All societies are moved by greed and fear. This is a question of personal development and character … not economics or politics. If the people are bad, then the politics and economics will be bad. And the government can’t push that rope … though they do pull the rope of greed and fear, asymmetrically … to achieve the goals of the Elite. Reply ↓ Vatch January 27, 2017 at 10:08 am Western Civilization lives on colonization. True, but several other civilizations also thrive on colonization. Witness the Chinese colonization of Tibet and eastern Turkestan (Xinjiang), and the colonies of Chinese communities all over Southeast Asia. The Chinese also have commercial colonial activities in Africa, although this is still on a much lower scale than the European and American activities in Africa. Islam spread far from Arabia to the islands of Indonesia, the nations of central Asia and west Africa. Then there’s Russia, which is part of Western Civilization, but is also somewhat separate. Russia’s colonial empire is vast. Reply ↓ Expat January 27, 2017 at 10:46 am I think equating ethnic Chinese communities with colonization is a stretch. I am not sure if you are trying to defend the West or simply attack the world at large, but there is a huge difference between a hundred thousand Chinese living in, say, Vancouver and US military bases in just about every nation on earth. Reply ↓ Vatch January 27, 2017 at 11:01 am The presence of U.S. military bases just about everywhere is an aberration, and is not an example of Western Civilization in general. I’m neither trying to defend the West or attack the world at large. I’m just pointing out that Disturbed Voter oversimplified the reality of colonialism. Your choice of Vancouver as an example is misleading, and the majority population of Singapore would be a better example of overseas Chinese colonization. The imperialistic colonization of Tibet and Xinjiang is very similar to what the U.S. has done to American Indians. Reply ↓ Anon January 27, 2017 at 5:27 pm The US did not colonize the North American natives; it explicitly exterminated them. Yes, most died from small pox, but the US Cavalry ensured many died from small bullets. Reply ↓ ToivoS January 28, 2017 at 12:55 am Han Chinese have been living in Xinjiang since the Tang dynasty (more than 1000 years ago. Today the population is about 50:50:: Han:Uighers. Somehow this does not sound like colonization. Tibet has also been a province of China at least since the Sung dynasty. Reply ↓ LT January 27, 2017 at 12:15 pm Any country currently infighting over the spoils of exploitation and colonization will have to come to terms with what level of comfort can be maintained without that present and/or historical reliance on various form of colonization and exploitation. That includes all the diverse populations within a country that expects a share of the spoils. Reply ↓ Thirdeye January 28, 2017 at 2:43 am It’s anachronistic to talk about “spoils of colonization” benefiting any particular nation in the era of globalization. Everybody in the productive classes, especially those holding a significant amount of debt, is in essence a colonial subject of the financial classes, The only beneficiaries of globalization, including unrestricted immigration, are the financial classes. We in the US have globalization to thank for the fact that we have gone from a value-added economy to an asset-inflation economy driven by mountains of debt. Reply ↓ Disturbed Voter January 27, 2017 at 6:46 pm Yes, Western Civilization is not unique. I would have addressed this differently to a Chinese audience, and would have posted thru TOR ;-) Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:38 am I agree with Vatch, and it’s always useful to have historical perspective, as long as it doesn’t turn into “Well, actually….” which isn’t helpful in our current plight. Reply ↓ I Have Strange Dreams January 27, 2017 at 6:44 am An excellent piece of writing – much better than could be found in the msm. I believe the break up of the US is inevitable. Russian political scientist prof. Igor Panarin thought it was 50/50 to have happened by 2010. What will the new nations be called? Clintonia, Mexicali, Anarchia, Texola? Reply ↓ Knot Galt January 27, 2017 at 10:30 am There is still too much to lose and those already lost, or in flyover country, no longer have the means to start, let alone participate in, a breakup of this country. Inside the U.S., a break up of the States would just be too expensive for the majority and would still be too uncomfortable to a vaster majority. It would be a zero sum game that even the elites will shy away from. After all, there is the largess of the US Government to use to your advantage; that is if you are the one in power. And there are plenty of individuals who play the two party system both ways? (Out of balance right now are the self-made idiots who are split between the Obama and Clinton camps; both of which in my estimation form their own agencies of corruption.) That’s not to say a break up would be impossible. Outside influences and spheres of power could wreak havoc but that seems unlikely too. However, there are a myriad of ‘black swans’ that could occur and those are the signs we should be looking out for. History and life on this planet is not always evolutionary. Sometimes it is revolutionary and revolutions, or sudden change, is difficult to predict. But they do happen. Always with results disastrous to the status quo. Again, I don’t think a breakup is inevitable. However, everything else may be ‘just-fodder’ sitting around for the next conflagration? Reply ↓ Oregoncharles January 27, 2017 at 1:06 pm http://www.rawstory.com/2017/01/calexit-takes-a-step-closer-group-cleared-to-collect-signatures-for-ballot-measure/ It begins. Cali wouldn’t exit by itself. Granted, this was supposedly settled in 1865, but the issue seems to be coming up again. Reply ↓ Waldenpond January 27, 2017 at 2:38 pm Everything old is new again. Rs and libertarians try to break up the state to gained electoral power… it fails. Rs, libertarians and what? liberals want to break off? It might be possible with WA,OR and CA plus some others (MT,ID,NV, AZ won’t, maybe hop over to CO?) but they have the same problem that state efforts to override the electoral college… the constitution. 2/3 of the House, 2/3 of the Senate, 75% of the states. Reply ↓ Anon January 27, 2017 at 5:35 pm With Trump the Constitution means nothing. Try and locate California Governor’s 2017 State of the State address. Or listen closely to the words of Ca. Attorney General: Ca. sends more money to the Feds than it receives in return—cutting funding is a two-way street. I agree that a CA-OR-WA secession is the most likely to succeed. Reply ↓ Waking Up January 27, 2017 at 7:58 pm People from Southern Oregon and Northern California have tried numerous secession attempts to make the “State of Jefferson” since 1852. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 8:14 pm California is not going to secede. While the state pays more than it gets back, I’m pretty sure the power players in California — like the Silicon Valley dudes — get more than they contribute. The Silicon Valley boys that were agitating for secession are already getting cosy with the Trump family. Expect that to continue. I wonder what would happen to employment in Silicon Valley if it wasn’t part of the United States of America, with the United States of America’s visa program, for example? What would happen to California’s international trade if it had to set up its own currency? And for the record, California is a hellhole for many of its citizens. A lot of the problems James describes are true in California, as well. Just because a lot of fools marched to the polls for Hillary Clinton does not mean they are happy with neoliberalism or happy in general. Los Angeles and San Francisco both have exploding crises with homelessness and housing unaffordability; we have the best set-up for ACA utilization, but it is still failing here in many ways; our transportation is bad and getting worse. It’s a known phenomenon in LA that middle-aged people who used to be executives (at least middle management) in the entertainment business have never returned to traditional employment. We certainly have a better safety net than a lot of other states, but neoliberalism is still the Democratic Party way, we are a one party, Democratic government, and we are also suffering as a state. Our famously “liberal” governor happily sold our water to Nestle for a song during the worst of the drought, and allowed more to be contaminated with fracking. I don’t want to secede, and be subject to the whims of Tim Cook and George Clooney. I am a leftist. They are my enemies. We would need a leftist government and a whole lot of infrastructure (like solar energy storage for a new California grid, and some way to handle our water problem) for it to make even a morsel of sense. Reply ↓ cm January 28, 2017 at 12:44 am East vs. West secession is the only possibilty due to geographic/weather issues. Reply ↓ bob January 27, 2017 at 10:38 pm Cali. Every time someone brings up cali. How much land in cali does fed gov own? How much of that land is currently occupied by US armed forces, in the form of militarily bases? “they seceded, and then before putting the pen down, started negotiating the terms of their surrender.” Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:42 am The secession question nobody ever asks: Where are the nukes stored? Reply ↓ pretzelattack January 28, 2017 at 2:52 am which leads to some other questions, but i’m not sure how specific one wants to be on this subject. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles January 27, 2017 at 1:10 pm http://www.rawstory.com/2017/01/calexit-takes-a-step-closer-group-cleared-to-collect-signatures-for-ballot-measure/ So it begins, and Cali wouldn’t exit by itself – it would take the whole left coast with it. Granted, we thought this was settled in 1865, at vast cost; but it seems to be coming up again. Reply ↓ Dave January 27, 2017 at 2:28 pm That’s only Coastal California, where I live, in the Bay Area, in the belly of the Hilldebeast. In my county, the cadres for succession, are in no particular order the Grateful Red Diaper Babies, their newly arrived cousins with their Teslas, Hispanics and a young traumatized pussycats in pussyhats. California activism is powerful. We have a process whereby the voters can put state initiatives on the ballot. They often go nowhere, i.e. Actually California did get to vote directly, rather than through a presidential candidate on illegal immigration back in 1994 with Proposition 187. The voters, 59 to 41%, said no to illegals right to obtain public services like hospitals, housing and welfare. However one judge, Mariana Pfaelzer, a Clinton appointee, ruled it unconstitutional and the politicians never got around to appealing that ruling. You can thank that corrupt Beverly Hills judge for helping to elect Donald Trump. In spite of the Trumpphobia, there is a strong balancing force pro trump: http://www.realclearpolicy.com/2016/10/10/intellectual_capital_of_trump039s_gop_32529.html Reply ↓ pretzelattack January 27, 2017 at 5:25 pm why do you say the judge was corrupt? if the politicians never appealed the decsion, they probably thought they would lose in a higher court. and clinton won california heavily, so i don’t see how that decision helped elect trump. Reply ↓ Scott January 28, 2017 at 1:30 am only reason I saw to vote strategically was for the Democratic Party’s ostensible adoption of the Sanders Platform. Reply ↓ Anon January 27, 2017 at 5:39 pm California Prop 187 was the end of Republicans in the state. Dems now have a super-majority in the Legislature and can override any vetoed legislation. The state supreme court is another matter. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 8:20 pm And yet, oddly, no progressive economic legislation gets passed by our super-majority. Reply ↓ Carla January 27, 2017 at 10:41 pm BINGO! Maybe that’s why Yves calls this Naked Capitalism. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:46 am Was it really proposition 187? I would have thought it was the proposition that put the top-two vote gainers on the ballot, even if they were both Democrats. Reply ↓ aab January 28, 2017 at 3:15 am Here in California, the mythology, at least, is that it was 187. That’s what corporate media told me; I wasn’t as suspicious then as I am now, and I wasn’t looking for more granular analysis. Pretty sure the jungle primaries came later, as a way for the neoliberal Democrats to guarantee they could keep their left flank shut out of power. Reply ↓ pissed younger baby boomer January 28, 2017 at 12:25 am It is already starting the collapse look around your area ,where you live .increasing poor and the new poor since 2008 depression . Detroit, Cleveland and Baltimore have no manufacturing in there city , if there is industrial production those cities .Then it is drying . I see it when I visit Salem OR near me and I visit Portland OR few times a year. I never heard or read of any dead empires come back to life. now it is our turn to decided the fate of our nation .That’s if all of us get our heads of out are rear ends . Reply ↓ different clue January 28, 2017 at 3:52 am I hope it is still ” evitable”. But if it can’t be prevented, I hope the Free and Separate countries of Great Lakestan and Appalachia are able to emerge from the wreckage. Reply ↓ Ulysses January 27, 2017 at 7:02 am “We provide cheap labor. Comfortable people have decided that most of us aren’t really needed. Immigration, free trade, and automation have made us redundant but we’re not going away.” The comfortable people wouldn’t last a week without all the workers who make their lives comfortable. They are particularly dependent on workers driving trucks, on the docks, and in the warehouses who ensure access to all those goods made overseas. The ancient Roman republic emerged when the plebeians removed themselves from the city in a general strike. [Titus Livius (Livy), Ab urbe condita libri, 1,59] Our only hope to restore our Republic is through a similar show of class solidarity and resolve. Reply ↓ Norm January 27, 2017 at 9:54 am There are lots of people all over the world who would be happy to work on our docks and drive our trucks for a lot less than those pushy flyover people would be willing to work for. Exploitation will continue until the exploited throughout the global economy start to really care about each other’s welfare. Don’t hold your breath. Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy January 27, 2017 at 12:52 pm “There are lots of people all over the world who would be happy to work on our docks and drive our trucks for a lot less than those pushy flyover people would be willing to work for” Wow, Norm, keep punching down. Spoken like a true unapologetic globalist. Those greedy flyover people with their SHRINKING LIFE EXPECTANCY are living high on the hog off the coastal elites! Reply ↓ Binky January 27, 2017 at 1:35 pm While the west coast elites are people from….the Midwest and South who took the initiative to go to where the opportunity was. Some even made their nut and moved back to buy land, start organic farms, and bring back some jobs suitable for people who didn’t get along with school or business culture, or didn’t feel like they could leave. Why, it’s almost like there isn’t really an Us and Them; it’s like an All of Us Are in Trouble So Deep We can’t Worry About Your Problems. Our flavor of Capitalism from the Reagan/Thatcher days is theology that all of us have bought into to be where we are, though. It’s your own damn fault you’re broke. Shoulda got an engineering degree so you could compete with H1b labor. Don’t hang out with those people or it will be your own damn fault when you get shot or arrested. Accountability! Reply ↓ Dave January 27, 2017 at 2:46 pm “There are lots of people all over the world who would be happy to work on our docks and drive our trucks for a lot less than those pushy flyover people would be willing to work for” Anyone who thinks heartland people are working the docks, or driving truck, at least in Northern California, is mistaken. The majority of truck drivers carrying containers out of the main Northern California port, Oakland, are turban wearing Sikhs. I have no idea why they are taking over truck driving, except possibly, Oakland City Governments’ minority preference policies. The second new group almost monopolizing truck driving are really young Hispanics. They work cheap. The only white truckdrivers, from wherever, I see around here, are speeding around in FedEx trucks at breakneck speed, trying to service the debt, buy gas, insurance, unforms as part of their “independent contractor” servitude. The “-Ex” in FedEx is green. The “Ex” that is orange, shows them to be regular employees. This is why we always use United Parcel Service, who treat their employees like employees and who can earn a sustainable wage. Reply ↓ Flame January 28, 2017 at 1:29 am The Sikhs who are driving the trucks are traditionally driving trucks (& buses and taxis) in India. It’s what they do. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:57 am Excellent point on UPS vs. FedEx Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:59 am Shorter, assuming this comment is not parody: Everybody should move to Brooklyn and become an artisanal pickle maker. In the face of what even conventional economists say is a collapse in aggregate demand. “Accountability” is a two-way street. The ComfortaBubble™ may not like it when it comes. Reply ↓ PhilM January 27, 2017 at 2:35 pm Norm looks like the realist here to me. You have to follow his logic through: until you “build the wall,” there will be no power for labor here. People who wage predatory class warfare, saying “the rich should be expropriated so I can have more,” or “I will buy the right to control these markets and exploit my monopoly,” are like the middle fish in the three-fish comic. There’s a planet of 6 billion people saying exactly the same thing with their lips smacking. “Where do you put the wall” is the most difficult question of all, but unless everybody agrees, the city will not survive the siege as a productive unit. Reply ↓ different clue January 28, 2017 at 3:54 am I hope Norm is being sarcastic. On the Internet you can never tell. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles January 27, 2017 at 1:08 pm That’s why immigration is an issue, as well as offshoring. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:03 am Yep. And forty years after the process they helped set in motion and sell, mainstream economists are saying “Oh my goodness, the averages concealed the fact that the benefits were unevenly distributed!” [slapping foreheads] “We forgot to compensate the losers!” Chickens coming home to roost or, more elegantly, Hosea 8:7. Reply ↓ redleg January 27, 2017 at 9:47 pm And right there is the explanation for Trump support in rural America, as well as their collective antipathy towards immigrants. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:48 am It has occurred to me that today’s equivalent for the French peasants burning the land records in 1789’s “Great Fear” would be people in flyover states (or, for that matter, suburban New Jersey) cutting water and power to the data centers in their areas. Reply ↓ skippy January 28, 2017 at 2:57 am That will get you on Santa’s secret list Lambert…. snicker… Reply ↓ digi_owl January 27, 2017 at 7:05 am “We have long lines, empty shelves, and the kids, black and white, always seem aware that they’re not safe.” Sounds oddly similar to the lines written about a certain “socialist” nation thats doing so bad down south… Reply ↓ Adamski January 27, 2017 at 10:25 am And they have a balance of payments problem due to the plunge in the oil price and the same has happened under right-wing govts. What’s America’s excuse? Reply ↓ twisted January 27, 2017 at 7:13 am What are you complaining about, James F? Both Madonna and Julia Roberts can afford food for them and theirs. And medicine if their kids get sick. And they don’t have to worry if their children will be able to make ends meet when they grow up. They have every right to bitch and whinge if anyone else dares to want the same for their own family. I offer one cold consolation. If the political left can’t work out how to stop blaming everything on Putin and/or Russia, sooner or later there will be a war – not the kind which is fought by watching CNN on a TV but a real, shooting war, and not against some tin-pot country which hasn’t a hope of either defending themselves or retaliating. Then the children of the Madonnas and Julias will be fighting and dying right beside the children of the deplorables from the fly-over states. Reply ↓ a different chris January 27, 2017 at 8:32 am >hey have every right to bitch and whinge if anyone else dares to want the same for their own family. ???? They didn’t say they should have and others should have not. It doesn’t help us to make up stuff — or maybe it does, but I’m not going to be part of it. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 1:07 pm +1 I don’t think our political advocates should be entertainment industry people but … no they aren’t saying that. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 9:25 am I can’t find any consolation in our situation. People I love on both sides of a growing divide are getting more or more angry and more and more willing to make war on other people I love. Sometimes I just want to scream stop while you can. My comment was written in a passion because I keep seeing the face of a lovely young woman going home to country that was about to implode. She couldn’t see it coming. She knew Yugoslavia had major problems but she couldn’t imagine that people that were friends and family would go to war with other and then they did. I don’t want to believe that she died or that she killed and I really can’t imagine any other possibilities. Reply ↓ Lupemax January 27, 2017 at 10:02 am Thank you for your article. It made me cry. I shared it with people I hope will read it, but probably won’t, because they know so much more than I do. It was insightful and poignant and compassionate. All of which is so lacking in most of the other media, or most people I talk to these days. I live in a tony suburb of Massachusetts where “flyover country” is mentioned in my town’s listserve with condescension. Those hurting in this state (Springfield, New Bedford, Leominster, Lawrence, etc.) are virtually invisible to the golden building on the hill, that way the pols don’t have to do anything to help them – they’re not there. As The State senate and house vote for a huge pay raise for themselves, that is veto proof. I keep recommending NC to many many people and I know few to none have even tried it. I know, I ask. I have given up on most everything else. And still even democracynow this morning dwelt on the march numbers from the weekend and on Bannon because he told the press to “shut up” because it is fake news. It amazes me how Bannon/Goebbels has everyone’s attention but then he has his fingers on the upcoming violence too. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 12:10 pm You’re welcome, Lupemax. Reply ↓ fco January 27, 2017 at 12:50 pm ditto, a thousand times ditto! Reply ↓ Judith January 27, 2017 at 10:15 am The documentary film We Are All Neighbors, by the Norwegian anthropologist Tone Bringa, will validate your concerns about your friend. It documents what happened in a village of Christians and Muslims in Bosnia during the civil war. How people who had been friends and neighbors for decades became estranged. I saw it when I was taking a human rights and anthropology class. A deeply troubling story. https://www.therai.org.uk/film/film-sales/we-are-all-neighbours Reply ↓ Ivy January 27, 2017 at 1:39 pm One way to get the attention of Americans on that issue would be to bring up a basketball story. Vlade Divac and Drazen Petrovic were once friends, and then war broke out. Being on opposite sides of the Serbian-Croatian divide split them up. There was an ESPN 30-For-30 episode to capture the attention of sports fans and others. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 1:10 pm But what might liberals/leftists or whatever screaming about? They know that there are whole other groups of people that are going to be in a WORLD OF HURT with Trump. The native American folks at standing rock for one thing … (no Obama is not good I know that already). So it’s not all lack of empathy, and it’s not all P.C., it’s sometimes empathy and fear for the harm people like Trump will do to people and planet (no not every single thing he does is bad). Reply ↓ JonboinAR January 27, 2017 at 1:59 pm Trump is not necessarily going to do all those terrible things ascribed to his presumed intentions, but I imagine that you didn’t mean to suggest he was. We write in a slight amount of haste on these blogs and our precise words shouldn’t be parsed too closely. I would think you mean that, by his words, and maybe his early appointments, that there is a greater chance of these bad directions being made in a Trump presidency rather than in a Clinton one. I guess I can’t disagree with that, in general. But applying the same tools of predicting, tea-leaf reading, or what have you, to Clinton, had she won there’s a greater chance that we would see the end of the world as we know it. She was provoking Russia in a way that rational US leaders simply don’t do. She’s also, in my opinion, shown during her term in the Senate and as SOS, a neo-con like recklessness with regard to destabilizing nations where it suits “our” strategic purpose. From what I understand these followed policies have left a huge amount of havoc in their wake to dubious benefit. So I guess I can’t see how electing Clinton would have been particularly likely to yield an improved result. But perhaps you, and others, aren’t trying to say it would have. I don’t know, Reply ↓ JonboinAR January 27, 2017 at 2:19 pm Also, I think her economic philosophy is every bit as rightward leaning as Trump’s, if not more so. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:09 am > liberals/leftists or whatever No. Liberals are because markets. That’s why we have ObamaCare instead of Medicare for All. The left is not. Big difference! It is, of course, in the interests of both liberals and conservatives to confuse the two, to try force what is in fact a three-dimensional space back into a two-dimensional one. Reply ↓ Norb January 27, 2017 at 1:32 pm The frustration I feel with friends and acquaintances is the sense of, “why can’t you see?” The acceptance of propaganda- that war, poverty, ignorance and inequality are acceptable norms not to be questioned but excused is abhorrent. That systemic social failures are placed on isolated individual characteristics of a weak person, rather than the consequences of social organizational priorities. To see the necessity to seek peace and love over violence. My workplace is becoming intolerable for me. It is a very liberal place, and the endless anti-Trump rhetoric and joking hilarity they find in our current national dilemma is tragic. I want to scream- this is not some form of entertainment, but the blank stares of effrontery at calling them out on the inappropriateness of it all leaves a void that is becoming unbridgeable. They are safe and secure in their worldview and wish to stay there. I keep asking myself, what will it take for these people, who I care about, to see the real danger. Great piece of writing by the way. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 2:03 pm Most of my work places have been very much middle class people doing ok, and often leaning economically Republican. I know it’s dangerous to talk politics at work anyway, you can’t be left of Lenin in the corporate workplace you know (haha well maybe not quite that left :)) Reply ↓ laughingsong January 27, 2017 at 6:43 pm Back when Glasnost was the things, Babs Bush created a program of pen pals with USSR countries. I jumped at the chance and got a lovely family in Tbilisi. During the dissolution things got ugly there. I never heard from them after that. I sent maybe four unanswered letters. It was an awful feeling, not knowing. I am comfortable. I haven’t always been, and maybe that gives me a different perspective. That, and the fact that most of my closest friends are very not comfortable. What I am experiencing now is a huge rift with my comfortable friends, and these friendships actually may die. I can’t help it, I get so angry when they are all in sending money to the Red Cross or Sponsor a Child, but ‘deplore’ their own neighbors and fellow citizens. I have lost it more than once. I am now finding other ‘comfortable’ people who are also having this problem. It feels almost surreal having to convince people who volunteer to give time and money to save an animal, or an overseas population, to actually give a hoot about suffering under their noses. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 8:29 pm I don’t know if this helps, and I still haven’t caught up to everything in this thread, but I believe the majority of Californians would be unwilling to go to war for the neoliberal project. And we’re where most of that vaunted “popular vote win” comes from. People who aren’t from here or didn’t engage at all at the grass roots level this year are being misled by that talking point. And if California (and Washington) won’t go to war, I don’t see where that army comes from. I’m not saying the country won’t explode (further) in violence, but I don’t see how it becomes a formal civil war. You need two forces for that. And the people that are othering the citizens of the interior are a lazy, selfish, cowardly minority, with no culture history to lure them toward warrior status. We’re a suffering people. But that suffering is better understood and more shared in the Democratic citadels than the Democratic media elite are letting on. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:12 am > If California (and Washington) won’t go to war, I don’t see where that army comes from Perhaps not a war, but a putsch? A few cycles of escalation onward, that’s would the punching Nazis thing could lead to. The liberals are really working themselves up (and forgetting they’re not actually the ones who fought the wars….) Reply ↓ aab January 28, 2017 at 3:41 am The thing is, the liberals aren’t punching anybody; they’re just enjoying the spectacle while yammering on social media. Wasn’t it a black bloc dude that punched Spencer? I found all the cheering around that very distasteful, so I haven’t paid all that much attention to it, but I don’t think one of the pussy cap chicks did or will throw a punch. They have an app for that. That’s my key point. People looking at the news, and all the “three million votes”/California seceding stuff misunderstand what’s going on here. This is not a Democratic paradise for the non-10%. The voting base here is to the left of the elected and professional party members. My direct participation (like at the party elections this month) as well as being hooked into California Left social media, also suggests this, although I realize that’s mere anecdote. But I really don’t think all the young Hispanics who probably contributed greatly to Hillary’s big vote totals in the general election would actually go to war for the liberals. Already, fissures are opening up. I saw a LOT of complaints about how the comfortable white women treated women of color at the march in DC. And for an actual Civil War, wouldn’t we need liberals actually joining some version of a military, and all those young, screwed-over Millennials marching behind them? I just don’t see it. Not to mention, having only concentrated citadels on the coasts seems like a nightmare in terms of trying to fight an actual land war. You and Yves have trained me to think in more concrete terms about these issues. It’s like the whole California seceding thing. Even if the rest of the country said, “Fine, go!” and didn’t mess with the grid and happily negotiated water treaties, how are we supposed to set up a going currency? I’m still new to understanding this issue, but wouldn’t that be a problem? I’m not saying the country couldn’t devolve into chaos. Arguably, that has already started. But that’s not quite the same as one half of the country setting out to murder the other half in a systematic way. “California” is not a monolithic entity stuffed with Silicon Valley douchebros and pussy cap wearing symbol manipulators. They’re the minority here, just as they are everywhere else. And those working class people of color who may still feel enough allegiance to the Democratic Party to vote for it in elections I don’t think are going to follow Joss Whedon and Meryl Streep into the gates of hell. Nor do I think Meryl would put a single one of her children in harm’s way for the sake of the cause. And wouldn’t that kind of demonstration of commitment be necessary? Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:49 am That’s why I reframed Civil War (no operational capability for that) with putsch (just possibly). But yes, it’s great to have more detail on the ground. This is such a vast country, so much more vast than you can see from the Acela… Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 27, 2017 at 11:44 am > If the political left can’t work out how to stop blaming everything on Putin and/or Russia, You’ve got the left confused with the liberals. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 12:52 pm not even liberals, the Dem party. Reply ↓ LC January 27, 2017 at 2:36 pm +1 AND the Dem party is mostly the opposite of “left” – after all, the two major parties in the US are both neoliberal. The dumpster fire that is the Trump administration is diverting attention from the Dems pathetic inability to change course. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:14 am I think when push comes to shove, the two are the same, sadly. If somebody wants to explain how to split them off, I’m happy to listen. Reply ↓ different clue January 28, 2017 at 3:58 am Well . . . that’s why I voted against Clinton . . . was to prevent or at least delay a war between America and Russia. Though those Sanders leftists who were bitter enough to vote against Clinton one way or another are not the get-tough-on-Putin problem. Only the people who supported Clinton and/or voted for her are the problem. Reply ↓ salvo January 27, 2017 at 7:13 am great comment, thank you Reply ↓ bigorangecat January 27, 2017 at 7:33 am this is why obama will go down as the worst president ever not only for the nasty stuff that he did do, but for what he refused to do when it was absolutely neccessary to do it. everyone who argued that demographics would be the deus ex machina that would save the left should be herded onto an ice floe and shoved towards greenland. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 7:47 am Please, again, repeat after me: OBAMA IS NOT A LEFTIST! He was neoliberal! He wasn’t not even that solid on social issues. He didn’t support gay marriage until it was very safe to do so. What did he do to stop the denial of abortion rights in the heartland (recall it wasn’t just the intimidation by protestors but the lack of funding for poor women)? He was slow and very cautious in dealing with Ferguson. And look at his Supreme Court picks. Better than what you’d get from a Republican but that isn’t saying much. Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo January 27, 2017 at 9:03 am He had Overclass support in 2008 because they knew that he would harmlessly dissipate the energies and demands that motivated people to vote for him… a political shape-shifter of the worst (well, OK, Corey Booker is the actual worst) kind, whose legacy is Trump and Republican control of the country. I dread having to hear his emissions of “uplifting” platitudes in the coming years, while lobotomized liberals pine for the arrogant complacency he provided them. Reply ↓ different clue January 28, 2017 at 4:02 am If the Ds nominate something like Booker, I will vote for Trump all over again. Because Booker or something-like-Booker would try to revive the Clintonite goals of Free Trade Agreements, regime change all over the world, and reviving the Cold War 2.0 with Russia. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner January 27, 2017 at 9:49 am If I recall, Obama’s support for the repeal of DADT came after a federal judge ruled it unconstitutional for the district that includes the Pentagon and his support for gay marriage came after OFA actively worked against the candidate opposed to that hideous North Carolina amendment for the Governor’s nomination. Joe Biden came out and said the President secretly supports gay marriage, and the White House went to the ground for three days before Obama came out and mumbled about how he personally supports gay marriage but wants it left to the states. The North Carolina Democrats have completely collapsed since OFA’s chicanery. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:16 am > OFA’s chicanery [in North Carolina] So Moral Mondays is an outcome of the (Democrat-engineered) collapse of what OFA should have been. Reply ↓ CDT January 27, 2017 at 10:37 am A thousand times, yes. A neoliberal with manners is not a leftist. James F., I see the same things you do, but the “left” — to the extent it even exists – is not the enemy. True left-wing people hate the liberal establishment more than anyone. Reply ↓ Lee January 27, 2017 at 11:16 am Make that 1001 times yes. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic January 27, 2017 at 11:31 am True left-wing people hate the liberal establishment more than anyone. Thank you. Our loathing of the establishment is a festering wound. We know perfectly well we’ve been sold out for campaign donations and power. The idea of Makers and Takers is the toxic poison that will destroy our country. People don’t realize what they really fighting is the dark side of capitalism. Until we correct how we view money and who deserves it, we are lost. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 11:42 am Right you are. Reply ↓ Expat January 27, 2017 at 10:50 am Sadly, Yves, Obama was simply a politician. “Change we can believe in!” Yep, as in no change at all. I sometimes try to believe that Obama wanted to do the right things but then faced a very hostile Washington and Wall Street. When I am feeling more cynical, I think that he was really just Bush with a deep tan. The nutcases on the right love to call Obama a communist (when they are not calling him a nigger, muslim, kenyan, or elitist liberal). We have not had a left wing president in the US since….well, ever. LBJ was probably the last one to carry out major left-leaning policies and LBJ was not, by most accounts, much of a red. Reply ↓ JonboinAR January 27, 2017 at 2:16 pm I think Obama just wanted to reach the pinnacle of his chosen profession, politics. I don’t think he has any particular abiding polical, social, economic, or other relevant philosophy, or approached his terms in office with strongly felt goals, at all, certaily none thought through or strategized. He was really little more than a gifted, fairly handsome speech giver. Reply ↓ LT January 27, 2017 at 11:59 am Mr. Smith… “Liberalism as Class Warfare” posted on Conterpunch today is a good emphasis to your point. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:17 am Here’s the link. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield January 27, 2017 at 10:01 am Obama was the best 1990’s Republican President that Newt could have wished for: #1. Got the Health Care plan proposed by the Heritage Foundation as an alternative to Hillary’s plan in the early 90’s by Democratic votes. #2. Passed one of the largest tax cuts in history under the excuse of a “stimulus”. #3. Continued and expanded military conflicts across the world. If I told you it was Colin Powell supporting all these policies instead of Obama, I would nod and tell you that this was all expected. Reply ↓ Skip Intro January 27, 2017 at 11:48 am ‘Obama’s Agenda’ didn’t need to get pushed through, he had bipartisan consensus for it. His campaign slogans were never really on the table, and those of us who believed him learned the hard way. On the bright side, his betrayal basically killed the whole Identity Politics scam and thus saved the world from another President Clinton. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:24 am > [Obama’s] betrayal basically killed the whole Identity Politics scam If so, IdPol is a zombie, because it’s still walking around (and getting funded). Reply ↓ different clue January 28, 2017 at 4:06 am And wearing Pink KittyCaps. ( The Pink KittyCap marches are mainly about de-legitimizing Trump strictly and only in order to engineer a Clintonite Restoration after getting Trump removed in favor of Pence . . . who is really just a Clinton Sandwhich with a bunch of Evangelical gravy on it). Reply ↓ Benedict@Large January 27, 2017 at 12:34 pm Obama is hardly the worst ever. In fact, he’s only bad if you say he’s a leftist. Obama is probably typical of perhaps a Nixon (minus Watergate) or Eisenhower presidency. The real problem with Obama is in what he could and should have done but failed to do. When you have a systemic collapse (and there were/are more than one), a systemic response is necessary, and each time Obama was thus called upon, his stock answer was to further embed and secure the roles of the perpetrators. But that is not a “worst ever” response. It is merely a Republican response. Reply ↓ aab January 28, 2017 at 3:48 am Except that’s not his party, his voter base, or his “brand,” so trying to fight him was like fighting smoke, and made his Trojan Horse con much more effective. He may not be the worse President ever, but I believe entering office with almost a super-majority and then overseeing the functional death of the oldest political party in the country due to your governing decisions is pretty bad. As is the fact that he had an opportunity to make the history books not simply for his melanin content but for leadership in a time of crisis, and he punted. Again and again and again. Reply ↓ skippy January 27, 2017 at 2:25 pm NC covered this ages ago, many time imo… His pattern of grand promises producing at-best-in-name only and at worst outright bait and switch was well established by his 2008 campaign. Some close observers pointed out his past legerdemain, for instance, his misleading account of his years in New York, his record of fronting for finance and real estate interests in Chicago, his promise to bring a state-wide health care program to Illinois, which in the end was walked back to a mere study. And there were more decisive tells in 2008: the high level of Wall Street funding for his campaign, the inclusion of neoliberal “Chicago boys” in his economics team, his reversal on FISA after promising to filibuster it, which gave retroactive immunity to telecoms for aiding and abetting illegal wiretapping, and his whipping for TARP. Obama didn’t make compromises necessary to lead effectively. He entered office with majorities in both houses and a country eager for a new direction. He has repudiated or retraded every pledge he made. He promised transformational leadership, and instead emulated Wall Street, devising complex programs that to sell average Americans short and reap his funders handsome rewards in the process. Rather than elevate his fellow citizens, Obama’s transactional focus and neoliberal philosophy have kicked the struggling middle class down the road greased by the right. http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2012/05/barack-obama-the-great-deceiver.html disheveled…. additional searches available… Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny January 27, 2017 at 7:39 am When I got an “Our Revolution” email yesterday about California taking unilateral steps to disobey Trump’s executive orders, my first thought was “civil war looms”. I don’t think the US can manage the stresses between its factions any longer. I pray that a decent political compromise and reforms can be put in place before there is blood in the streets. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 8:14 am Quite a few of his executive orders don’t get him all that far in terms of action. He looks to be using them to show his base he’s delivering on his promises when he hasn’t really or hasn’t yet. Reactions like those of CA thus play into the image of Trump having taking much more ground than he really has. If Trump gets control of the military and intel apparatus, CA does not have a leg to stand on. The NSA has the capacity to shut down the electrical grid all over the US. There are probably more measured ways to discipline CA (like having the Navy selectively interfere with shipments into Long Beach). Let us not forget that most of the people who use guns in their line of work voted for Trump. Reply ↓ Moneta January 27, 2017 at 8:24 am Then it just goes to show that the system is bigger than the person… the system needed a neoliberal and got one… so Obama could not change anything because he was the neoliberal needed to fill the spot. The question now is whether the system can change direction and if so what is the tipping point. Reply ↓ UserFriendly January 27, 2017 at 10:00 am That is some BS defeatist crap. The system hates change but that didn’t stop FDR, MLK or Gandhi. Reply ↓ ambrit January 27, 2017 at 12:36 pm MLK was killed just as he was embarking on a social justice course. Civil rights for a segment of the population was barely doable. Civil rights for all was not. Someone once quipped that they wondered how well Gandhi would have done had he gone up against Hitler. Remember that Gandhi was a sophisticated manipulator of public opinion. Sociopaths consider their own prejudices to be public opinion, to be enforced with maximum force if need be. FDR didn’t so much change the Capitalist system as save it. As authoritarian a figure as Bismarck realized the necessity of social welfare programs for the stability of modern industrial civilization. So, each of the figures you referred to tweaked the extant system, not fully remade it. Napoleon was defeated by a coalition of states. They were not identical, but congruous in their methodologies. Napoleon utilized the new found powers of a true social revolution that he inherited; the citizen army, based on industrialization. As for Moneta’s “tipping point,” well, I would lay my bets on some visible expression of contempt of the elites for the ‘lower orders.’ The dismantling of Social Security should do the trick. See you at the barricades. Reply ↓ Moneta January 27, 2017 at 1:18 pm One thing I have noticed over time is that most of the progressive changes were not done because it was the nice or fair thing to do. They were done to serve some powerful group’s interests. Most of the time when progressives get what they want, it’s because resources are plentiful. When scarcity hits, discrimination goes through the roof. Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo January 27, 2017 at 2:13 pm An intelligent Overclass with minimal awareness of its mid/long term interests will have at least an influential faction that recognizes when concessions must be made in order to save the system that enriches and empowers them. FDR did so, and was reviled for decades as a traitor to his class. This time, we have an Overclass with neither awareness, impulse control nor concern for social cohesion: it’s all smash and grab, all the time. They seem to all be Peter Thiels, dreaming of floating cities of the mega rich, and given eternal life by the blood of the young. Reply ↓ Lyle James January 27, 2017 at 4:58 pm Many historians argue that FDR enacted the socialist legislation he did in order to head off the growing popularity of Communism among both the intelligentsia and the working classes. In other words, rather than being a genuine leftist program, it was a faux-Leftist way of protecting the oligarchical Capitalist society. Reply ↓ Lyle James January 27, 2017 at 5:10 pm Adding … The way FDR threw Henry Wallace under the bus in 1944 supports this view. Wallace represented a genuine Socialist policy. For FDR to capitulate as easily as he did to insider pressure to dump Wallace — in favor of the pro-business TRUMAN?! — shows a complete lack of conviction. Reply ↓ Moneta January 27, 2017 at 1:11 pm I would argue that the system was ready for FDR, MLK and Gandhi. If it wasn’t, they would have been chewed up and spat out. It’s all about being at the right place at the right time with the right package. Reply ↓ pretzelattack January 27, 2017 at 5:43 pm mlk did get chewed up and spat out. i’m not sure what “the system is ready” means. Reply ↓ John Wright January 27, 2017 at 9:42 am California is not the unified monolith the MSM promotes. CA is somewhat similar to the rest of the country, a number of prosperous coastal communities with a central agricultural region, the San Joaquin Valley, that is economically struggling compared to the coastal enclaves. The prosperous coastal regions also have great income inequality with poor and rich communities. Some CA people are aware of how fragile the economic environment and infrastructure is in California. My Los Angeles based brother mentioned hearing that if LA were cut off from its supply lines (trucking, water, utilities) it would be in serious difficulty within three days. If one reads the history of LA water, in the 1920’s the LA aqueduct was dynamited periodically by angry rural citizens watching the Owens Valley water piped 200 miles to LA. I believe that people will put up with a lot if they can foresee a better future, but if that is no longer a widely held belief, the USA could be in great trouble. I suspect the “Our Revolution” email people would be astounded by, and ill-prepared for, a real revolution. Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 12:00 pm The recent water bill almost didn’t get through the Senate because of a battle between Sen. Boxer wanting to protection the delta by San Francisco and the Sen. Feinstein focusing on Central Valley farmers’ water rights. Even the Democrats have different constituencies in CA. Reply ↓ Old Jake January 27, 2017 at 4:40 pm Wars take money. There is certainly lots of money out there, but who is going to finance which factions? Not rhetorical, making sense of that seems to me to be a way of penetrating the fog of the future. Reply ↓ Carla January 27, 2017 at 7:40 am Remarkable, James F. I wish every American had the chance to read it. As one who lives in a city and county that remain blue in the sea of red that is my state and region, I know there are only a handful of people in my acquaintance who would still speak to me if I even sent them your post. Like you, I have family and friends on the coasts, most of whom are oblivious to the realities of life here in flyover country. Hell, plenty of people in my town are doing their damnedest to remain in the dark about it. Anyway, thank you very much for sharing your thoughts and your anger. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 9:28 am You’re welcome Carla. I hope we can keep the people we love. Reply ↓ Northeaster January 27, 2017 at 7:43 am “They couldn’t care less about fifteen years of war or the kids we send to fight it or the kids our kids kill.” Let me correct you, that’s over 25 years we have been sending “kids”, I was one of them. It also started before I was sent as a fellow military colleague was shipped to Saudi Arabia two (2) years before anyone even knew we started full operations over there (1989-ish). Funny, that smell of civil war was just raised in the bluest of blue states, Massachusetts, as our state legislature, in both The State House & The State Senate, in an eat cake fashion, gave themselves ridiculous pay raises. This is just weeks after they received their state constitutional raises due to increases in the state median household income. Throw in that the legislature has also ignored the will and vote of The People via ballot (legalization of pot), and years ago in what triggered automatic reduction in state income tax triggers. If that’s not enough, they have sold out, just like their Congressional brethren when it comes to Wall Street, Big Pharma, and H-1B’s in this state. Just because it’s “blue” doesn’t mean all is well, especially in a state full of political hypocrites. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 9:43 am I was on active during Desert Storm/Shield too. I didn’t deploy but I shipped people out and I processed them back in. It was horrible when drilling reservists got shipped straight from a combat zone to a homeless shelter in ’91. I’m no warrior but I like the company of soldiers. If it wasn’t for my wife’s forethought I probably would have re-upped and never got out. . The post 9-11 kids (they’re kids to me) really get to me though. Maybe it’s because I seem so old and they seem so damn young. I feel more responsible, like I should have done or should be doing more for them. No disrespect meant for the people who deployed to Latin America or the Balkans in the 80’s or 90’s. I guess the post 9-11 kids feel like they could be my kids. Again no disrespect meant. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles January 27, 2017 at 1:14 pm With a certain number of years, you’re entitled to be paternalistic. Reply ↓ Alan Edwards January 27, 2017 at 10:18 am I notice Trump hasn’t said anything lately about the H-1Bs, nor does it look like he’s gonna take any action. H-1Bs take many good paying jobs from middle class Americans and drive down wages, particularly (almost exclusively) in tech, and mainly in california. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 1:14 pm He hasn’t said anything about prison labor either, which takes jobs away from free (non imprisoned that is) people. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:33 am Trump wants to take Silicon Valley from the Democrats. He could succeed. Reply ↓ Judith January 27, 2017 at 10:40 am There is an ad currently displayed in the Harvard Square T Station. It shows a picture of a young woman dressed in fatigues, holding and kissing her infant child. The text says: When Vet benefits can’t keep up, we put food on the table. We’re ending hunger in eastern Massachusetts. The Greater Boston Food Bank. It says a lot about us that our soldiers cannot afford to feed themselves and their families. Reply ↓ Northeaster January 27, 2017 at 12:21 pm James F. – I can relate, I actually feel bad for the kids being sent over there now. At this point, many are simply joining due to no other options as the post-9/11 patriotic enlistment has abated. Then they come back, from the worst environment possible and severely psychologically/emotionally scarred, which is the complete opposite from The Desert Storm days. Alan – I wrote into his campaign, as my publisher (for local paper) had an in, and I sent a Q & A sheet in regard to his “tech” meeting earlier this month. All those present were some of the worst corporate serial abusers of H-1B’s. I still have not heard back, and most likely won’t. I also worked the back channels with members of my state legislature who thought we had an ally in Seth Moulton’s camp. We were wrong. They didn’t want to discuss anything to do with H-1B’s. Judith – Yet Massachusetts spends over $2 BILLION on housing, food/support, and education for Invaders, while the disaster known as the Bedford VA continues. It’s all good though, Beacon Hill just gave themselves a second raise in four weeks and issued a billion dollars of debt issuance to close the budget gap. Reply ↓ Jason Boxman January 27, 2017 at 1:38 pm It’s weird living somewhere big enough other posters see what you see! I’ve seen that same ad. And I had the same question. It’s also disturbing that the subways are filled with ads for both higher education and depression. Interesting, that. Reply ↓ berit January 27, 2017 at 3:10 pm … “ending hunger in eastern Massachusetts … by The Greater Boston Food Bank” … I’ve cut and pasted this comment on top, as I’m sharing this formidable article. It says what needs to be said, here in Europe too, about the deplorable, unsustainable, tragic state of the US, which did not start with the election of Donald Trump. People here were as mesmerized by “hope you can belive in” as his fellow Americans, even prematurely awarding a soon warring, dronebombing prez Obama The Nobel Peace Prize. Reply ↓ semiconscious January 27, 2017 at 7:44 am great post! :) … as long as naked capitalism continues to provide a place for the voice of (non-partisan) reason to be heard is as long as i’ll continue enjoying & supporting it. keep the faith… Reply ↓ Dc buc January 27, 2017 at 7:46 am I agree with most of this post but a lot of flyover has been voting for crazy Republicans for the last 30 years culminating in Trump, with no improvement in their lot. Blame the coastal “elites” , but they aren’t voting for Michelle Bachmann, Louie Gohmert or Jeff Sessions. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 8:04 am Please look at a map. Sessions is from Alabama, which is not flyover, it’s the Deep South. And since I visit Alabama regularly, I have to tell you it is faring better than the Rust Belt. Don’t ask me to explain Bachman, who is from Minnesota, a pretty prosperous and blue state. And Minnesota went for Hillary, or did you miss that? Gohmert is from Texas which is virtually a different country, relatively prosperous and gaining in population, while Flyover is losing people. Reply ↓ Dc buc January 27, 2017 at 8:22 am Fine – it depends on your definition of “flyover” – please spell it out – do you mean places in the North losing population that are not coastal? I’m saying “not the coasts”. But if you want the north losing population, how about Jim Jordan? Shelly Moore Capito? I can come up with more of them. Anyways, many of these places are voting for Koch-backed nutballs with extremist agendas. The Dems or the Berniecarts should compete harder there, but the choices the voters in these districts are making are not helping. Reply ↓ Eureka Springs January 27, 2017 at 9:31 am I think you have to remember what’s on offer is in the – not a dimes worth of difference – category. And the Koch (and their ilk) backed nutballs are also in both parties. As a post by Bill Black just yesterday here on NC pointed in re who funds the Third Way /DLC. Here in Arkansas a few years back the Koch Bros wanted the State to generously subsidize their new steel mill along the Mississippi River not far south of West Memphis. State Democrats (Gov, Reps and Senate) were as eager as the State GOP to shovel money into the enemies hands. Koch Industry fingers are in so many pies… I suspect major infrastructure spending in the U.S. would benefit them as much if not more than anyone else. Reply ↓ Merf56 January 27, 2017 at 8:27 am The writer of this piece says he is lives in the ‘rural south’ which then by your statement above is also not ‘flyover country’…. by his statement of ’empty shelves’ in Walmart etc it sounds as if a lot of the rural south can be considered flyover country for the purposes of this article. I also visit family in Alabama and they live in a small town which is coming apart at the seams( though they are ok as my cousin is the area’s only physician….. ) so perhaps not all of Alabama is as prosperous as your experience indicates…. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 8:39 am 1. I would never call Alabama prosperous. It overall is a low income state and it has terrible education and social safety nets. Even so, it still isn’t losing people like Rust Belt states. It is still growing but not as fast as the US overall. And the growth does appear to be concentrated in 6 counties: http://www.al.com/news/index.ssf/2015/03/these_six_alabama_counties_res.html 2. IMHO Alabama going for Trump has more to do with it being hard core conservative than resonating with the anti-globalist message. Reply ↓ Susan C January 27, 2017 at 10:15 am Rust Belt states are losing people for a variety of reasons, such as high taxes, cost of living and few jobs. Plus their Baby Boomers are hitting retirement and they are pulling up to go South where the living is easier and much more affordable. Two other points – there is this irrational anger and hatred going on right now from the coasts to the flyover people which is unjustified – is it because Trump won in Michigan and Wisconsin so in their minds it is all the fault of the Midwest? I just don’t understand where this anger is coming from but it is dangerous – this striking out at people. Is it coming from a generation of young people who may lack certain social skills due to their immersion in technology and social media? Things go from Republican to Democratic all the time in this country – way it goes – all you can do is shrug and get things better for the next election. A good percentage of people who live in CA or NYC are from the flyover states so I don’t see a civil war coming up – too much family in the heartland. One other point – Madonna is a worn out old fool, as is Steinem – I think they wanted to put it out there one more time although I doubt anyone cared or listened. I really liked the article written by James F – he tells us much about the rural South as it is today and the value of the people there. Thank you James. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 11:46 am Your’re welcome Susan. Reply ↓ Skip Intro January 27, 2017 at 11:59 am The hate- and fear-based Clinton campaign spent hundreds of millions demonizing Trump and by extension, his deplorables. That terror campaign had some effect, even if it didn’t drive the right turn out. It was a horrifically destructive, divisive campaign that has unleashed irrational forces of fear and anger directed at anyone who is not part of the Clinton cult, from Putin to Sanderistas to the flyover deplorables. Reply ↓ nycTerrierist January 27, 2017 at 1:29 pm +1 Reply ↓ Lynne January 27, 2017 at 10:34 pm Remember Trump’s comment in Nevada that he loved the poorly educated? Along with all the other voting segments that he claimed to have won handily? What struck me in the reaction to that statement was the visceral hatred and scorn directed at the “poorly educated”. It was as if nobody should be allowed to admit the possibility that the “poorly educated” were actually human beings perfectly able to ask, “If you cut us, do we not bleed?” That reaction was terrifying. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 1:23 pm Plausible source for the hate of Trump voters though you won’t believe it (as it’s not quite irrational): abhorrence of Trump policies and all they perceive will hurt from them. So if they perceive that Trump policies are deeply harmful, it’s easy to hate those who gave him power, and that’s his voters. As in: what right have they to cause this much harm? I know, I know, no good choices after Bernie and all that but … this is the source of political hate. As for what part of the country is to blame haha, a dangerous game, but really if the South was to leave and everyone else stay I suspect the U.S. would have social democracy like every other industrial country on earth. We’d have a decent healthcare system like most countries on earth, and paid vacation, and labor standards and etc. etc.. Reply ↓ Anon January 27, 2017 at 6:03 pm Flyover emigres to California may have been substantial after WWII, but no more. California is a majority Minority state, now. The Hispanic population is over 40% and growing fastest. Many white folks are fleeing to Nevada (which just flipped from a Red legislature to a Blue one). California has big-time inequalities (housing, income, schools,etc.) but at least it is attempting to solve it’s issues fairly. Reply ↓ Carla January 27, 2017 at 10:59 pm Red, blue — they’re all working for the Kochs. Aren’t you paying attention? All the division on social issues is just a smoke-screen to convince people there’s a difference between the parties. But they both work for the moneyed interests — yesterday, today, and tomorrow, forever and ever, Amen. Until the guillotine. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 11:13 pm It is? Where? How? I’m still waiting for our super-majority to get rid of Disneyland being covered under Prop. 13. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:39 am > One other point – Madonna is a worn out old fool, as is Steinem Well, Gloria Steinem… Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 9:02 am Larger or large-ish cities, regardless of state, generally do fairly well. Those that do best are those that base income on looting via Big Finance and “free trade”, via big tax giveaways to multinational outsourcing corporations, via “globalization”…the very things that have absolutely destroyed the flyovers. “Flyover” generally means the broad midwest where there is a large proportion of rurals, small towns, former industrial centers, etc. It is a messy term because it doesn’t clearly include rural Southern areas, or more sparsely populated/rural locations in California, New Mexico, Nevada, etc. I see the divide more along the lines of Big Cities and their comfy self-absorbed latte sippers who make bank on global trade, mega-corporations, love “safe zones” and believe in “trigger warnings”, etc, and rurals – those raped and pillaged by trade policies, polluted by mega-corporations, layed-off because of off-shoring, generally demonized because they aren’t the same as city folk on guns, migration, etc. City people are office dwellers shuffling paper and answering phones, rural people work for a living (actual labor, or try to labor when globalists haven’t sent their jobs to Bangladesh or India). Reply ↓ Lord Koos January 27, 2017 at 1:15 pm I live in a blue coastal state, the urban areas of the coast is very “liberal, but the eastern half of the state is Trump country. It is really urban vs rural from what I can see. We see people on the right leaving their cities and moving to the country where they can be around like-minded folks. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:43 am Maine’s Second District is very definitely flyover. The powers that be fly over it in their private jets, and see “waste space.” So they get Augusta to site landfills there, and then they fill the landfill up with out-of-state trash. I think in this post “flyover” means just that. Jurisdictions that are “flown over” by airplanes on their way to somewhere else. Not just the midwest. Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo January 27, 2017 at 9:23 am I live in New York, and can confidently say that “flyover country” is a three hour drive or so from Times Square. Once outside NYC, its commutershed, various resort Valhallas or college towns (think Ithaca), or the state capitol with its relatively secure government jobs, there’s an awful lot of blight and desperation. Also a lot more Confederate flags hanging from porches. In the mid-1970’s, NYC was broke (actually, it was a banker’s coup, brought about by a capital strike, and the downbeat of the Neoliberal Era), and was partially saved by the stronger economy of Upstate. Now, we might as well be talking about another country… Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 12:18 pm The NYC boroughs, and urban Albany, Rochester, and Buffalo areas have Democrats in Congress. The rest of the congressional districts in NYS are Republican. Flyover country basically starts just west of Albany once you are out of the NYC commute and state capitol of Albany. West of Albany is the beginning of the Rust Belt that extends to Chicago and down through Pennsylvania and WV. The Democratic Party has offered nothing practical to these areas since Lyndon Johnson. Even the environmental acts that resulted in clean air and water and contaminated site remediation were signed by Nixon and Reagan. The Affordable Care Act was pretty much the sole attempt to do something and that is one of the most botched PR campaigns in history. It has slowly been catching up to the Democratic Party as they first lost state legislative seats, then Congressional Districts and governorships, and now the presidential vote in some states. The only reason the Republican Party hasn’t simply taken over everything is because it is also fundamentally flawed with its single-minded focus on tax cuts for the wealthy and intrusion into personal lives. Reply ↓ Carla January 27, 2017 at 11:06 pm ACA was not a botched PR campaign. It is, in fact, a piece of crap. Give it up. The “Republican plan” will be even worse, especially for those who actually were helped by Obamacare. But it’s essential to go “worser” before we can go “better,” because that’s how this country works (or doesn’t). Reply ↓ Carolinian January 27, 2017 at 9:55 am I thought Flyover just meant anything between Acela and California….more a middle America versus urban/media America thing. That said it’s surely true that the Midwest is currently ground zero for our economic decline while the formerly depressed South (which used to be much poorer than it is now and has been greatly benefited by the New Deal, military bases and other federal largesse) is making a bit of a comeback. To be sure there are pockets of great poverty in parts of Appalachia and the old cotton states (JamesF doesn’t say what part of the “rural south” he lives in) but at least here in SC I have no sense that people are desperately poor. Of course if the Republicans carry through with cuts to food stamps that may change. However I do agree that the coastal versus middle hatred is becoming alarming and it seems to be more directed from the coastal against the middle rather than vice versa. After Trump won a weeping protestor was quoted as saying “we were the insiders and now we are going to be the outsiders.” That pretty much sums it up imo. This coastal > middle hatred could be much less about money and more about “you’re not the boss of me.” Things will calm down after awhile and if they don’t it’s hard to see coastal America coming out the winners. They need to carefully consider the wisdom of their current intransigence. Reply ↓ Benedict@Large January 27, 2017 at 12:51 pm “Flyover” has taken on a more general meaning, but originally it referred to the decaying auto belt and its related steel industries. I first recall hearing the term in the early 90s, although I suspect its origins lie in the Union busting Reagan years. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles January 27, 2017 at 1:25 pm It’s a bit strange, given that Trump himself is such an archetypal New Yorker, as well as a plutocrat – though not in finance. A lot of his tenants probably are, though. Reply ↓ cojo January 27, 2017 at 2:21 pm Have you ever been to Atlantic City? Definitely not the posh NYC crowd. I wonder if the sting of his bankruptcies in AC had a lot to do with his soft spot for the decaying American middle class. Reply ↓ UserFriendly January 27, 2017 at 10:01 am Bachman was in by far the most GOP favored district in the state and barely won her last election in 2012 which is why she retired. MN only went to Clinton because we had McMullin on our ballot. If, like Wisconsin, he wasn’t and Trump got those votes Trump would have won. Reply ↓ Stephanie January 27, 2017 at 11:00 am Re Bachmann: the 6th district is heavily pro-life Catholic. It’s also heavy with hunters/gun-owners/NRA members. It’s also not particularly prosperous; few places in MN outside of Mpls/StP and Rochester are. The Culture War found very fertile soil there. Reply ↓ amousie January 27, 2017 at 2:02 pm Yves, Clinton didn’t by much in Minnesota. For a supposedly solid blue state, I think that says a lot. Bachmann was an ex-burber, invested in her religious community, an early advocate of charter schools and school board politics. From what I could see, it seemed like she represented the viewpoint of the area she represented until she became one of the Republican pitbulls for fringe viewpoints. Her entire look got updated and polished. Much like former Governor Palin’s did. Whatever they really believe comes second to what they were actively promoted to sell. The more batshit crazy you can appear, the more attention you pull. Which is entirely the point. Anyway, Minnesota is the epitome of the urban elites vs. the flyover country motif. Everything that James F. said is definitely present here if you’re willing to look beyond the stats. From all of the recent immigrants (highest population of Somalians in the US if you don’t think that’s a big deal well…), the major gentrification of the urban core(s) plus showy showy wealth (something that used to be a social no-no here in urban core) to racketing up of the in your face snobbishness about education (especially now that the costs are astronomical compared to 20 years ago and you can’t get in the door at major corporations here without the right credentials and grade point averages.). Now throw in the Black Lives Matter movement where Minnesotans just “know” that this isn’t “The South” so what the hell are these “people” complaining about. The latest proposal that protestors should bear the police costs is yet another symptom of the growing divide. Plus so many more examples. Minnesota used to be a seemingly homogeneous enclave of shared prosperity. It’s certainly more prosperous as a whole than the purposeful dead zones that Chris Hedges reported on. But there are dying zones here too. So even here, all it would take is a little heat in the right places to get that simmering anger to explode. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:47 am > Minnesota is the epitome of the urban elites vs. the flyover country motif Would be fascinating to see Lake Wobegon and the Garrison Keillor phenomenon interpreted through that lens… Reply ↓ CitizenSissy January 27, 2017 at 7:47 am Why the indignation directed at Women’s march attendees? Madonna’s an idiot, but the grievances addressed by the marchers are more than legitimate, and pushback long overdue. I see the 2016 election the logical culmination of Reaganism and the dismantling of the middle-class New Deal supports that were a historical blip on an otherwise prettified American feudalism. Goldman alums in the cabinet gonna help Flyover America? Really? James is absolutely correct that this won’t end well. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 8:17 am They were overwhelmingly upper class women, and if you’ve been reading on the Web, many of the have displayed open hatred of Trump voters, and even of voters who merely stayed home or voted for Stein. It’s not unreasonable to depict many, and potentially most, as believing the canard that the deep distress in the heartlands is all their fault, they needed to get educated and move out. One of many realities is if you are over 35, you are already facing intense age discrimination. Unless you are highly connected and/or credentialed, reinventing yourself after that age is pretty much impossible. The comfortable coastal types then hype starting your own business as the salvation, when people with no money in dying towns are hardly in a position to start a new venture. And that’s before you get to the fact that being an entrepreneur is a crappy bet. 90% of new businesses fail in 3 years. Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 9:07 am Everyone is expected to create yet another social network startup! A ridiculous Google App or Apple app! To create yet ANOTHER restaurant or coffee shop or quaint store, even though there’s a glut of restaurants and they are dying, coffee shops are in saturation, and quaint stores are hopeless against Amazon, etc. Everyone’s supposed to start a new business but no one is supposed to work for those businesses because entrepreneurs! Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 1:59 pm Some of the best recent TV ads have been the GE ads looking for software engineers to help design actual things instead of an app to locate a dog-walker. Now if only GE actually opened up some new design and manufacturing plants in the Rust Belt to replace the ones they shuttered in the 80s…… Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 3:21 pm Do the adds include, “Must be willing to relocate to India” so they can be paid $25k/yr, no benefits? Reply ↓ CitizenSissy January 27, 2017 at 9:35 am Marched in Philly, and didn’t see the Trump-voter hating affluent women caricatured on the web. VERY diverse group which happily included many children and teenagers. I’m also a 20-year dues-paying Union member and a shop steward. Will be very interested to see how the Administration reconciles Davis-Bacon, specifically brought up in this week’s photo op with the Building trades unions with the race-to-the-bottom ethos of congressional Republicans. Vigilance absolutely necessary to protect whatever rights remain. Reply ↓ Bullwinkle January 27, 2017 at 11:47 am Where were all of you during Obama’s presidency when he was trampling all over the Constitution? Guerilla Theater is really what much of last weekend was. Reply ↓ CitizenSissy January 27, 2017 at 4:35 pm Doing The unglamorous and necessary grunt work for my Union Local and for reproductive rights, as I have since the 80s. And you? Reply ↓ LT January 27, 2017 at 9:35 am No one wants to have the conversation about age discrimination. But such discrimination is past its due date, especially as the nature of the kind of work performed has changed and with people now having to have more jobs in a lifetime than before. It short- changes the temporarily young as well. Most of one’s adult life will be spent over the age of 35. And much of it has to do with the phony mantras of marketing and advertising that feel its easier to manipulate youth. When we stop sharing those values, everyone can get out of that trap and have the possibility of sustaining themselves longer, without the sad desperation of “gotta do everything at young age or its not worth doing.” Really, every time we re-inforce the age based marketing terms like Gen X, Y, Z…we are killing ourselves. Reply ↓ Ivy January 27, 2017 at 1:58 pm HR departments will not admit it, but they look at the benefit premium differential of older versus younger workers. That can be a large expense number, directly impacting the bottom line. Therefore, older workers need to have a lot more going for them to offset that hidden obstacle, whether in experience, technical skills or some vague network contact. It would be good to see that type of benefit penalty spelled out for all to see. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 6:57 pm Maybe but age discrimination is actually a global phenomena so not just based on high u.s. healthcare costs. I’m not sure older people CAN overcome discrimination with technical skills, because part of the discrimination is thinking older people don’t have the hot new skills (even when they do). I suspect there is a level of irrational prejudice to it after all, as with many other forms of discrimination of course. Older people will in most cases (unless they have been out of the workforce a long time or switched careers) have more experience anyway, so that’s kind of a given. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 10:23 pm The benefit premiums were also an excuse for discriminating against young women, since (gah!) they might get pregnant! Big cost! And they are better than young men about getting regular checkups plus seeing their gynecologist. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 4:03 am Age discrimination is yet one more reason for a Jobs Guarantee. Let me just check those “Unity Principles”… We believe in an economy powered by transparency, accountability, security and equity.* All women should be paid equitably, with access to affordable childcare, sick days, healthcare, paid family leave, and healthy work environments. All workers – including domestic and farm workers, undocumented and migrant workers – must have the right to organize and fight for a living minimum wage. Nope, no Jobs Guarantee. Which is odd, because if you really want workers to have “security” and be paid equitably, etc., setting the baseline with a Jobs Guarantee would be an excellent way to do what. Combine a Jobs Guarantee with a Post Office Bank, and every woman has an independent income (if she wants it) and a checking account. That would do more for reproductive rights than any amount of marching. * Shorter: Because markets. Also, “powered by”? What kind of language is that? Reply ↓ allison January 27, 2017 at 9:38 am They were overwhelmingly upper class women How do you know this? and if you’ve been reading on the Web, many of the have displayed open hatred of Trump voters Reading where? At breitbart or Infowars? The simple fact is that rural people who keep voting for Trump and other Republicans ARE largely to blame for the problems they are facing – they’re like chickens voting over and over again for Colonel Sanders. After watching this for years and years one does indeed start to have some contempt for people with such self-destructive behaviour. Assuming the women at the march are mostly “liberal” then they generally support protection of Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, education, investment in infrastructure and renewable energy sources, jobs training programs, and abortion rights – all things that will benefit the “flyover country” people who voted for Trump. The nerve of those “elite coastal types”! Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 8:56 pm I overstated on “overwhelmingly” and I do tend to be more strident when I write before I turn in. However, the general point stands. That assessment came from upper middle class women I know, one with wide ranging views (she’s conservative on some issues, hard left on others) and two women who were Sanders supporters but wished he had been more forceful, as well as participants in San Francisco. They were confident they could recognize the markers. And the Boston Globe voices similar reservations: The bright-pink afterglow of the weekend’s massive Women’s March on Washington had barely faded Sunday and thousands of women were still boarding planes and buses home when the critics came out swinging. No, not President Donald Trump, who did wonder Sunday on Twitter, ‘‘Why didn’t these people vote?’’ The critics were women and men of color. They saw privilege in the march that allowed hundreds of thousands of women — the overwhelming majority of them white — to march freely, beyond the borders of their permitted route in Washington, filling the streets in Los Angeles, effectively shutting down downtown Chicago, yet never encountering police in riot gear, never having to wipe away pepper spray, never fearing arrest. They saw privilege in the women posing for photos with grinning officers wearing pink ‘‘pussy hats’’ alongside them. High-fiving police, even. https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/2017/01/26/was-women-march-just-another-display-white-privilege-some-think/YU3ZE4ajyX2faKZ5U7XhkJ/story.html The critique is more pointed at Essence: I realize somewhere between being pushed into a trash can by an oblivious “Nasty Woman,” and being racially profiled by an elderly feminist, that white women marched yesterday for themselves alone. My presence was inconsequential. No, worse, my participation in this march was an act of violence against the organizers all around the country fighting for Black liberation. http://www.essence.com/news/white-women-racism-womens-march-washington-privilege There are TONS of post election posts, by women in leftist venues, on YouTube, or on their own websites, openly displaying hatred for Trump voters. I even had someone send me a poem to publish! If you haven’t seen them you haven’t been looking. This has nothing to do right wing sites, which contrary to your snark, I don’t read. Sorry, those women were NOT protesting against Trump’s economic policies. The onus is on you to provide evidence they were. There was nothing of the kind in the platform and I have yet to see a photo of a sign or a statement from a participant or speaker to that effect (Sanders might have worked that in but he would be an exception that proved the rule). And where were these women when progressives were pushing for $15/hour wages? Better union rights? Single payer? Prosecuting bankers? Were they involved in Occupy? Or do they instead use Uber or forms of other gig economy labor exploitation? You seem to be unaware of the fact that Obamacare has been a negative for many people (we’ve chronicled that at length), that Hillary’s top Treasury Secretary pick was pushing a plan that everyone recognized as a first step in privatizing Social Security, and that her talk of “preserving” it meant mean testing. Once you turn Social Security into welfare, it is on its way to being over. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 9:07 pm I can testify from personal experience that my white, upper middle class female friends don’t only hate Trump voters, they hate anyone who did not vote for Hillary, or even simply refused to cheer for Hillary. I lost my oldest friend in the world over this. And Facebook and Twitter has been jammed with privileged liberal white women saying horrible things on the order of “you deserve to die and I hope you suffer first” about everyone in the interior, everyone on the left, everyone who isn’t them or didn’t obey them and give them what they wanted, essentially. They are very articulate about who they are. They are very proud of their class, status and identity markers. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 4:07 am Open class hatred? How wonderfully clarifying! And lots of language policing, too, I’ll be bound. Reply ↓ nobody January 27, 2017 at 10:52 am I’m doubtful that the marchers were overwhelmingly upper class women; I suspect that in most if not all cities and towns it wasn’t even a simple majority. From what I saw on facebook, most people I know locally went to the march. This includes many dozens of people I know from Occupy, the majority of whom are in the precariat if not the underclass, or at best lower-middle class, and most of the people I know who were Berners during the primaries. It seems to me that whatever the organizational origins the thing really took off and grew into something that transcended its origins and organizational structures and along the way sucked in almost everyone oriented toward activism and social justice movements. That is not to say that I am optimistic that the large majority of participants won’t go home and stay there if it continues and the batons and handcuffs start coming out, but the reduction of the marches to an upper or upper middle phenomenon seems mistaken to me, and it is premature to conclude that it can’t possibly develop into something that can begin to challenge power. (I also saw considerable antipathy among participants towards Gloria Steinem in particular.) Reply ↓ Spring Texan January 27, 2017 at 10:59 am Yep, I didn’t go, but SO many people I know did, and not all are upper-class, including my housecleaner. It is a mistake to reduce the marches to something only upper-class. And, we can use allies in EVERY class. Reply ↓ Spring Texan January 27, 2017 at 11:09 am Also, an 82-year-old ailing neighbor made it to the march and she’s almost never voted in her life, and lives on a meager social security check. This has really galvanized people who aren’t normally involved, and in my opinion it is positive. I was really STUNNED at the huge number of my friends and acquaintances who went. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 27, 2017 at 12:14 pm “We” can in the sense that the Duke of Orleans was an “ally.” Not in the sense that, say, Neera Tanden is. I distrust that term, ally. I think it’s awfully slippery. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 9:15 pm When Neera uses the term “ally”, its meaning depends on context. When she refers to herself as an ally, that means “exploiter.” When she refers to people of marginalized identities and circumstances as “allies,” that means “dinner.” And I will be THRILLED if all these people who marched “for women” start doing difficult, uncomfortable things “for women,” like demand that the head of Planned Parenthood step down for corruption and dereliction of duty, and primarying every single Clinton endorser when they run in 2018 and 2020. Will they help progressives in California get rid of Feinstein? We need money for that. Will they march for Fight for $15? Will they help build an underground railroad for abortion services in the interior? Will they join a General Strike? How about just an organized Facebook strike? Would they give up their updates for a day? Reply ↓ pretzelattack January 27, 2017 at 11:19 pm “When she refers to people of marginalized identities and circumstances as “allies,” that means “dinner.” + a lot Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 3:25 pm With most such things, MOST of the grunts are real people with real concern. The problem is the leaders/movers/shakers that got the thing off the ground. They are the rich apparatchiks, the Democrap establishment, the looter class underwritten by big Soros dollars. They are there to co-opt YOUR fervor, your anger and twist it into continued support for globalization, “free trade”, Wall St, etc. They are NOT on the same team and do NOT have the same concerns. The rich get abortions and healthcare without hiccup regardless of the laws. It’s the grunts who aren’t in the Club who suffer and it is them they seek to sucker into putting them back into power. Reply ↓ Eowyn January 27, 2017 at 3:55 pm The people I know who went to the march in D.C. were definitely not the type of ‘grunts’ who are about to have their fervor co-opted by anyone. In fact most of them didn’t get close enough to the stage to even know who was speaking, nor did they care. I don’t know anyone who went because of who organized it, or who was speaking. The numerous marches in other cities and countries were more spontaneous gatherings. Not sure why you keep bringing up George Soros either. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 10:19 pm Soros seeded and funded the major marches, including the systems to transport people. If the people who went were so disengaged they didn’t even care who was speaking, what good are they? That march was designed to elevate chosen figures in the Democratic Party. If people left that march thinking Kamala Harris would make a good President, the march succeeded on the Democratic Party’s terms. Not knowing or caring who spoke is practically the definition of “grunt” in the paradigm you were responding to. If you’re not aware, you’re a tool.. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 4:09 am > Soros seeded and funded the major marches, including the systems to transport people. Link, please. Reply ↓ integer January 27, 2017 at 10:49 pm Not sure why you keep bringing up George Soros either. Because he is funding NGO’s around the world that are used as proxies to subvert the interests of the citizens of whichever country they are located in? To his benefit of course. Soros is a master manipulator and a sociopathic opportunist. The whole “women’s march” has his fingerprints all over it, regardless of whether people with good intentions were a part of it. From where I’m standing it was yet another play to deligitimize Trump, who was by far the better option in the general election, even if the more short-sighted and emotional types (men included) could not see this. There’s a reason why Wall St., the MSM, the neocons, Israel, Saudi Arabia, and the upper echelons of the CIA were opposed to Trump and all in for Clinton. Reply ↓ integer January 27, 2017 at 10:59 pm deligitimize delegitimize Reply ↓ Waldenpond January 27, 2017 at 11:19 pm Soros is just a generic term… people use oligarch, plutocrat etc. The Ds went on a Koch schtick as representative of R corruption and although digging through the trails of Koch money is challenging, it was an effective example of the twists, turns and infiltration of soft and dark money. Soros is convenient as he’s philantropied his economic interests to the tune of $12 billion dollars. Open Society funds numerous entities and those entities fund entities. It’s a cesspool. Cracked me up the person who commented “Soros. Drink!” A person would O.D if Saban, Steyer and Simons (donates to Clinton and Cruz) were included in that game. Reply ↓ integer January 27, 2017 at 11:57 pm I’ve spent some time looking into Saban. Currently I’m looking into Saudi billionaire Alwaleed bin Talal. I’ll check Steyer and Simons out too. On a slightly different (yet connected) note, I watched a few Bill Kristol MSM appearances via YouTube yesterday. What a world. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 4:10 am > Soros is just a generic term No, it isn’t. It’s the name of a person. Sloppy analysis like that is disempowering. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 1:35 pm “and along the way sucked in almost everyone oriented toward activism and social justice movements.” I believe this, that’s how serious left activists often are, they will join stuff like that as well if they think it may do some good, even though they are often involved in a lot of more direct local action. Reply ↓ Eowyn January 27, 2017 at 12:09 pm I marched in Chicago and find it a stretch to characterize the marchers as overwhelmingly upper class. There were many young people, families with young children, and elderly couples. Yes, many middle-aged affluent women like me, as well. The truly ‘upper class’ wouldn’t be caught dead protesting, for the most part. It stings a bit to read the criticism of the marchers. It appeared to me that every conceivable concern was being addressed by the posters people carried. Far beyond pro-choice or abortion rights. People were and are justifiably angry at Trump, yet I saw no animosity directed at those who voted for him. To me, people were there because they cared and wanted to take action. It seemed like a kickoff campaign for activism. And if most of the protesters were and are ‘comfortable’, well, good for them for getting out of their cocoons and engaging with others. For a white person who wants to help the homeless, the poor urban black kids who live in violence-plagued neighborhoods, the single mothers, and on and on: what are we supposed to do? These people need good jobs, which I am unable to personally provide. They need preschool, before-and-afterschool programs that won’t fold after a year or two. They need parenting support and a robust social safety net that doesn’t sap what little drive and determination they may have growing up in an environment utterly lacking in hope or a clear path out. My childhood and young adulthood were spent in flyover country and I do not scorn those who live in small-town or rural America. Many of my relatives live there. The truth is, the manufacturing and agricultural jobs that kept these areas stable and reasonably prosperous are gone, and are not coming back. What’s to be done? Job training for skilled trades? Great, but they may be forced to move to get a position. Like I did. Like many people who live in cities and suburbs did. The area where I live is pretty solidly socially liberal and fiscally conservative. No need for much activism in the immediate region. Would I be well received if I went down to Lawndale or Englewood and tried to volunteer? Maybe I could drive up to Wisconsin to help people get photo IDs and register to vote. Would I be considered a carpetbagger? Are these just excuses? Perhaps. I do feel motivated to get out of my comfort zone, whatever the reception may be. I donate. I make phone calls and write letters. I am open to suggestions. Reply ↓ Norb January 27, 2017 at 5:03 pm What matters most is the acknowledgement of the ongoing class war being waged on working people. Trump was elected on that very fact alone- leaving aside his sincerity or ability to actually deliver relief. Fiscally conservative is code word for class warfare and anti labor. How is support for bank bailouts and corporate welfare, in all its forms, fiscally conservative? In a word, it is not. It is hypocrisy. It is support of corporate welfare over human welfare. Neoliberalism is the root problem, which both parties support, and identity politics attempt to hide. Identity politics and lesser of two evils voting are the one-two punch that keep hammering away at the wage working classes- however they are defined in America. Any meaningful support for working people and the poor underclass must begin there. If it doesn’t, it is only temporary help, and can be taken away at a moments notice. It is conditional, not a right. When the discontent, that is rising around the country, finally reaches your area, which eventually it will, how you identify the cause of that discontent will determine which side you will support. With Trump, you are about to see what unregulated corporate capitalism looks like- in raw unpolished form. Liberals want to make this all about Trump and not neoliberalism or class warfare. Any support for the poor is welcome, but fundamentally, without pressure to restore accountability and social justice in the corporate realm, any efforts to alleviate the suffering and injustice will be fleeting and ineffective at answering the root problems. Reply ↓ FluffytheObeseCat January 27, 2017 at 12:50 pm The people at the march in Reno, NV were not “overwhelmingly upper class women”. I did not march but was in the central business district as it broke up and got a sense of the crowd. Most were under 40, probably in the ‘some college’ to college grad category of education, and left of what passes for liberal among educated women of our age Yves. They wore cute hats that ‘liberal’ 50-something’s wouldn’t be caught dead in. The age factor is grossly under regognized in this ‘divide’, which is part of why I worry less about it. Most of the snotty, sneering coastal elite are middle aged graspers who fear losing their comfortable perch; most of the beat down ‘working class’ chip-on-the-shoulderists in flyover are likewise, middle-aged, and convinced the world owes them more respect than they receive. I’m sure it does, too. But, that won’t turn around the clock. Our problem as a nation isn’t this divided collection of peevish boomers and older millennials, it’s the $1 trillion the next generation can’t pay back to our overlords in New York and Greenwich. Reply ↓ FluffytheObeseCat January 27, 2017 at 9:32 pm Older Gen-Xers, not Millenials. Can’t keep these marketing/focus-group divisions straight in my head. Reply ↓ JEHR January 27, 2017 at 1:23 pm Yves, I am amazed that you are describing the women’s march as “overwhelmingly upper class women.” By so doing, you are contributing to the divide and conquer bit. Every class has a right to march and this one was on behalf of all women and rightfully so when women are treated as second-class by the leader of a large country with a large military, a Billionaire leader who should know better. Reply ↓ Skorn January 27, 2017 at 5:33 pm Re: The Women’s March and class diversity, or lack thereof. It’s possible the representation by class varied by geographic region. Attendance in cities higher in class aparthied, which includes most coastal blue cities and Boston (where I attended) most likely represented the cities main demographic. The March was overrun mostly with upper class liberal Dems of the kind bemoaned by Thomas Frank. These people unfortunately support and run the Democratic party and see politics through a neoliberal lens. I attended with my 7 year old daughter to protest Trump’s sexism “he’s a bad man to girls” which she’d heard all about at school (I kid not). I couldn’t help wondering about the appropriate age for Clinton Dynasty truth telling given my daughter’s affection for HRC, age 7 being a wee bit young for political enlightenment. It occurred to me the elite grad school credentialed high earners in attendance had the same critical thinking skills of the k-2 demographic. Sad. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 6:48 pm The biggest crowds were in DC and NYC, and from what I could see of the crowds and how others saw them, the participants looked well attired on average. Perhaps more important, if you look at the statement of principles for the march, it was disconcertingly vague, a lot about solidarity and to the extent it had specific agenda items, it was silent on issue that are of big concern to low income women. Access to abortions isn’t much of a right if you can’t pay for one, and the non-coastal states have made sure they are hard to get to and costly. Reply ↓ hreik January 27, 2017 at 8:41 am I agree. Why the indignation? Makes no sense to me. Weakens the argument. Why object to protesters (no matter how upper class, tho that wasn’t the case here in Hartford)? It was superfluous and unnecessary to the main thrust of the piece. Can’t I not want another war (with Russia or any other place) and not want reproductive rights turned back? or SS decimated? There is so much to dislike about this administration. It’s not either or. IT’s this and that and more Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 9:14 am The reason has been delineated repeatedly here. A bunch of rich women running the show, a lot of astroturfing with Soros backing many of the groups behind it, and also…pointless. Carrying signs, chanting slogans, etc, is USELESS. It changes NOTHING, fixes NOTHING. Action involving voting, running for office, OR CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE (massive and disruptive) can change things. Occupy Wall St failed because, in the end, it was all slogans and chanting. Not a single member of Congress, particularly on the GOP side, changed one position as a result of Occupy. Same goes for the Women’s March. Think that protest changed ANYTHING that the GOP are going to do? Think Paul Ryan felt afraid or had a change of heart? The March is a failure and pointless UNLESS it actually translates into actions that change the electoral map, who gets elected, and/or DISRUPTS day-to-day living for the comfortable. Reply ↓ hreik January 27, 2017 at 9:19 am Like typing on a computer screen? Did the march hurt anyone? Why all the anger? I don’t get it. I’m not going to change the GOP mind on one single issue. I don’t think I can influence the democrats either. Paul Ryan isn’t afraid, neither are my neolib senators. So wtf am I supposed to do? Just type in fury? What? Shoot someone? Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 9:36 am You don’t want me at a marchy protest with placards and chants. I don’t go because my sensibilities and sympathies are more in line with the black bloc. Plus, if I don’t work I don’t eat. Rich people or young, fairly well off and comfies (today’s version of yesterday’s hippies) can take off and spend all kinds of time chanting and marching. I’m neither. Julia Roberts, et al, were rich when they arrived, remained rich while they marched and chanted, and would remain rich if they took a month or two to continue the same. Finally, if Soros is funding something, I’m against it. ANY group he backed in this is corrupted. Same as anything funded by Koch, Blankfein, etc, is corrupted and co-opted. All fronts. Reply ↓ Moneta January 27, 2017 at 10:05 am From what I have read the early suffragettes, in Canada anyway, came from the comfie class… Not many revolutions come from the bottom 50%. Reply ↓ JEHR January 27, 2017 at 1:25 pm Exactly! And at least they saw what had to be done and did it! Reply ↓ nycTerrierist January 27, 2017 at 1:37 pm Emma Goldmann was a seamstress when she emigrated to the U.S. from Russia. Reply ↓ Moneta January 27, 2017 at 2:07 pm I don’t think she was a suffragette or a first wave suffragette which were typically women from the upper and upper middle class. Of course there were some poor in the movement but the movement definitely needed upper class involvement to get traction. IMO, we won’t get traction until the top 20% starts losing something precious… something like pensions. Reply ↓ nycTerrierist January 27, 2017 at 2:14 pm Fair point. Reply ↓ Eowyn January 27, 2017 at 2:59 pm Poor women by and large did not have the time to be suffragettes. They were too busy trying to survive. As for pensions, the only people I know who still have those are public employees. Many if not all of them probably are in the top 20%. The truly rich live off their investments. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 4:03 pm “poor women by and large did not have the time to be suffragettes. They were too busy trying to survive.” I don’ know about suffragettes but it is not true that poor women (and men) were struggling too much to survive to be political. Most of the early 20th century radical union movement was poor people working 10+ hour days, but their communities were often deeply politicized, radicalized really, immigrant communities. So beyond work and of course sometimes at work with unions, their ENTIRE social life was deeply political. Socializing and entertainment and politics were one (lots of local radical drama groups for instance – that’s a hobby group of course but in those days it was politicized), and that is how poor people without much time joined radical movements. Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 4:17 am Oddly, or not, Emma Goldman isn’t on the Women’s March’s list of “Revolutionary Leaders.” Although Dolores Huerta is. Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 2:09 pm The revolutions that do come from the bottom 50% are ugly ones with machetes, pitchforks, and flames instead of placards and chanted slogans. it is generally scorched earth after they are done, not a democratic government. Reply ↓ PhilM January 27, 2017 at 2:18 pm Right. And those are properly named rebellions or revolts or uprisings. Revolutions imply a great turning to a new order, not merely demolition, and they really do started from the comfie class, if not higher. I hope someone posts a long list of named revolutions that were started from below, to teach us all the error of our notions. South Africa, maybe? Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 3:28 pm THAT is precisely the revolution we need and that I want. You will NOT pull the ill-gotten gains from the rich overlords and self-worshippers without putting a pitchfork tine under their chin and MAKING them give it up. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi January 27, 2017 at 8:38 pm What a disgusting fact-free trope. The brute mob. The churlish rabble. A look at history shows the exact opposite: in almost every social uprising, it is the monied class with the power and the army that deploys force. The examples are overwhelming: Egypt 2011, Venezuela 2002, Argentina 2000 & 1946, Bolivia 1999/2000, South Africa cited above, South Koea 1987, Catalonia 1936, Russia 1905… Contrast these to the more violent revolutions, most of which begin peacefully from the grass roots and then get co-opted by bourgeois partisans who turn them into violent armed conflicts (Iran 1979, Russia 1917, France 1789, England 1642…) Then lastly there are the American revoultions which entailed the rich class revolting against the richer class, but forcing the poor, slaves and foreigners to do the fighting. Thus the historical record shows it is the ones with the power and the weapons who resort to violence in practically every case, not the bottom 50% as you claim, and the non-democratic systems that are ultimately imposed (eg, theocracy in Iran, Stalinism in USSR…) are imposed by the elite, not by the masses. Fact is, the Hollywood image of ugly mobs with pitchforks needing the educated nobles to step in to preserve the peace is fiction purposely designed to drive fear into the population. Reply ↓ River January 27, 2017 at 2:44 pm But it was the comfy class of the Commonwealth that wanted jobs like their husbands’ as they felt left out and put upon. All while stating how unfair life was for them in front of their maids and other female servants. Reply ↓ Waldenpond January 27, 2017 at 1:26 pm It wasn’t a protest. I was a billionaire funded, top down, state sanctioned gathering. I’m uncomfortable with what looked like and exercise in volunteerism. Children are indoctrinated to give away their labor, mandatory to get a diploma to prep them for the fact that they are going to be coerced into giving away their labor through work etc. Employed ‘volunteer’ more than the unemployed. First, because employment is an obvious medium for coercion and second, ‘volunteer’ ing costs (resource, transportation etc) and is a status display. They really, really wouldn’t want me there with my signs. Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo January 27, 2017 at 9:40 am Nixon used to claim that he was watching football when hundreds of thousands of people demonstrated against the Vietnam War in DC and elsewhere. After the release of the White House tapes, we learned that he and his people were beside themselves during them. I imagine it’s much the same with DonniePrez, probably more so, and that’s not a bad thing. That said, I marched in NYC on Saturday, and am glad to have done so (stupid pink pussy hats notwithstanding), but was troubled by so few placards addressing workers’ rights. It was yet another needless reminder about why we’ve come to this point, and how far the resistance has to go before it can contest for power. Most women are workers. Most Blacks are workers. Most Latinos are workers. Most LBGT people are workers. Oh, and most white people are workers, too. Maybe that’s a place to start. Reply ↓ Spring Texan January 27, 2017 at 11:01 am Agree completely. People can unite over sucky jobs and low wages, and the inability to get a job too. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim January 27, 2017 at 11:15 am It wasn’t just Nixon. LBJ and his family were beside themselves during the Vietnam War protests that happened outside the White House. Those “Hey, hey, LBJ! How many kids did you kill today?” chants. The Johnsons *hated* those. Reply ↓ JEHR January 27, 2017 at 1:28 pm Michael, the women’s march wasn’t about workers’ rights; it was about the denigration of women. This denigration is around us all the time and when it is expressed, it needs pushback. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 6:54 pm I hate to tell you but as a woman, I would put “denigration of women” awfully low on a list of things to be concerned about with a Trump presidency. You have crystalized why I’m disturbed about the protests. If the women had protested concrete things Trump has said he would do, like deport immigrants, or cut the ACA or Medicare, or beef up the military, in ADDITION to their concerns about his statements, I’d see this differently. But to get millions of people out because he talks crudely (in what was supposed to be private conversation with another man, his “pussy” remark was never intended for public consumption)? This is such a wild distortion of what their priorities ought to be it isn’t funny. As Roose Bolton said in Game of Thrones, “Words are wind”. And the Dems have got women fighting that rather than actual Trump policy positions. Reply ↓ bob January 27, 2017 at 11:15 pm That tape was so odd. It started with a bang, and then kept going. Not a lot of people listened to the whole thing. There was a very strange dynamic. Bush (yes, that Bush family, look it up, how did THAT NAME disappear form this?) was trying to get trump out on a limb. Bush was much more patronizing, and Trump seemed to be playing the part he was expected to. I thought it made bush look a lot worse than it made trump look bad. He got fired, from a cushy job. Now he has to retire back to the family compound. Take into account the other crew that were party to this “tape”. There was at least 1 other camera person (male?), probably more listening. It was Bush’s house, he set the tone. Trump, like the special kid in gym class, tires to keep up, but can’t quite get there, despite all his determination. I know locker room talk and it wasn’t even funny. It was sort of pathetic. It was trump playing Bevis- “pussy, pussy, pussy, he hen he” Another open question- Where the fuck are the hats coming from? I doubt there were a few hundred thousand of those sitting around walmart– pardon, the demographic — target. They wouldn’t sell them and they’d probably ban them as vulgar. Chase that trail- there may be answers there. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 3:54 am I recall reading that many of the pink pussy hats were knitted by the protesters themselves* and that as a result there was an actual shortage of pink yarn. Given the state of the press, I have no idea whether that comforting story is true, so FWIW. * Between Walmart shifts, no doubt NOTE And adding, no, you’re no going there. Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo January 27, 2017 at 8:22 pm That may be true, but it’s not relevant to my point. My comment was based on observations of personally-made placards at the NYC march, which presumably represent their makers’ political priorities. They were hardly limited to women’s issues, and ranged widely. In that anecdotal sampling, I saw disproportionately fewer expressions of support or solidarity with workers or working class issues, women-focused or otherwise. Reply ↓ CitizenSissy January 27, 2017 at 9:53 am Last I checked, Freedom of Assembly was still a thing. And Republicans understand two things: Money and losing. I suspect a significant chunk of a previously dormant electorate gets that. Reply ↓ 5 Dog Life January 27, 2017 at 11:20 am Occupy planted seeds. Once it was seen those seeds were germinating, Occupy was seen as a threat and forcibly dispersed. Without the groundwork of Occupy, there would have been no Bernie movement. Reply ↓ Lord Koos January 27, 2017 at 1:21 pm I agree, at least some of collapse of the occupy movement had more to do with the infiltration by, and brutality of, American security forces, the cops & FBI. The swift and violent suppression was coordinated on a national level. I don’t think it was a failure if you look at the big picture, rather it was a start. Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 3:34 pm It wasn’t going to go anywhere with the anarchist bent in its core of “NO LEADERS!” and that “people’s microphone” thing and no demands, just gripes. There was no list of workable demands, just general angst and anger. There was no organization, just a collection of patchouli-quaffing drum circlers. It was chaotic and amorphous and for that reason, it fizzled. Sure, it primed up the Bernie movement but Bernie lost and the people you actually need to fight, to delete, to erase from power foisted Hillary at everyone because she was “inevitable” and it was “her turn” and she was the girl toy of Wall St and the War State. Reply ↓ DarkMatters January 27, 2017 at 4:27 pm + Workable demands are the difference between theatrics and a program. Reply ↓ Susan C January 27, 2017 at 7:28 pm Yes but it succeeded in calling attention to the banks and the financial crisis. If little else it succeeded in leaving an indelible mark in people’s consciousness, good or bad. Reply ↓ PhilM January 27, 2017 at 12:30 pm Does anybody even still know the word “strike”? Or has it completely disappeared from the lexicon? Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 2:11 pm Strikes need to be organized. Organized labor is now an oxymoron. Reply ↓ PhilM January 27, 2017 at 2:29 pm Sad and true. But what a commentary that is. If labor, the people who work together everyday and share not only the exact same relation to the means of production, but also share social bonds, churches, playgrounds–if those people cannot “be organized”–what does that say about the engagement of the common man in the political process at all? The lord helps those as helps themselves. Time to get over these foolish bouts of concern for my fellow man, and go help myself to whatever I can grab–is that the correct conclusion? It certainly is the one Hillary came to; so maybe not. Off to read Charles Hugh Smith, I guess. Only he is a real optimist; he forgets that at the cold stone core of every village is engraved, “What have you done for me lately?” Reply ↓ witters January 27, 2017 at 7:08 pm And striking is hard and often dangerous. Not fun, like a march of the sensible. I’m in a union. What now happens is that most in my area don’t join it – they free-ride on our gains, and on our industrial action (and subsequent pay loss). They proudly assert their free thinking independence as they cower before management and their desire to be in it. But a fun run? A march of the sensible? They love it! Reply ↓ tegnost January 27, 2017 at 9:40 am the irony of course being that hillary (via victoria nuland and robert kagan) wanted war with russia, look at the dems rattling over russia now, you don’t think monsanto and the globalists see russia as a fruit to be plucked? I don’t see hillary fighting for reproductive rights except in a class warfare manner and she would absolutely have given SS to goldman sachs just as the elite dems gave goldman the SS payments of people with defaulted student loans and now a fair portion of what wages they manage to get for the medical complex. The protesters were by and large disgruntled hillarites, and now they are fighting for things that hillary was against so that’s a win, at least, no? Now trump wants to wall them off from their cheap labor! The indignity of it all :-l Did I mention merrick garland? Reply ↓ Altandmain January 28, 2017 at 2:10 am If Clinton had won and started WW3, there would be no protest from these Clinton bots. They would have rationalized it. It’s just that their kids would not be the ones doing the fighting. Their lives would go on. By contrast, the less well off might find themselves facing the war. Only time they would be in danger is if Clinton made it nuclear and their cult of personality in Clinton makes them incapable of seeing her flaws. Reply ↓ OIFVet January 27, 2017 at 10:20 am I have stood up for women’s reproductive and other rights here on NC, and I have the comments to prove it. I posted them over the years, long before Trump ran for office. That said, I did not see a single sign in support of SS among the hundreds of photos from the march. I do not recall the comfortable women who marched displaying the same outrage when 0bama tried to ram through his Grand Bargain, which would have been the beginning of the end of SS. I interact with a lot of very comfortable liberals, and their cluelessness about the lot of the “deplorables” is striking. Indeed, since the election they have began to sound more and more like the republicans of yesteryear, blaming the poor for their lot in life, conveniently neglecting the large role of the neoliberal Democrat party in bringing about the present state of affairs. So while I do not object to protesters, I am nonetheless deeply skeptical that they are in any way my allies on issues beyond the women’s rights and gay rights. Reply ↓ Marco January 27, 2017 at 3:28 pm Excellent point. Obama’s Chained-CPI would have devastated older women as hey live longer and collect smaller SS benefits. Meryl Streep had nothing to say about that Reply ↓ Susan C January 27, 2017 at 7:33 pm I think the Women’s March was more of a primer. And when it comes to SS, you will see millions of white hairs come to life all over the place with their own marches and demands. It will be huuuuuge. Reply ↓ OIFVet January 27, 2017 at 8:49 pm But where were they when 0bama tried to destroy SS?! I know he speaks so well and acts so classy and all (/sarc), but is that really why there was hardly a peep from the “left” when 0bama tried to pass the Grand Bargain? At the end, what saved SS for tue time being was the Republicans, and then only because they were too dumb to take ‘yes’ for an answer. Reply ↓ Waking Up January 28, 2017 at 12:20 am “I do not recall the comfortable women who marched displaying the same outrage when 0bama tried to ram through his Grand Bargain, which would have been the beginning of the end of SS.” And if women’s reproductive rights were of primary concern, I also do not recall the comfortable women who marched displaying outrage when Obama signed the Executive Order stating that the Affordable Care Act would maintain the current Hyde Amendment restrictions (ie. no Federal Funding of Abortions except in the case of rape, incest, or endangerment to the life of the mother.) That executive order primarily once again hurt poor women. If they were concerned about ALL women and their reproductive rights, that would have been a time to be very vocal. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 10:48 am Thanks for your response hreik. I wrote a comment in a passion inspired by people bashing each other in another thread. I think we’re slipping into an abyss and that scares me personally because people I love are on both sides of an argument that while it has been ugly for a long time is getting perilously close to becoming kinetic. If my comment was a stand alone piece, it would have been better written – so sorry for that. I was (and I guess still am) angry about upper class protesters using the language and symbolism of civil insurrection to make rights based arguments that depend on the rule of law. If one overthrows the government, one overthrows the constitutional order that establishes and guarantees those rights. Revolutions scrap the existing structures and build things up from scratch. They can (and do) take elements from previous orders but they combine them in new ways to create a new thing. I am not indignant about people objecting to any specific policy of the Trump administration, or making their objections known, or taking concrete political actions. But I want those objections to provide answers to the severe economic problems that are being experienced very unequally in this country. The problems experienced by flyover people and the urban poor have not been addressed for decades and they can’t be ignored any longer. Any attempt to form a mass resistance without addressing those concerns is not just doomed to fail, it’s making things worse. Worse means worse as in social collapse. I am indignant about that. Again this was a comment not a post so I’m sorry if I wasn’t clear. Reply ↓ hreik January 27, 2017 at 12:19 pm Very lovely reply, ty. I am just finishing JD Vance’s book. An interesting read. The problems experienced by flyover people and the urban poor have not been addressed for decades and they can’t be ignored any longer. This absolutely. But TPTB continue to ignore them. D’s and R’s both. So what do we do? Really what do we do? Question is serious! The problem is THEY DON’T CARE!! They don’t. you cannot make someone care. It is a deep and abiding thing and comes with action, pathos and boots on the ground. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 4:22 am I think Chris Arnade is much better than JD Vance. AFAIK, Vance in essence buys into the “they should pull themselves up their own bootstraps” theme also beloved by liberals. Daniel Patrick Moyniahan all over again. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner January 27, 2017 at 9:59 am My personal reasons is the marchers were by and large the same people who would stomp on children for a chance to see a celebrity such as Obama but would be too busy to register voters then whine about people not turning out for their wonderful candidate. Marching on a Saturday is easy. Canvassing in August is hard. If canvassing in August is hard, imagine doing something really important. Reply ↓ JustWendy January 27, 2017 at 11:14 am Do you base your facts on a media clip or were you ther? Reply ↓ Eureka Springs January 27, 2017 at 1:54 pm I believe lambert posted a snippet of a post penned by a woman who was involved with the DC march. I’ve searched quite a bit but cannot find it again. Anyway she made it clear a lot of participants were not interested in much more than celebrities like Madona and M. Moore. Reply ↓ fred January 27, 2017 at 3:18 pm “Canvassing in August is hard.” No, just inconvenient. Reply ↓ kristiina January 27, 2017 at 7:52 am Thank you! Reply ↓ cnchal January 27, 2017 at 8:03 am Someone get’s to eat the fruits of globalization, someone else ends up with the pits. Even so, my Democrat and Republican friends and family from the coasts couldn’t care less about my neighbors. They couldn’t care less about fifteen years of war or the kids we send to fight it or the kids our kids kill. Ironic that globalization narrowed opportunity for those kids in flyover to such an extent that military service is seen as a way out. Even more ironic is that the point of the military is to protect the economic interests of the elite, so that Madonna and Julia, and Hollywood and silicon valley get their intellectual property protected, and a triple irony is that silicon valley has trillions of dollars of profits held aloft never to touch a peasant again. In the interim of the last decades, as President Trump said in his inauguration speech, the tombstones representing the destruction of flyover country are embedded in the landscape, but they are invisible at 30,000 feet. Reply ↓ Altandmain January 28, 2017 at 2:19 am A lot of people joined the military because they have no real alternative. Basically their choices were to end up in a dead end minimum wage job, prison (likely from drugs), or the military. Reply ↓ RenoDino January 27, 2017 at 8:03 am James offers up a beautiful soliloquy on our current internal state of affairs, but then leaves us hanging. His tells us why his state voted for Trump, but did he? James, it’s OK if you did, but you need to own it. On the other hand, if you voted for Hillary, this piece is, dare I say it, hypocritical. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 8:33 am What is with this “you need to own it”? It is the politician’s obligation to win voters. Trump said repeatedly that he wanted to help people who had lost out to globalization. Hillary called them deplorables and made it abundantly clear she was not only going to do nothing for them but she hated them and might even work against them. It was entirely rational for them to vote for Trump. As much as he is wildly erratic, he at least understood their problems and expressed an interest in helping. Hillary promised either more of the destructive same (did you miss Nobel Prize winner Angus Deaton saying that life expectancy in some parts of the Appalachias and Deep South are lower than in Bangladesh?) or worse. Propensity to vote for Trump correlated very strongly with indicators of economic distress. Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 9:22 am Correction: Trump CLAIMED/PRETENDED to understand their problems… He didn’t really, he’s had a silver spoon up his ass since birth but he does know how to play people. Tigers don’t change their spots. Trump has been horrible to his own laborers. Has ripped off his own contractors without batting an eye. Narcissists, true pathological narcissists can be more dangerous than sociopaths or psychopaths https://afternarcissisticabuse.wordpress.com/2014/11/30/why-are-narcissists-are-so-dangerous/ I have no doubt that Trump is a malignant narcissist and, as such, cannot REALLY be counted on to actually do any good for anyone UNLESS it aggrandizes himself first in some way. Hillary was just a garden variety sociopath. Reply ↓ Vatch January 27, 2017 at 9:45 am Great article about narcissism — thanks. I’m unsure about one thing, though. The author says that narcissists are unable to experience empathy. I’m not convinced that’s true. The worst narcissists lack empathy, but I don’t think that’s true about all of them. If a narcissist is completely lacking in empathy, it could be that person has a blend of narcissism and sociopathy. Reply ↓ Moneta January 27, 2017 at 10:14 am Two elements that keep on getting mixed up is caring about the well being of another person vs. being able to put yourself in someone else’s shoes to understand what they are going through and what makes them tick. Sociopaths and narcissists might not care (compassion) about others but they can often read them like a book (empathy) and use it to their advantage. Reply ↓ PhilM January 27, 2017 at 12:27 pm Agree. Narcissists can be great builders. CEO types. Great legacies can result. Caesar, Napoleon, Bezos?, Trump. Sociopaths cannot build; not only are they are too unstable, they are socially crippled by their complete lack of empathy; and people perceive their menace early on, which marks their resumes. They grift, they shift, they seem to achieve, but they don’t build anything that lasts for long, and their “building” is generally aimed at destruction. All of that is almost tautological, because great builders are not commonly perceived as sociopaths. These labels are not Newtonian, they are quantum-mechanistic; not causal, but more like probability clouds. Still, we have to go on something. To me, Trump shows all-fours narcissism, while Hillary manifests sociopathy. Whatever else the Benghazi events, the email servers, the DNC hack, and the Comey reports did, they had one crucial effect: they were accusations that required a public response. The cumulative pattern of the responses, not the deeds, were the “tells” of sociopathy. And that is why people say “It’s the cover-up, not the crime, that matters.” No one who has observed, in the wild, the classic pattern of excuses and blame-shifting that brands a sociopath on the hot seat, will ever mistake it for healthy behavior. Reply ↓ DarkMatters January 27, 2017 at 4:32 pm You articulate very well the reason I voted as I did. Few of my acquaintances recognized this. Reply ↓ John k January 27, 2017 at 1:51 pm I would say pretty much a wash. The difference in flyover is that he said he felt their pain, and if he wants their votes in the future he will have to do something for them, a conflict with Ryan who also thinks they’re deplorable. But he didn’t win so much as she lost. He got no more votes than Romney, millions that voted for Obomber’s in 04-08 stayed home this time. So clintonites don’t hate those that voted for trump nearly as much as they hate dems that couldn’t bring themselves to vote for her even with trump the opponent… no doubt the top of that list are Bernie voters she said she neither needed or wanted. My fond hope is Brexit and trump signal the pendulum is swinging back from the extreme neolib neocon position reached under bush/Obama as voters realize how badly they’ve been screwed by trade deals and immigration artfully designed to push down wages and push up profits. Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 2:17 pm He spoke to their issues. Hillary largely pretended they didn’t exist. I will be surprised if Trump actually ends up helping them, as his proposed policies don’t appear to be likely to have the intended effect. But he followed the Obama election lead of “Hope and Change” which the voters keep voting for, regardless of who the messenger is. The day a politician can actually deliver the change to go with the hope, they will be elevated to sainthood instead of discarded to the side of the road. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 6:58 pm I never said Trump would deliver. Trump made it clear that he saw that there was a lot of distress outside the blue cities and said he would do something. Hillary made it clear she hated those people. Why would you ever vote for someone who spat on you? And Trump did nix the TPP, which was a promise to his base, and is in a fight with Mexico. This will all probably turn out badly but he certainly is making a show of Doing Something about trade. Reply ↓ RenoDino January 27, 2017 at 9:28 am You and I are in total agreement. Trump’s win was totally justified given the facts on the ground. I just want to know if all the reasons James sincerely expressed for Trump’s win resulted him pulling the leveler for Trump. If he voted for Hillary instead, his piece is incongruous given what he said about her followers. Coming out as a Trump voter is a very big deal in some circles. I voted for Trump for the reasons you described above. I am owning it. Depending on one’s situation, coming out for Trump can be very costly. It can end friendships, relationships, and employment. I have personally experienced all three. I’m just asking people who make the case for Trump if they stood behind or is it just a case of “I feel their pain.” That’s all. Reply ↓ Outis Philalithopoulos January 27, 2017 at 12:27 pm James F responded to your question below, but in my opinion he would have been perfectly within his rights not to if he had so preferred. Reply ↓ Marco January 27, 2017 at 3:33 pm What in the post makes James come across as a Trump Voter. And who cares if he was? I didn’t get that at all. Personally he came across as a total Bernie supporter. Reply ↓ lawabidingcitizen January 27, 2017 at 9:37 am You make an excellent point Yves. I can tell you from experience that there are many in the supposedly “progressive” party who are still in denial. Since I happen to be married to one of those Hillary/Obama apologists I recently attended a local meeting for Democratic party organizers. More than anything, I was curious to hear what the people had do say. Knowing that the Republican party is so vile in their service to the monied interests, I was curious to see if the supposedly liberal class has learned anything from recent events. I was appalled when the local party chair mentioned that they were going to be canvassing some local districts which were normally Democratic strongholds to see why their turnout was so low in the last election. I was tempted to raise my hand with the obvious answers, but I refrained to see what the group had to offer. It was obvious that in their contempt for the new occupant of the oval office, they were perfectly willing to ignore the damage that has been inflicted upon the majority of the population by the party they purportedly support. The guest speaker for this event even mentioned the irrationality of the Trump voter, apparently ignorant of the economic wasteland that his party helped to create, and what Hillary was offering to perpetuate. Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 2:21 pm The Democratic House re-elected Nancy Pelosi as Minority Leader. They appear to be determined to stay in the minority. It is going to take another ballot box crushing in mid-term elections to get the message to sink in. I think they are hoping that Trump will blow everything up and they will be able to sail in as saviors in the mid-term election, but they still aren’t offering anything that flyover country is looking for. Reply ↓ Mike G January 27, 2017 at 1:47 pm Trump said repeatedly that he wanted to help people who had lost out to globalization. So did Bernie. And Bernie has much more of a track record of advocating policies that help such people than Trump. So the neolib DC consensus was not working for the flyover population, why did they turn to the party that has been pounding full-throttle globalism, militarism and raw capitalism for decades? The difference was Trump served up tasty dollops of blatant racism and scapegoats, and his audience ate it up. Their hate was more important to them than help. Reply ↓ John k January 27, 2017 at 1:57 pm They didn’t turn to trump. He got no more votes than Romney. She lost because some voters that voted for a black man in 2012 saw the two candidates as equally bad and stayed home. Those that stayed home are not obviously racist. Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 2:25 pm It is not accidental that Bernie Sanders (previously registered as Independent) almost took out Hillary and Donald Trump (a total political outsider) crushed enough Republicans to field a football team. This should be the real message to the two political parties – you are not winning – you are just ending up with people running under your banner instead of a third-party. Reply ↓ todde January 27, 2017 at 3:46 pm why did they turn to the party that has been pounding full-throttle globalism, militarism and raw capitalism for decades? GUNS. You’re going to realize that soon. Reply ↓ Eowyn January 27, 2017 at 4:01 pm Don’t forget God and gays. :D Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 7:08 pm I don’t buy your reading. The district-by-district analysis shows that the propensity to vote for Trump correlated strongly with indicators of insecurity and economic distress. While no doubt some Trump voters were racist, his dog whistles, like his refusal to denounce David Duke, cost him among more orthodox Republicans (I doubt any would have crossed over for Hillary but I bet a some stayed home or left the top of the ticket empty or wrote in a candidate). I don’t see this a a big explanation for the Trump victory. There’s no actual data to support that view. The Dems are using that argument since they are refusing to give up on identity politics. So they keep hammering it, which means it must be true, right? Several readers reported that they knew young blue collar workers who voted for Sanders in the primary and Trump in the general. All 1:1 polls showed Sanders would have beaten Trump by huge margins. Did you forget that Sanders cleaned Hillary’s clock in Michigan? And had they faced off against each other, the fact that Sanders had actual policy ideas while Trump has mainly bluster would have become more evident. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 7:40 pm As per everyone else here, that’s just nonsense. Fake news. Propaganda. Whatever term you want to choose. And you know it, because you tiptoe right up to the truth before walking away. The neoliberal DC consensus was not working for them. So they voted for the only change available. When you’re desperate, you roll the dice. Moreover, the big tipping point — again, as has already been pointed out in this thread — is people who had given up on the Democrats and just stayed home. I personally know black leftists who backed Sanders and then voted for Trump. Given the Clintons’ long history of active, exploitative, murderous, global racism, do you really want to say they voted for the worse racist? I’d love to get to the point that we can talk openly about how Barack Obama governed as a white racist from Kansas rather than as a black community organizer from Chicago. Our governing elite is racist. Both parties — if you’re willing to grant the limp, shrunken Democratic organization party status. Given that our governing elite is racist, it follows that a racist was elected. But was the worst racist elected, or just the more impolite? Reply ↓ bob January 27, 2017 at 7:54 pm Help? Who was offering help? I think you’re looking at the wrong menu. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi January 27, 2017 at 8:55 pm They didn’t. Most people in Flyover didn’t vote for Trump– but they didn’t vote for HRC either. There is therefore no reason to roll out the stoopid Democrat tactic of firing the blame cannons at the dumb rubes for voting against their own interests by voting for Trump. Less than 19% of the population even voted for Trump! It was the non-voting population that determined this election, and the non-voting population rightly determined that HRC did not merit a vote. They rightly determined not that Trump was in their interest, but that voting for HRC would most likely be just as detrimental to them: as evidenced by the brutal war HRC and the ruling class in Washington have waged against them for the last 30+ years (Case Deaton op cit.). Bottom line: Flyover was given a Sophie’s choice and you are now blaming Sophie for losing her daughter. Reply ↓ diptherio January 27, 2017 at 9:37 am How would know who he voted for (or if he voted at all) change anything. He’s making observations about the world around him. Know how or if he voted couldn’t change those observations…but maybe it would change the way you respond to those observations…just sayin’. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 11:38 am I didn’t vote for Trump. I have a distaste for the man that is mostly visceral. Still, I thought he was better than any of the Republicans running with the possible exception of Rand Paul. The worst thing about Trump is Pence. I didn’t vote for Hilary either. I could never even vote for Bill after his support for NAFTA. I voted for Stein. It was a protest vote and I had the luxury to make one. I don’t know how I would have voted if my vote counted (really I don’t know) but I hope I would have had the integrity to stick with a protest Stein. I loved Obama in ’08. I donated and volunteered. In 2012, I held my nose and voted for him again. I voted for Bernie in the primaries. I might have even considered voting for Hillary had she chosen Sherrod Brown for VP. Tim Kaine was just insulting and considering the loss of the Rust Belt choosing him was an act of pure stupidity. I’d vote (with reservations) for Warren in 2020 but she was a real disappointment in the primaries. If Tulsi Gabbard or Nina Turner runs I’d volunteer but I think Gabbard could win- big time. The woman is an old school patriot, whip smart, a compelling speaker, and the camera loves her. Still, Turner has guts and integrity, although she’d be a long shot. Nobody else moves me at all. Reply ↓ Donald January 27, 2017 at 8:13 am Tiny correction– it was the Honduran govt that was overthrown in Obama’s term, not Guatemala. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 11:40 am You are quite right. I was writing a comment in a passion and would have written better had I taken time to compose a well thought out piece. Sorry, my bad. Reply ↓ Eclair January 27, 2017 at 3:00 pm James, thank you for sharing your reflections with us. And, to all the commenters who ‘nitpick;’ for heaven’s sake, these are ‘comments.’ By their very nature they are written quickly, because if you wait 24 hours to edit and tighten up your comment, we have gone onto some other topic. So, no need to apologize, James. I cried when I read your essay. I too love people on both coasts who voted for HRC and are in a twist over Trump, as well as people in the ‘heartland’ or ‘flyover’ country (depending on your ideology), who voted for Trump. And, as for the Women’s March, I did not attend, having walked in too many marches in my life and wanting to use my diminishing energy in, to me, more productive, ways. But so many of my family and friends went … and were energized and proud. I love them all. As Gandhi said, we all have a piece of the truth. Reply ↓ Bob January 27, 2017 at 8:23 am The author states ‘Everything including food and medicine is taxed.’ Why? One can be socially conservative and economically radical at the same time. It’s tough but it is possible. I am dumbfounded that folks allow this to happen to them. They could elect legislatures that are in line with them on social issues while enacting tax and labor policies that protect them. I have always considered myself a New Deal Democrat which allows me to be socially conservative and economically progressive. Flyovers can do this too. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 8:50 am You need to wake up and smell the coffee. Read Thomas Ferguson’s Golden Rule. Political victories have since the Great Depression been determined by spending by monied interests. Sanders and Trump are notable departures, and Trump still was funded largely by big money, although he managed to win with way less money than she spent (badly). Alabama (for a host of reasons over my pay grade) was the most favorable jurisdiction for class action suits. Basically, instead of having regulation of any sort, the legislature set up a regime that made the court system the enforcer of consumer protection. So what happened? All judges in Alabama are elected. The Alabama Supreme Court race is the most expensive in the US, bar none. Over 4x more is spent than in any other state. Way way more costly than running for Governor. Last I checked, the Chief Justice race cost $13 million and that was a few years back. As a result, any class action win, which would often come in at hundreds of millions of dollars, will be cut down by the Supreme Court (if the appeals court doesn’t do it first) to no more than $1 million. Guaranteed. Reply ↓ fred January 27, 2017 at 9:56 am Yves, When did Alabama’s “regime” get set up and how? Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 12:22 pm The way you get low income and property taxes is to increase sales taxes and fees. The people buying at the register pay the taxes. It is quite regressive, but that is how they balance the books. Reply ↓ bob January 27, 2017 at 10:06 pm “I have always considered myself a New Deal Democrat which allows me to be socially conservative and economically progressive” So, you’re another confused indentiarian? Unless you have a few hundred million dollars, and are having your help write your comments here, you have absolutely nothing in common with your betters. Talk about cognitive dissonance. But, it’s the tone of the comment that’s the most insidious- “it allows ME” It doesn’t allow shit. They do, and you are no threat to anything they do. More like you, please. Reply ↓ Altandmain January 28, 2017 at 4:00 am The person is socially right wing and economically left wing. Economically they are perfectly within their interests. Reply ↓ Clearpoint January 27, 2017 at 8:31 am Some writers write with infallible logic, but without an ounce of human compassion. Some writers write with bleeding heart compassion, but without a logical foundation for their work to stand on. You did what was rare — you gave us a piece that was both logical and compassionate. Nice work. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 1:25 pm Thank you. Reply ↓ Chris January 27, 2017 at 8:53 am Love the essay, but contrasting Manhattan with Harlem should have been edited out, as quite obviously Harlem is in Manhattan. Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo January 27, 2017 at 9:44 am And is increasingly gentrified. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 11:52 am Sorry Chris. I wrote a comment in a passion and I would have written better had this been a stand alone piece. My bad. Reply ↓ voteforno6 January 27, 2017 at 8:56 am I can sympathize with this article, but I don’t think we’re primed for a civil war – yet. As bad as things are now, they were a lot worse in the Great Depression. We haven’t really seen mass resistance movements to the extent that they happened in the ’30s. Dissatisfaction has not yet even begun to coalesce into anything that could pose a serious challenge to authority in this country. However, if we experience another financial crisis, then all bets are off. Reply ↓ Jagger January 27, 2017 at 10:02 am I just reread Wigan Road by George Orwell describing 1930’s England. I probably should reread Grapes of Wrath by Steinbeck. Definitely worse then materially but maybe not spiritually. Perhaps less hope, social cohesion, kindness and optimism today than in the 30s. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic January 27, 2017 at 12:57 pm We will be primed for a civil war once the Republicans are done passing tax cuts for businesses and the wealthy, then destroying the safety net because dependence on the government is a such a terrible thing and those poor people just need a boot to the backside to take responsibility for themselves. Meanwhile, they’ll take 2 years (at least) to do anything about a infrastructure program that could change that equation. So, what you get two years from now is still no jobs, cuts to the safety net, and tax cuts for the wealthy. That’s a recipe for rebellion. Reply ↓ craazyman January 27, 2017 at 9:05 am things have almost always been bad in flyover country. No way. Civil war? I mean really. No disrespect at all towards the post author’s evident humanistic and laudable sensibilities. But there’s no way. No way. Things can go on like this for decades. And they probably will. The one change will probably be increasingly local governments taking over from a failed national govermint. People can be resourceful. States and localities will step in and solve problems. There will be creativity and innovation in approaches to social organization. They’ll flip the bird at Washington, the way the Reptilians flipped the bird at Neil Armstrong when he landed on the moon. They were there right off camera, just standing there a few hundred yards away from the lunar lander and when Neil got out and took his first few steps, they flipped him the bird. It’ll be like that. But it would be, now, like Neil Armstrong flipping the bird back at them. “Here’s to you, snake head!” before he went about his business there on the moon. That’s what he’d say. That’s what they’ll say, as they figure it out for themselves. Reply ↓ jgordon January 27, 2017 at 9:13 am It can’t happen here. It can’t happen here. Oh darling it’s important you believe me! Because it Can’t. Happen. Here. Reply ↓ craazyman January 27, 2017 at 9:29 am There’s no doubt the anger in some areas is hot enough to be catalyzed into an organized rebellion. But there isn’t the clean division along geographic boundaries and there aren’t standing state militias or local militias that can organize, or strong enough regional governments that can stand in as nation states. It’s very different than the 1770s or 1860s, very very different. In 40 or 50 years, it may be closer. Many of us can remember first hand the violence and tumult of the 1960s. We’re nowhere near that. Nowhere close to it. If one is going to analyze, they need to be a bit level headed. I’m not being critical at all of the anger people feel, which I totally empathize with. But it’s so diffuse and scattered across a range of grievances and supposed solutions that people who share anger about things a, b and c, can be completely on opposite sides of d, e and f. It’s like a kaliedescope of conflicts, even sometimes inside the same body. Rebellion and civil war? Not a chance, given the circumstances. Too scattered, too diffuse, to conflicted, too anarchic, too many things on TV and too many beers in the fridge. Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 9:47 am I see scattered civil disobedience, including involving violence, as more likely than all-out civil war. Thus far. They were WRONG and IDIOTS but I can see more things along the line of the the Bundy Standoff and the shitstains that damaged the Malheur Wildlife Refuge happening but focused on other issues/concerns (I hope. It’s MY -and your- public land and MY -and your- Wildlife Refuge, not their private property). I could see more anger and violent resistance happening here and there against Federal types, or against certain corporations. I know I wouldn’t take it lying down if some oil companies wanted to run a pipeline over MY property or frack around MY land. Poison my well water or my air and, to me, that is attempted murder. That was an attempt to poison me and my family AND a means to totally destroy the value of my home and property, to make my home unlivable. A placard or chant wont do for that. Something more direct is called for. Reply ↓ craazyman January 27, 2017 at 9:55 am that’s the thing. the other half of flyover country is gonna die unless they get those fracking and pipeline jobs — which move energy so people can use their cars & produce relatively clean burning natural gas that’s cleaner and cheaper than coal. People can’t financially survive and they’re being killed and they look on TV and see Madonna screaming at a camera. Then some bozo actor is flaming Donald Trump from Times Square. The pipelines are pretty safe overall. Safer than trains and safer than burning coal. There’s a lot of hype about pipeline safety. If you’re a Sioux Indian tribe, your pissed as hell from living in poverty and you haven’t forgotten the 1870s. The pipeline itself isn’t the real problem. That’s the kaleidoscope of mutually contradictory and tangled grievances. There’s no organizing force to resolve that. Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 10:07 am No doubt (as to safety vs trains and trucks) BUT methane leaks are a massive problem with nat gas fracking and pipes. That’s a simple fact. Methane is vastly worse than CO2 for climate change. I’ll sacrifice their jobs for the sake of a livable planet any day. I’d sacrifice MY job if it meant the North Pole would remain iced over, polar bears wont go extinct, that the vast breadbasket of North America wont become a hot, dry super desert. If your job means destroying my home and the life I live there, then I stand against your job. Sorry. Just the way it’s gotta be. Better you get a job installing solar panels and wind generators, or modernizing the electrical grid. Better pay and longer lived job too. Eliminate methane leakage from nat gas development and a big issue disappears (except your pipeline will NOT go through my land). With a leak-less nat gas system we can 100% eliminate coal…but nat gas is a very limited resource and entirely short-term. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 1:51 pm “If your job means destroying my home and the life I live there, then I stand against your job. Sorry. Just the way it’s gotta be.” +1 But really if jawbs were the be all and end all we don’t have to create ones that are so destructive! Meanwhile people are going to LOSE THEIR jobs due to Trump, those working at the EPA for instance, plus there is a federal hiring freeze. Or are only jobs that actively destroy the planet going to be counted in this jawbs accounting? The new Trump math? Reply ↓ Moneta January 27, 2017 at 10:32 am I agree. I noticed that every time I meet someone I agree with on an important issue, this person is at the other end of the spectrum on another one of my important issues. It’s makes it very hard to create a movement with a clear goal. In fact, over the last few years I have been increasingly avoiding hot topics in groups as the level of self-righteousness and the lack of empathy and compassion seems to be soaring… no cohesive view on how things should be and how to achieve them. Reply ↓ Susan C January 27, 2017 at 10:56 am I think to the Indians this area is their land and the river and their land is sacred to them. If there was ever an organizing principle it should be this – to fight for their rights. Reply ↓ SumiDreamer January 27, 2017 at 12:03 pm Does no one understand the concept of environmental racism? Bismarck wanted to keep their CLEAN water. Does that mean due to historical resentment the Dakota tribes should put up with it? It is true: #WaterIsLife. Reply ↓ annie moose January 27, 2017 at 12:48 pm “that’s the thing. the other half of flyover country is gonna die unless they get those fracking and pipeline jobs” I hate fracking, here’s the earthquake of the day. https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS707US707&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#q=wichita+earthquake+usgs Reply ↓ craazyman January 27, 2017 at 1:32 pm If you had to choose between dying and fracking, you’d pick fracking. If you had to choose between letting your kids die or fracking. You’d be working a well yourself. Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 4:16 pm Except it isn’t between dying and fracking. Fracking is NOT the answer. Solar, wind, modernizing the grid, rail, etc, are BETTER jobs that last longer and are future-proof. Fracking is fly-by-night. The wells die quickly and pollute the shit out of the local area. You cannot drink flammable water. Your home will be damaged by earthquakes. Your life will be cut short by toxic chemicals and gases involved with fracking. It’s like demanding coal mines continue so miners don’t die from lack of job. Damn the damage done (mountain topping, stream/river destruction, etc). Damn the FACT that the miners are going to die young from Black Lung. There are BETTER energy jobs to go with (again, solar, wind, geothermal) that have a much longer future to them. Reply ↓ craazyman January 27, 2017 at 4:23 pm Your talking about what should be (which I mostly agree with).. I’m talking about what is, now, facing these people every day. There’s a big difference. Reply ↓ Susan C January 27, 2017 at 7:48 pm There was a really good documentary on fracking a couple of years ago – Gasland. I can’t help but think you bought into “their” argument that fracking etc. is good and puts people to work and that the people in the Midwest are starving. They are not starving, they are not interested in having their countrysides and farmland filled with fracking stuff – being despoiled actually. And for what – a short term job and lots of poisonous water. And earthquakes – see Oklahoma. Aren’t you tired of the overlords doing whatever they want to make all the money they want by raping this country? I feel strongly about this actually. craazyman January 27, 2017 at 8:49 pm What aboout the Neil Armstrong situation. Nobody would dare take that one on. Not one individual has challenged that! They go for the easy stuff, not the hard stuff. Anybody can morally grandstand and handwaive, but if you want to see things as they really are, if you want to turn your head from the shadows to the forms themselves, you reallly have to be on top of your game. No Faking it! You can see the fake a mile away. i jusst happened to be laying around and checked this one last time — after seeing on the internet an artist rendering of a moon temple for a moon base. It was 150 feeet high and it look like the Roman Pantheon but it had a big opening and you could see earth.. That woould be amazing. I would have thought, as a kid watching Neil Armsttrong land on the moon (and I did see that myself in real time, live) I would have thought we’d have bases all ove rthe solara system by now. It seems, now, like it’s all been a massive failure. Weve gotta be able to do better than this. Moneta January 27, 2017 at 8:20 pm Solar, wind and whatever are just as bad as fracking. They are all part of increasing energy use instead of downsizing our consumption. You see… craazyman said it best… we all see a cause or a solution but it’s a kaleidoscope of world views ou there. Reply ↓ pretzelattack January 27, 2017 at 11:51 pm solar and wind don’t change the climate, so no, not just as bad as fracking. pretzelattack January 27, 2017 at 6:43 pm pipelines aren’t going to create many jobs. i read the keystone pipeline would create something like 40 or 50 iirc. i also read about pipeline leaks and spills fairly often. the biggest danger associated with pipelines are the fossil fuels they transport. the climate is changing faster than the scientists initially expected, which is very bad news indeed. Reply ↓ craazyboy January 27, 2017 at 10:37 am We’re past the point of simple civil war in the 21st century. The Forever Kaleidoscope War is the only thing technically and politically feasible. For instance, consumer choice abounds in war tech. We’ve seen in Syria that the rooskies had a breakthrough in Molotov Cocktail Technology that led to the Barrel Bomb. That’s 1000 times more powerful than the conventional Molotov Cocktail. This is watershed event like Manhattan Project serving up Fat Boy.* More so, the Rooskies may leak Top Secret Trebuchet designs over internet to operatives in flyover – Trebuchet launched Fat Boyz flyover – almost too terrifying to contemplate. Many other Kaleidoscope things will make war and go on forever. I could list more example, but don’t have time right now. I’m going to go fly my flying machines and have some fun instead. Later! *Note to self: Remember to enter this in Thomas L. Friedman Metaphor contest. Reply ↓ craazyman January 27, 2017 at 1:22 pm The nation is divided in every direction and if it can’t rise to the occasion it’s likely to fall. The next six months will be crucial. If it can’t find a path forward by then, digging out from the hole will be almost impossible. The earth may be flat but the nation appears to be round. People standing on it can’t see each other — because they seem to be on opposite sides of everything. People who are red are blue, and people who are blue see red. It may be too late to wake up and smell the coffee, but there’s something in the air and it might be revolution. The revolutiuon won’t be televised, but it will start at Starbucks and it will be online all the time. It may be the first virtual revolution in history where nobody moves off their chair. Get a coffee and sit back, because the action is about to begin. Reply ↓ craazyboy January 27, 2017 at 4:10 pm If you can’t beat ’em, join ’em and try, try again. The sky is green, the earth is blue, keep your ear to the ground, metaphors are colorful too. Anything goes, you may be redneck stew. The next 6 months will be critical, too Reply ↓ Praedor January 27, 2017 at 4:20 pm Ugh. Barrel bomb. I HATE that name and the use of that name. As if a barrel bomb is magically different or worse than a normal gravity bomb. Why is it PARTICULARLY horrendous and unacceptable? A 500lb or 750lb finned bomb does WAY more damage and is just as likely to kill civilians (MOST people killed in such bombings are not the “bad guys”). Just because the big boom is shaped like a 50 gal drum makes it magically and intrinsically evil. If they just put a pointy nose on one end and makeshift fins on the other it would be hunky dory! Because MAGIC. Reply ↓ craazyboy January 27, 2017 at 4:29 pm “is shaped like a 50 gal drum” which makes it 1000 times as powerful as the Molotov Cocktail. The first time Siege Trebuchet launched these barrel bombs at enemy castles, the enemy very much thought this was bad magic. Reply ↓ Norm January 27, 2017 at 10:55 am You’re correct, I believe, that there won’t be a replay of 1861 or Shay’s Rebellion. But a break up of the beloved empire is still a possibility. Secessionist sentiments are alive and well in many parts of the country for many different reasons, not all of them salubrious. In places like Texas, there are kernels that could seize on any number of irritations to grow into decisive power at the state legislature level. In places like California and New York, situations could conceivably deteriorate to the point where states and localities cannot pay for their essentials, like schools and infrastructure, because the federal government is too dysfunctional and unresponsive to stop wasting the nation’s wealth on war. Or because DC and Wall Street are too wedded to austerity to allow the states to deal with their critical needs. Just one state legislature would be needed to start the process. South Carolina pulled it off in 1861. None of this is preordained and nothing will happen soon; but then again, good luck finding any “serious” analysts who in 1987 predicted that the Soviet Union would be gone by 1989. Reply ↓ visitor January 27, 2017 at 12:16 pm Those analysts would have been wrong anyway. The USSR ended on the 25th December 1991. Reply ↓ LT January 27, 2017 at 10:31 am The “heartland” controlling their resources would put them at odds with coastal elites who need those resources for globalization. Remember, they call anybody who doesn’t believe in doing trade their way “anti-trade”. It’s really quite amazing how the same types all over the world adopt that kind if TINA (“there is no alternative language”). That is why there was the first American Civil War. The central government can not be a world power without control of the resources from the heartland. Reply ↓ jgordon January 27, 2017 at 9:09 am I endorse this post! Lately I’ve been sensing a rising aura of violence and chaos in the air. I was wondering why seeing these foolish people marching around in their silly hats was infuriating me so much, but poster above articulated it perfectly: here we have a group of extraordinarly priveleged and comfortable people parading around and whining about how bad they have it because the new president has a potty mouth, and meanwhile in flyover land people are dying left and right from ODs, starvation, disease etc. Frick it. Just like I was looking forward to the Trump presidency so I’d get to see the tears of the pathetic social justice warrior cry babies, I’m now looking even more forward to the imminent collapse/civil war so that these pathetic entitled urban enclave dwelling snivelers can find out what having it hard really means. Then everyone can be equally miserable! Reply ↓ TedWa January 27, 2017 at 10:03 am Except the elites, the cause of the problems. Reply ↓ jgordon January 27, 2017 at 4:48 pm They’re going to be the first to get knocked off. The well-armed people guarding them will string the elites up like dogs and take their stuff when society breaks down–the inherent flaw in every elite escape plan. Reply ↓ pretzelattack January 27, 2017 at 11:56 pm if the well armed people cooperate with each other, and one of them isn’t a snitch. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim January 27, 2017 at 10:59 am Oh, my gosh! The new POTUS has a potty mouth! As if that has never happened before. Take some time to read the transcripts of Nixon’s White House tapes. Expletives were deleted like there was no tomorrow. And then there was LBJ. One of the foulest mouthed people ever to be president. Heck, the guy could have given Bill Clinton a run for his #@%$ money. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre January 27, 2017 at 9:26 am As someone from foreign shores, living in a country that has experienced a similar attempt by the largely ignored & forgotten masses, in what appears to have been to a certain extent, an ‘ Any port in a storm ‘ protest vote – the above heartfelt & beautifully written description of despair, rings a small bell. I say small, as due to many factors, but mainly the fact that the populations suffering a similar fate in the UK, are to some extent still being protected by that increasingly flimsy welfare state safety net. I suppose that the talk of a civil war is also reinforced by the Stanford article & that in turn led my thoughts toward a recent documentary I watched, which focused on Shakespeare’s Jacobean plays. Two quotes from the above stuck in my head : ” When discords & quarrells & factions are carried openly & audaciously, it is a sign that reverence of government are lost “. ” The rebellions of the belly are the worst “. Francis Bacon. These were written as a reaction to the events in Northamptonshire & adjoining counties, to the ‘ Enclosure Movement ‘, which was the seizing of the common lands by the local elites, which were previously used by one & all as a means of sustenance. Large bands of men had rioted & marched to protest, only to be firmly put down by order of the king James the first. In the county mentioned above, around forty were hacked to death, with three of the ringleaders being publicly hung, drawn & quartered. The plays, such as ” Timon of Athens ” & the others of that time, reflect the story of what was the dawn of capitalism. Shakespeare as an insider within court, very skilfully managed to highlight the concerns of the time, while keeping his head, until he stopped writing at around 1612. Order was restored for a time, but eventually the effect of the events described led in 1642 after his death to the ” English Revolution ” or ” English Civil War “, as revisionists prefer. I imagine that things tended to smoulder at a slower pace in those days & the above was no Left / Right contest over power, although the roots of a Leftist struggle can perhaps be seen in the struggle of the ” Levellers ” & Gerard Winstanley’s ” Diggers”. Cromwell in a small way reminds me of Trump, in the way that he found himself in uncharted waters, which is perhaps where the Donald might find himself. I do think the important thing to learn from history is how people react to events, because at the root of us, in desperate situations, I believe that we are very much the same as our ancestors who faced similar challenges – whether it be the above, ” Let them eat cake ” or austerity ridden Weimar Germany prior to Hitler. Perhaps the ” Enclosure movement “, was the first rough & ready version of a modern so called trade deal & according to the late Marxist historian Brian Manning – the revolution only got off the ground because the radicals, through the medium of woodcut printing etc, won the media battle. Reply ↓ Steve H. January 27, 2017 at 10:42 am Was the documentary by James Shapiro, by chance? If not, what documentary was that? Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre January 27, 2017 at 12:49 pm Steve H. You are correct & for those for whom it is available, it is still on BBC i-player. You can also type in the title ” The king & the playwright: A Jacobean history & under videos it is available on Ru-tube, or a lesser quality version on youtube – assuming that they are available in your country. Reply ↓ flora January 27, 2017 at 11:23 am ” are to some extent still being protected by that increasingly flimsy welfare state safety net.” History books about the Great Depression mostly do not have references to the ad hoc violence and threat of violence that economic disaster created. Farm sales, wherein a farmer who got behind in his mortgage because crop prices had collapsed had his farm sold off to pay the bank and the farmer and his family were put out on the street with nothing, became common. At the same time, as more farmers were being put off the land, growing numbers of local farmers would band together to attend these farm sales of a neighbor’s farm with the understanding that no one should bid and if anyone did bid they wouldn’t enjoy their new property. In some locals judges and court officers were threatened with violence if they tried to enforce a eviction notice. Just one example of growing vigilantism that sprung up in different ways and in different areas. In Europe the great rack of the Great Depression gave rise to, well, we all know that story. so… to the point I’m making from the quote at the top of this comment. The social safety net in the US and what is called the welfare state in Britain and Europe are a means of buying social peace. The safety nets – decent and humane and civilized – are in the first place buying peace, imo. Peace is good for countries. Peace is good for business (unless you’re an armaments manufacturer I guess). Peace is good for capitalism. The neoliberals in govt should consider the safety nets a cost of doing business instead of a pot of money to be looted. Thanks for your comment. Reply ↓ River January 27, 2017 at 12:23 pm The neoliberals in govt should consider the safety nets a cost of doing business instead of a pot of money to be looted. They’ve decided that New Zealand and converted missile silos are a better option than throwing people a bone. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre January 27, 2017 at 1:13 pm flora. Shakespeare himself although coming from a relatively lowly background, only became the man he was because he received in part a very good education, within a small community which largely took care of it’s own. The enclosure movement as described by Shapiro, often led to thirty men being replaced by a single shepherd, & in those days one could literally starve to death – the NAFTA from hell perhaps. Your point about a safety net being considered as a necessary cost of business, would never have occurred to James the first, but it might have saved his son’s head & maintained the divine right of kings for quite some time, as was the case for the French until their revolution. A consideration that the equivalent elites today, really have no excuse for ignoring, but hubris is never out of fashion, particularly if one’s head is always immersed in a trough. Reply ↓ todde January 27, 2017 at 3:54 pm My father grew up as a farmer in Illinois during the depression. He’d tell stories of good christian men gathering at night and burning the barges full of grain on the Mississippi River. Reply ↓ DJG January 27, 2017 at 9:49 am Daniel Barenboim, as quoted in 30 Jan issue of The New Yorker: The musicians of the German orchestra understood democracy because they practiced it in their daily life, even under the communist regime. They chose the musicians themselves; they appointed their conductor—they were far more independent than American orchestras. In Chicago, I had the feeling that everything that was achieved in America was achieved through legal means, not through human means. It was always the contract. Never human contact. [I’ll point out that Barenboim for good reason shows the value of the arts. Also, this statement is polite damnation. Now, the question is how does the U S of A get out of this state?] Reply ↓ Carolinian January 27, 2017 at 11:00 am Not sure of the relevance of your comment but I love Daniel Barenboim so thanks anyway. He is a great musician and a great humanist. Reply ↓ DJG January 27, 2017 at 11:27 am Carolinian: I think that James F’s post argues for more human contact–we all have to keep talking to lessen the tensions and to understand our collective and individual situations. Also, I keep trying to argue against American exceptionalism. Further, I found that Obama made various feints toward the arts but didn’t understand the power of art and artistic organizations. Upthread, I am seeing many literary references. And I have made comments about how we cannot rely on the Supreme Court to protect rights. The whole “appointments to the Supreme Court” thing is an excuse for lack of action. The U.S. is too legalistic to begin with, as Barenboim points out. The law is now degraded by corporate power. The law is no longer a neutral space where we can negotiate well collectively. More grist for James F’s mill. Reply ↓ Jeff Undavis January 27, 2017 at 9:55 am In thinking about realistic self-determination movements it’s over the top to game out blockades and Stuxnet attacks. It’s not a civil war. It would work as it is working in Scotland, gradually and inexorably, as the people of a state diverge from the USA by adherence to peremptory norms that the US has breached. The process is state execution of the legal requisites of sovereignty: non-participation in use or threat of force; insistence on disarmament; fulfillment of all human rights; denial of impunity for serious crimes. The state responds to federal pressure by going over the USA’s head to treaty bodies, charter bodies, special procedures and civil-society tribunals. The state heightens divergence until the USA pukes it out with relief. Reply ↓ jhallc January 27, 2017 at 10:04 am Thanks for putting it so eloquently. Yesterday I almost commented on the level of anger I’ve noticed in the outside world, as well as here in the NC community. I can be as angry as the next person. These days if you are engaged in what’s going on in the world it’s hard not to be. On innauguration day I almost stuck my Bernie sign back out in front of my house, not to p**s off the Trump supporters (not many in my neighborhood) but, the folks who voted for HRC. Got to let it go… although I still haven’t tossed out the sign. Reply ↓ MrNoItAll January 27, 2017 at 12:02 pm I live in Chapel Hill and display a Bernie magnet on my car. When I travel outside the Triangle I remove it. Reply ↓ EricT January 27, 2017 at 1:58 pm I still wear my campaign t-shirts in public. Someone always notices, usually with a thumbs up, or I voted for him. I always respond with, “You mean the real president of the United States.” Reply ↓ ScottW January 27, 2017 at 10:09 am I lived in Chapel Hill, NC, between 2000-2012. I remember during the Iraq War, being honked at and cut off while driving outside Orange County with my “End the War” sticker. Chapel Hill was referred to as “Crapel Hill” by native North Carolinians who re-elected the racist Sen. Helms term after term. Sens. Hagan (D) & Burr (R) were both pro-war, anti-single payer, socially and economically conservative. Natives hated the relatively progressive social agenda in Chapel Hill more than they did its affluence. I witnessed the Koch infestation of State Government and the nearly unanimous (by County) anti-gay constitutional amendment. If single payer, debt-free higher education, an increased minimum wage, and an end to the Middle East Wars were State ballot initiatives, they would have all been defeated by large margins. The UNC system, one of the State’s crown jewels, was under constant assault by Republicans, and a majority of the citizens supported that assault. Outside of the Triangle, Asheville and parts of Charlotte, North Carolina was socially and economically conservative. A deep distrust for “Northerners” permeated race and economic status. I am sympathetic to the “dying” towns that are littered with abandoned brick factories that cannot be converted into brew pubs and upscale loft condos. They are constant reminders of a “better” time gone by that will never return. Everyone deserves, as a human right, affordable healthcare, a living wage with decent benefits and affordable housing. Sadly, as demonstrated by Sanders’ inability to gain traction in NC over Hillary, even the Democrats were not ready to embrace his progressive issues. And my belief is even if Sanders had spent the prior year campaigning in NC, Clinton would have won the primary. As with this column, there is more journalistic attention being paid to the plight of “flyover Country.” But nothing I read provides any tangible path of how we get from “here” to “there.” Awareness is essential, but without solutions that are fully embraced by those in need, the power elite will be let off the hook as they have been for decades, if not our entire existence. Division and hatred are the formulae for maintaining a status quo of expanding income/wealth inequality, expensive healthcare, debt-fueled higher education and endless war/security expansion. Until a vast majority of the poor and lower middle-class embrace single payer, debt-free higher education, an end to endless war, an increasing minimum wage, and an end to authoritarian policing, nothing will change for the better. Reply ↓ pictboy3 January 27, 2017 at 1:58 pm Being from Kentucky, I can empathize with your experience. My mom’s family is from Eastern Kentucky, in the mountains, so I recognize a lot of the attitudes, but these are my people, so I can’t just leave them behind. I think the way forward is to try and reach out to people in these areas by speaking their language. As has been mentioned elsewhere, these areas are super religious, so we should be making arguments that rely on biblical verses to support things like welfare, single payer (there are many that could be used). If I was running for office, I would promise to do nothing to change the status quo on abortion, and focus all my attention on those issues. If you can sidestep all the culture war BS, I am convinced you could get through to these people. I talk with conservatives frequently, and they know that things are bad, they know we’re getting our lunch eaten by foreign countries, most can even agree on the efficacy of social programs. But the constant refrain I hear from them is that people game the system of these programs, and that SJW on college campuses want to impose political correctness on everyone. It’s an issue of credibility. Right wingers know the neolibs have no credibility, but they haven’t started questioning the credibility of their own worldviews, mostly because no one will go and thoughtfully engage with them on issues that matter. Bernie started to do this, and I heard a lot of positive things about him from conservatives I know. I also heard people say he wants to give away free stuff, but that’s a misconception that can be cured through communication. I see the problem as no one being willing to communicate and having an agenda that’s just too broad. With some narrow focus, I firmly believe you could push stuff like single payer in these areas if you engaged with them. The south was a fierce battleground that bred some of the most progressive movements (at least in terms of labor) that we’ve seen in this country. I still believe it could happen again. Reply ↓ Anonymous January 27, 2017 at 10:11 am thank you to James F – similar experience in central Midwest – relatives/friends in urban coastal areas clueless or “unemployed made bad choices” etc. So far Wal-Mart shelves not empty, but other markers the same (heroin use/low income dependency on govt benefits/local elite “blaming the victim” with ideology like ‘multigenerational poverty’ – which is true but doesn’t capture whole causation/resentment of Hispanics by working class for doing crappy jobs no one else wants). And while Trump was big in this area, it’s more for hard core conservatism than rejection of neoliberalism/”free” market. Won’t be civil war here exactly (great respect for police/military), but yes, people open carry guns. One state legislator floating idea of no regulation of guns. Just before 2008, in rural/suburban Ohio saw signs for “Patriot Gatherings” – wonder how they’re doing post-2016. Reply ↓ Ted January 27, 2017 at 10:16 am This was indeed a passionate post and an authentic reading of the growing divergence in life chances in the US that are not just based on economic position, but also geographic location (something folks call sociospatial disparities). And there was certainly a tone of condescension in the marches on the weekend, with lots of chatter in my well heeled credentialed household about “stinky Donald and his gold digging wife” — not very elevated rhetoric considering the elevated sounding slogans on the sweatshirts (Soros?) funded organizations were doling out. But I think precarity is much more widespread than fly-over vs coastal cities depicts. Consider the hapless state of the precariate in Higher Education, folks who work hard (yes even the credentialed have to work for a living) but are paid peanuts and offered few benefits and no professional respect. At the moment they hold on to the crappy work on the off chance that they might find themselves elevated to the rarified air of the tenured ranks. But this is a pipe dream … the nature of their work will preclude them from writing and publishing on topics that the elite academics use to block entry into their club. This sense of precarity can be found right through the “credentialed classes”. There is, then, an opportunity for class consciousness that transcends the spatialized divisions spoken of in this post. An opportunity that requires more than marches of the well-heeled set, but patient, street level organizing (yes Virginia, this ain’t gonna happen on the internet!). So, while the distopic image given in this post is certainly one tale to tell, there are other, more optimistic narratives. But the realization of these alternatives requires hard work, a focus beyond the antics of one D. Trump, and a vision for the long game that marshalls the pracariate as a unified voice for economic justice. Reply ↓ flora January 27, 2017 at 11:33 am I agree. The term ‘flyover zipcodes’ could be applied to a lot of boroughs and subdivisions in Dem cities. For me, the term ‘flyover’ simply means ‘ignored and dismissed’ by the Dem/GOP establishment. Reply ↓ DH January 27, 2017 at 2:35 pm To me, flyover is largely the areas that are not focused on the finance industry, state and federal government, import ports, and international business management. They are the areas where manufacturing used to occur and farming still happens. Reply ↓ Gaylord January 27, 2017 at 10:36 am We had better wake up to learn that a far bigger “war” is coming: the fight for survival of our species on this degraded planet. Even that existential threat has not unified us nationally or internationally. All of this political self interest and bickering soon will fade into insignificance when the onslaught of nature’s wrath intensifies. I don’t expect the climate change deniers (including the current administration and most of the Congress) to change their tune, and even if they were to come to their senses and recognize the undeniable truth, it would be too late. I now have no doubt civilization will descend into chaos and mass death. It’s quite simple: we won’t be able to grow enough food. Nature’s revolution against the human invasive species will dwarf all others in history. Finally, as the untended nuclear power plants go gamma, all of our skeletons and the artifacts of our culture will be entombed in a thin layer of the earth’s crust. Reply ↓ Whitey Fisk January 27, 2017 at 10:39 am I’m a lifelong Pennsylvania resident. I grew up in the Alabama portion (as Carville put it) and now reside in the suburbs of one of the large cities. Along the way I earned engineering degrees finishing with a PhD from a highly rated university – so I don’t think I fall into the category of the gun totin’ (don’t own any), corn-fed, overall wearin’ “Pennsyltuckian” (as it has been called in comments sections – guess you’ll have that being the state whose call pushed Trump over the top). When I visit my parents, or on basically any trip reasonably distant from the city, there were more political signs in yards this year than I can ever remember – and all for Trump. When he talked of the tombstone factories that dot the landscape, these are the areas he talked to. The places I worked summer jobs during my college years were long ago abandoned, repurposed for stints as business incubators or job retraining facilities. Eventually those go away too, when the gov funds dry up and nothing comes out of the incubators. I’ve read the linked articles that dissect the voting patterns with their discussion of how the metric of quality of life correlated/inverse correlated with the voting patterns. People in these areas have seen the effects of “quality of life improvements” on their lives. Even with life expectancy, what does a longer life (or ‘better’ by any metric) mean when your life feels like it has no purpose, or meaning. Which the tone deaf Clinton campaign only fueled, first with the ‘basement dwellers’ reference to Sanders’ supporters and the ‘deplorables’ statement. My parents had a small farm, 10-20 miles from ‘cities’ that are barely dots on the map. There used to be gas station/mom & pop stores at many crossroads. When the government came in and said the gas stations had to replace their underground tanks because they were prone to leakage, these stores went away. Sure, it cut the odds there would be gasoline in your well, but you still needed gas and had to drive 20 miles to get it or any other incidental. So, your quality of life got better, I suppose, but there were people who supplemented their livelihood running those stores. A decade or two ago, the number of dairy farms in the area took a hit when the EPA came in and said they couldn’t spread manure on their fields – it was raising nitrate levels downstream. So, if you could afford it you had to put in settling tanks, etc to handle it – which further cut already thin margins in farming. OK, again the quality of life got better, but your job just got harder to make a living at. If I were a farmer, I’d look at the research into cutting the methane from cow flatulence with more than a little worry. Pennsylvania has a checkered history wrt the petroleum/gas industry. Where I grew up is not far from the first oil well. The resurgence due to the shale boom really had a positive impact in those rural areas. I’m sure it even helped when the picketers came to protest (Sarandon, etc.), but like all booms (and the picketers), it went away. I realize it was more due to the low price of gas, but not sure everyone sees it that way. I’m not in the oil/gas business, but my office is in a local hotspot for that industry, except it isn’t so hot anymore – I refer to the office park as “New Pithole”. Trump’s comments on energy independence were viewed as helping this industry and having a positive impact on jobs in these rural areas. Frankly, I don’t foresee coal coming back no matter how much regulations would be eased – gas is too cheap and many of the coal fired power plants in PA are being shut down. (Yet more jobs going away.) I see the calls for ‘guaranteed jobs’, but people will understand it for what it is: the government is providing for you/your family because they would have to. Not a resounding endorsement for your societal worth. Lastly, I see the logic behind claiming Sanders would have been a better candidate. Much like all Monday Morning Quarterbacking, it’s hard to say how it would have played out – so I can’t totally dismiss it out of hand. But my gut tells me that it’s clutching at straws. The theme I saw most from his campaign was free college tuition, which would have played well in the areas where Clinton’s campaign did best – so he wasn’t going to improve the cities/college campuses numbers. The rural voters might not have been that impressed, being wary of the ultimate cost of ‘free’ stuff. Sure, they have children they’d like to send to college, but few of the college educated are coming back (personal experience) because the post graduation jobs are not there. It wasn’t one particular thing that sunk Clinton, it was the weight of straws against a backdrop of lost hope. I’ll save my diatribe about immigration and H1B’s (also interns on student visa’s) for another post. Reply ↓ Spring Texan January 27, 2017 at 11:06 am Actually I think Sanders might have won one-on-one with Trump, but had he actually had a strong chance of being the nominee, Bloomberg would have thrown his hat in the ring and that would have diverted enough votes from Sanders Trump would have won anyhow. So, no, it was not to be. Reply ↓ Skip Intro January 27, 2017 at 1:37 pm You really think Bloomberg would take more Sanders voters than Trump voters? I don’t find it plausible. Bloomberg, as a real republican, would have had much better luck wooing the GOP voters that the long-loathed Clinton went after. Bernie was polling much better than either Trump or Clinton, and would have been well positioned to capture the rural and populist resentment against economic elites. This is not all hindsight either, as many made this argument throughout the rigged primary. Reply ↓ Whitey Fisk January 27, 2017 at 2:30 pm Poll numbers FTW! Reply ↓ pretzelattack January 27, 2017 at 6:57 pm also not overspending millions in a state he would win (california) to concentrate on states that were close, that’s what would have won it for bernie. bernie, unlike clinton, was aware of the electoral college. (but she won california by 3 million votes!) Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 11:09 pm Based on what? Who on EARTH would have voted for Bloomberg in the kinds of numbers that would have thrown a state to Trump that wasn’t already going red? I think Bernie would have won New York in that three way, and there was polling at the time done privately for Bloomberg (so if anything, putting the most positive spin on Bloomberg’s chances) that backs my position up. Maybe Bloomberg could have taken Connecticut? Bernie would have taken California, Washington, Oregon, Iowa, Minnesota and the ENTIRE Rust Belt. He might have taken Georgia — it was looking like he’d take Georgia in a one-on-one with Trump, and I don’t see Bloomberg preventing that. Please tell me ONE significant state that would have broken for Trump instead of Bernie because of Bloomberg. If there were that many hedge fund managers in America, Hillary would have won — and she got a whole lot of voters who would never, EVER have voted for Bloomberg. Bloomberg is a wealthy New York oligarch whose mission in life is taking away pleasure from those beneath him. So his base is Republican, plus those weird Hillary fan girls whose racism and greed is polite and sanctimonious. Bernie could have spotted Bloomberg ALL the Hillary fan girls (they make a lot of noise, but the ones so nasty they’d have voted for Bloomberg instead of Bernie as the Democratic standard bearer would be a small group) and taken a lot of rural voters from the Republican base in most of those states. Bernie would have won. That’s why the Democratic Party and its allies and client entities did so much, including breaking laws, to stop him. Reply ↓ ex-PFC Chuck January 27, 2017 at 10:39 am This is a snap shot of the status of things in one corner of the provinces here in the upper Midwest. Last week I attended a book event at a medium-sized private college about a 45 minute drive from the Twin Cities. The author, Justin Gest, is an assistant professor of public policy at George Mason University and his book is entitled, The New Minority: White Working Class Politics In An Age Of Immigration And Inequality. There were at least a hundred people in attendance; we were a mix of students, some faculty and quite a few private citizens most of whom were older, like myself. The author used a format I’d never encountered before. After he spoke for about half an hour we separated into groups of about eight people each, with the charge to discuss our personal experiences of inequality and interactions with recent immigrants. After an hour during which Gest circulated, listening each group and occasionally contributing their discussions, he took the floor again as the Emcee while someone from each group summarized its conversation. One of the people in my group was a non-tenured instructor at the college in the dance department. She had grown up in a one-industry town – paper – in central Wisconsin, where her father was a physician. According to Wikipedia the company had been owned and headquartered locally; I don’t know if it owned other mills elsewhere. It was acquired by a Finnish company around the turn of the millennium, and less than a decade later it changed hands again. Although the Wikipedia entry on the town implies it’s still in operation, she says it’s totally shut down. She said the town had over 30,000 residents during her youth (she’s in her early 40s, but she looks much younger. I know her age only because she mentioned her birth year in passing during the discussion.), but is now down to 13,000 something. What I found most shocking, however, was that since her father retired late in the naughts there have been no physicians located in the town. There had once been a hospital but that had closed before that. So now the nearest medical services available require a 25 mile drive to a town of about 25,000. There has been a lot of hand-wringing about the difficulty of getting medical people to settle in small towns and rural areas, but I had no idea that it applied to towns this large in the upper Midwest. Reply ↓ ambrit January 27, 2017 at 1:12 pm I see an increase in ads for LPNs and RNs for “assisted living,” (irreverently known as assisted dying,) centres. The smaller towns around here are suffering a shortage of medical personnel. The mismatch in skill sets and jobs is often suspiciously linked to “bottom line” issues. Credentialism is an expensive disease. There has been a small controversy about the state’s attempt to stop an elderly physician treating poor patients from out of his car and house in the Delta. Charity has become a crime. If someone tells me that the doctor in question isn’t properly credentialled, I ask them what to do with the people that he treats. No one else is trying to help. Powerful money interests are actively opposing any iteration of an American “Barefoot Doctors” program. If Rule #2 of the Neoloberalism Playbook is: “Go die,” then Rule #2 of the anti-Neoliberalism Playbook will be: “No prisoners.” Reply ↓ River January 27, 2017 at 3:03 pm Charity has become a crime Which is bizarre, I mean look at the people arrested for giving the homeless a meal in Florida. I don’t even get the reason behind it. The people who want to help, are using their time and income to help out, but it’s a crime?!?!? Reply ↓ ambrit January 27, 2017 at 8:27 pm As we discovered after Katrina, charity is often subsumed under the set of “official,” “credentialed,” or “approved” groups and organizations. We had a good unofficial people’s clinic in Pearlington that helped a lot of people. It was made to go away through the meddling of the “official” medical groups because it wasn’t credentialed enough. After it was made to disappear, we had to travel a half an hour or more for any medical help at all. The lesson I learned then was that there are people who will allow others to suffer and die to protect their exalted status. Power is a raw and naked drug that corrupts effectively and universally. Reply ↓ aab January 27, 2017 at 8:45 pm Comfortable people would rather other people starve and die than be made uncomfortable by being aware of that suffering. It’s really that simple. Reply ↓ RUKidding January 27, 2017 at 11:27 am Thanks, James F, for a very insightful post. Some here may know of James Michael Greer, also known as teh Arch Druid, and he speaks of similar issues. I have found his blog helpful for me to gain insights into what has motivated many voters to vote for Trump. I am someone who did vote very very reluctantly for Clinton and now have NO regrets that she lost. I just wish I could trust Trump more to actually do some of things he promised. Time will tell. I would like to add, though, that this heartfelt post leaves out a lot of things (which is ok). One thing that hits me is the lack of discussion of rightwing Hate Radio, Fox and so-called “Christian” broadcasting outlets and the harm that they’ve wreaked on our populace. IMO, a huge part of this ever widening divide is due in large measure to the outright harm created by the divide & conquer methodology of these media outlets. They sewed the winds of hatred, and now we are reaping some of the whirlwind. I think, also, that the so-called “left” or whatever you want to call it/us/them have become increasingly fed up with so-called “conservatives” (I use quotes bc, imo, they’re not conservative at all) who appear to mindlessly follow what their favorite Hate jock, Fox stenographer, or Doug Coe “Family” trained preacher tells them to do. I grew up in a fundamentalist rightwing family, and I’ve witnessed at ground level their very obvious and intense transformation from people who, yes, had conservative political ideologies and who practiced what I see as a prior form of Christianity that was,.indeed, more loving and inclusive – they’ve been transformed into fear-filled hate mongers who often display very very ugly nasty hate-filled attitudes resembling the diametric opposite of how they used to live/think/feel/behave. Take one tiny example of the idiotic, but very successful, brainwashing about the so-called “War on Christmas.” We grew up in the North East where there happens to be a large Jewish population. Way back in the ’50s, ’60s and early ’70s we mostly always said “Happy Holidays” in order to be polite and inclusive. Yes, the stores probably mostly all said “Merry Christmas” in their displays, but the notion of saying “Happy Holidays” to our friends and neighbors was a big fat nothingburger. Now if you talked to my family members, it’s as if this never happened, and they froth at the mouth about how “Satan” has taken over “forcing” them to acknowledge that not everyone is a “Christian” who believes like them. I bring this up bc I heard a Trump voter on the radio who claimed she was a missionary in Guatemala who flew in for Trump’s inauguration, and she very specifically spoke at length about how FINALLY!! the War on Christmas was over because “Godly” (I quote) Trump was in charge. NUTS. And so needlessly divisive, but that’s the goal. It has nothing to do with any real “Christian values,” imo. On the “left,” I witnessed many, including myself, who started out attempting to be sanguine about Rush and Fox, often being snarky and making jokes, and sometimes attempting to softly point out some other points of view to those becoming increasingly entranced by this particular form of brainwashing by propaganda. What I witnessed happening, though, was effective divide & conquer, as the left got increasingly fed up with the crap nonsense of it all, but also with “our side” being constantly portrayed in a completely (and often very unfairly and inaccurately) negative light. Indeed, we are often portrayed as THE enemy, which goes hand in hand with the notion that US Christians are somehow constantly under attack, etc. So the left ends up have very little sympathy and time for the so-called right because we’ve been effectively segregated by the media into our tribes with our various loyalties, beliefs, etc. Unfortunate. But this is, in part I think, why there is so little sympathy from the left for Trump voters. The left has been – mostly unfairly & without any real evidence – dissed and ridiculed and called THE enemy for so long by rightwing propaganda, that one loses sympathy for whatever plights exist for rightwing people. Of course, that’s goal, isn’t it, of the Oligarchs?? The irony is that, while the left may not be knowledgeable enough and sympathetic to the very real life issues facing rural/exurban America, the fact is the wealthier Republicans – who voted for Trump for very different reasons than poor Republicans – could give a stuff about the Rust Belt/FlyOver country citizens as well. They certainly do not want them to get any social welfare programs, and I doubt that they care whether these Republican voters have jobs or access to good health care, either. And so here we are in a very precarious place, and the bigger question is: How Do We Fix IT?? Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 12:45 pm Love the Archdruid. Reply ↓ flora January 27, 2017 at 1:10 pm re: “How do we fix it?” My own take on this: The Conservative Right (Limbaugh, Fox, Cruz, etc) and the Liberal Right (MSNBC, Maddow, Obama, etc) never ever talk economics ( unless it’s to push austerity) in the media or politics. Both sides talk their preferred form of Identity Politics. That stirs up people but doesn’t solve Main Street’s problems. Talking economics would find a lot of common ground. imo. Reply ↓ jrs January 27, 2017 at 1:58 pm So listen to someone better. Richard Wolff has a good show. Reply ↓ RUKidding January 27, 2017 at 2:22 pm I tossed out my tv many years ago and only listen to radio very sparingly and selectively. Therein lies part of the answer. While I totally disagree with the meme of the “liberal media” – it never has been liberal, not even NPR in the olden days – the M$M these days sucks. MSNBC had a very brief period at the end of the W Bush years where it had a couple of shows that were decent (not great but ok). Since then, however, those shows have either declined into fairly rightwing shows or been closed down entirely. It’s quite true that almost no one discusses economics or class in the M$M or our politicians, and its clear why – they certainly don’t want the proles to cotton onto the fact that our governments (local, state, federal) are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Oligarchs, who are sucking the life blood out of our country. The very poor and what remains of the working class in “flyover” country (or the rust belt or the so-called “heartland”) are the canaries in the coal mine and have suffered the worst. But the poor and working class across the country are truly suffering overall. I was really pissed off that during the Primary the M$M kept focusing on the so-called “White Working Class Male” vote. Gimme a break. The issues/problems/concerns ascribed to WWM really applied across the board to everyone who was poor/working class – women, minorities, etc, and it didn’t matter where they lived, how they typically voted, or what their political tribal identity was. THAT was another big divide and conquer tactic by the PTB. Segregate out White Males and pit them against everyone else. I keep pointing out how Divide & Conquer works whenever I can, but a lot of citizens are either unable, unwilling or uninterested in really thinking about that. And so… it keeps happening. Unless or until most citizens can give up their addiction to watching/listening to the mind-numbing crap/lies/bs/hype/spin/fairy tales that eminates from their tvs and radios, I think we’re kind of screwed. It’s insidious, and I think it’s every bit as deleterious for our populace as the opiod addiction. Not kidding. It’s what really keeps us divided from each other as citizens of this once-great, now third world, nation. Reply ↓ 5 Dog Life January 27, 2017 at 4:14 pm Several years ago, a niece who is a Republican activist in Minnesota was visiting me after I had moved to California to get my husband out of the Minnesota cold winters. I told her it was time for both sides to put aside social issues dividing us and concentrate instead on overcoming the power of Wall Street to bring the rest of us down to serfdom. Since I had in past years been an activist in Minnesota on the other side of the fence, she knew full well what I was talking about when I told her the divisive social issues were being used to keep our focus diverted while they stole the contents of the cookie jar. She actually agreed with me but to this day has never changed her focus. Maybe now she would reconsider???? Reply ↓ DarkMatters January 27, 2017 at 4:43 pm Struck on the head. The left, and liberals, used to concern themselves with economic welfare of the working class. How that movement devolved to the point where their greatest concern was toilet gender is something I’m trying yet to understand. Something happened, almost as if a parasitic zombie entered the Democratic Party and consumed it from the inside, making a horribly different creature with only the shell of its host intact. I see no signs of intellectually-sound, well-conceived doctrine anywhere on the political scene, but only signs of irrational knee-jerking tapped by the hammer of propaganda, for the benefit of elites. There. I feel better now. Reply ↓ JamesG January 27, 2017 at 11:35 am “His own party hates him. Impeaching or (God forbid) assassinating Trump would throw the entire government into the hands of Pence and Ryan. That would re-gear the war on Russia, reinstate the trade deals and guarantee the end of the New Deal and the Civil Rights era.” I read many non-Republican commentators who claimed Hillary was a likely US/Russia war-risker but this is the first I’ve read claiming that Pence-Ryan would not only do that but would also “end the Civil Rights era.” Reply ↓ Duende January 27, 2017 at 11:38 am “and overthrowing the government in Guatemala, Ukraine, and Libya were the real disasters.” Think you meant Honduras. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 11:57 am My bad. Sorry. Reply ↓ PKMKII January 27, 2017 at 11:42 am As someone who’s lived in both flyover country and urban coastal cities, I certainly get that the neoliberal elites can be clueless to the destruction their economic policies have brought upon much of the nation. But let’s not put flyover country people on a pedestal either. They suffer from their own narcissistic bubble, one born out of religious fanaticism and the belief that they are the “real” Americans and thus have a birthright to tell the rest of us what to do, demographic reality be damned. They can be just as stubborn as the coastal elites in denial that neoliberal capitalism has caused this problem, instead blaming “illegals” and insisting that this stupid wall is going to fix all their woes. I know a lot of coastal folk here like to imagine there’s a great, untapped horde of post-Keynesian social democrats out there, but truth is there’s a lot more that think Ayn Rand and Von Mises hold the answer. The solution here to avoid civil war (which would most likely be an economic, not physical, war) is both sides admitting their faults and sins. The coastal elites need to recognize the damage their ideology has done, and flyover country folks need to admit that they’re not the moral or demographic center of the universe. Reply ↓ freedomny January 27, 2017 at 11:43 am What I have noticed is the huge anger that Hilary voters have for the people who didn’t vote for her. And this was mentioned by speakers at the march I attended. These people IMHO are folks that did not want the status quo shaken. They are part of the “I’ve got mine” group….and they could care less about others who are not as fortunate. Reply ↓ 5 Dog Life January 27, 2017 at 1:16 pm “These people IMHO are folks that did not want the status quo shaken.” “These people” don’t know Hilary’s past so can’t see that if Hilary had been elected, the next 8 years would be a drip, drip, drip of loss of everything that past battles have obtained for the betterment of those of us not in the 10%. And during those 8 years all the women who marched against Trump would have been quietly desperately hoping “the real Hilary” could be seen just like everyone sat quietly by waiting for the “real Obama” to be seen. “the status quo” would have been shaken under Hilary but not so obviously as under Trump so no opposition would have materialized and no marches would result. In other words, we would be back to everyone sitting on their hands listening to the words and not seeing the actions. Reply ↓ Waldenpond January 27, 2017 at 12:21 pm Thank you for your compassion. Urban areas are bluer. Still, though call to arms is insufficient, some are gaining compassion as they are affected. Urban areas have the same grifting liars and it’s being noticed as cities are overpaying for pharmaceuticals, the credentialed class is losing jobs, and if there are doctors their insurance doesn’t allow them access. They too, have to fill out forms to report crime and the state purveyors of violence merely shrug their shoulders and use it for statistical gathering. [Failure to push for card check, Medicare for all, voter registration, prosecuting Wall Street fraud and war crimes, new trade deals, authorizing the extra-judicial murder of US citizens] Resolving these issues will make lives better. But to get these steps, the argument needs to far more aggressive. I would also argue that these solutions are not nearly enough. Card check is an insufficient solution to corrupt union leadership and corporatism. MCR is insufficient a solution to private hospitals, medical manufacturing and pharma. Prosecutions are insufficient to end fraud…. Etc. I don’t see a war coming. USians can’t successfully boycott let alone take down one corporation. When a people are incapable of (what is socially and capacity wise) the small task of taking down a corporation, I certainly don’t expect a general strike. The description of empty shelves, long lines, basic medicines, housing, a system that taxes even those with the least….. doesn’t seem to indicate a coming war, but a passive descent. When it gets worse, there will be chaos and state violence (women in pink hats demanding priority for children in the food lines with national guard slamming them to the concrete), I’m just not seeing a war. What would I fight for? Reply ↓ Art Eclectic January 27, 2017 at 12:21 pm The question is, how do you avoid a civil war when the entire government apparatus has been captured by business interests and the country is being run for maximum resource extraction? It’s a rentier world and they’re bleeding everyone dry while buying property with airstrips in other countries as an escape hatch. How do you fix that? Reply ↓ Dpfaef January 27, 2017 at 1:58 pm The first big step is you vote out anyone that has held office for more than one term. It really is that simple. You vote for the guy not in office and you continue to do that. We do this for the president, but we need to start doing for very elected official, we don’t need term limits. We just need to vote and we don’t so we have this dysfunctional government. Reply ↓ Goyo Marquez January 27, 2017 at 12:24 pm FWIW – Civil War. Been reading, For Whom The Bell Tolls, the novel not the poem, though public readings of the poem would probably be a good thing right now. It’s the Marine son’s favorite novel, he loves Hemingway. The Spanish civil war might be a little more instructive than the Balkan. My impression, yielding to the lust for violence produces horrors we’d rather not even imagine. Horrors perpetrated by all. – Free trade. The refusal of the elites to even acknowledge that free trade did not produce the promised results but their opposite is extremely frustrating. I was in favor of it at the time, as all us good junior economists were, but even then I couldn’t grok where the new jobs were going to come from. You can’t change the law so that entire factories can be shipped to countries with cheaper labor, their produce sold back to us at the same price, owners pocketing the difference, and then just avert your eyes from the economic destruction that results. The elites want the benefits of the American marketplace but not the costs. – Wars of Religion. It seems to me that the Spanish civil war was, to a large extent, a war of religion, but between an avowedly religious side, The Catholic Church, and a side which refused to acknowledge that they were fighting to convert Spaniards to a new religious worldview. It is that which makes it similar to the situation in the U.S.. On the one side we have the avowedly religious, Evangelicals, Christian right, Catholics, Orthodox Christians, Orthodox Jews, and Moslems. On the other we have people who deny any religious motivation, but, as always with the most fanatically religious, believe themselves to be motivated only by truth, motivated only by a true view of the world, with which truth they desire only to free those bound by false worldviews. You’d think the west would’ve had its fill of religious wars by this point. No man is an island, Entire of itself. Each is a piece of the continent, A part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less. As well as if a promontory were. As well as if a manor of thine own Or of thine friend’s were. Each man’s death diminishes me, For I am involved in mankind. Therefore, send not to know For whom the bell tolls, It tolls for thee. (John Donne, 1624) Reply ↓ Ron in WISCO January 27, 2017 at 12:36 pm I’m somewhat surprised to read a thread like this on Naked Capitalism. The plight of the “working class” in flyover country has become a tired, almost melodramatic cliche. Hey, I know what’s happened to the industrial base and manufacturing employment. Flyover country is my home. I was born, grew up in, and currently live in Wisconsin. Moreover, for 37 years, I worked as nonpartisan budget staff for the Wisconsin Legislature, with responsibility for economic and workforce development issues, including economic development incentives (i.e. taxes, grants, loans), unemployment and workers compensation, workforce training and retraining programs, apprenticeship, the state corporate income and insurance premium taxes, and community development programs. I frequently worked with legislators, their constituents, interest groups, and other people and entities from all parts of Wisconsin. I’d like to make a few comments: We are all Americans. Just becuase you live in LA a are upper middle class, doesn’t make you less of an American. You don’t have to drive a pick-up, or work in a factory. Why the vitriol toward Modonna, Ashley Judd, et. al. You don’t have to agree, but they used some talent and breaks along the way to become famous, just like the Donald. Because someone earns a graduate and/or postgraduate degree, works in a well-paying job, and has opinions makes him or her an elitist? But someone in lower paying job who has opinions is not? Democracy at work. The forgotten ones. The working class in Flyover land are not forgotten or ignored. Since 2004, almost half of presidential campaign appearances have been in Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, Iowa, and Pennsylvania (article by Leonard Steinhorn-read the whole thing). Perception or reality. Economic conditions may be less than ideal, but maybe not as bad as perceived. Many of the working class communities have median incomes around the state and national medians (see Steinhorn, Rick Perlstein’s in Mother Jones, Census Data). This is not to say it’s acceptable, real wages are as big an issue as jobs. Be careful what you wish for. This was basically my experience. On just about every issue at the state level the left supports workers, the right does not: minimum wage, right-to-work, unemployment insurance benefits and extensions, workers compensation benefits, right-to-work, trade adjustment training, employee benefits (including health care), state economic development incentives to anti-labor employers like Walmart, tax cuts that disproportionally benefit upper income groups, labor laws including labor organizing, funding for public education (k-12, college and university, tech-colleges), and even tax law enforcement (focus on programs like the EITC). Politics of Resentment. Kathy Cramer’s study of rural Wisconsin residents reflects my experience. Part of that resentment is anger at “others” benefiting from government programs. “Put collars on them” shouted a member of a assembly caucus to widespread laughter. As long as this is part of the resentment it’ll be difficult to support social and economic justice policies and appeal to the white working class. What’s a person to think? So when a group consistently votes against their own economic interest, categorizes and resents fellow citizens because of where they live, their income, and their support of economic and social justice policies, believes they’re un-American and elites, yet demands respect for their own authenticity and , to some extent, self-selected economic duress, what response would you expect. Straight Outta Compton. Both sides have generally abandoned the underclass. However, only one side has punishing them as a policy objective. True equivalency. Both Democratic and Republican economic policies have been dominated by neoliberals and big- money donors. Trade is one area where Trump has had some potentially beneficial influence. I’m partial to the thoughts of Baker, Bersnstien and Faux. There’s more I’d like to add. I’m just real tired of this authentic Americans vs coastal elite BS. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorJanuary 27, 2017 at 6:28 pm I don’t see how you can depict it as a “tired, melodramatic cliche” and present yourself as data driven when we have AIDS levels of opioid deaths and a a fall in life expectancy among less educated whites. Angus Deaton said life expectancy in some parts of the Rust Belt states and the Appalachias is lower than in Bangladesh. And no one is doing anything about it. Instead, the coastal elites openly despise them, and the only out offered them is for their young to become cannon fodder. And they prattle on about “let them eat training” when they don’t even provide that! I’m also not sure you are as qualified to speak for Flyover as you state. You are a professional who had a steady job and lived in the state capitol dealing mainly with politicians and other experts. I assume you also have a pension, which puts you in a small minority these days. How often did you go out and visit towns that lost the mill that had been their main employer? My impression is that Wisconsin was also less hard hit than some other states due to its dairy industry, which benefits from considerable subsidies. I was born in West Virginia and lived before I was six in the Maryland panhandle in manufacturing towns, and then in many other states. My middle brother lives in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, in a town that once had two manufacturing plants as the anchor for two towns. The place he lives seen its population fall by 30%, a big rise in crime (he has to have his mail delivered to a PO Box, anything in a mailbox will be stolen), and the surviving mill, despite having a union (which it keeps threatening to break and may do this year) puts workers on punishing shifts (far worse than the old schedules) no doubt in part to make it so exhausting as to force older workers who have seniority to retire sooner. My brother is 56 and he is going to retire soon because he can’t take physically it any more even though he doesn’t have enough money to. This pretty much guarantees he’ll be dead in ten-twelve years, since he won’t be able to afford medical care (he already has a sick wife who will drain their savings once he is no longer on an employer health plan, despite having managed to accumulate an impressive nest egg) when his life expectancy is 23 years. And he’s tried reinventing himself (he’s published a book, been invited to speak at conferences, and written two screenplays). I can’t speak for what you describe as rural Wisconsin (are these farmers?), but I didn’t see those attitudes in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the mill towns. Like a lot of the Upper Midwest, the UP has Swedes as its biggest ethnic group and carried over the Scandinavian belief in egalitarianism. You see this in Minnesota, the Dakotas, and Washington State. The second biggest ethnic group in the UP was French Canadian, and their beliefs are similar. Reply ↓ bob January 28, 2017 at 2:27 am Even the way you write oozes entitlement and neocon- “with responsibility for economic and workforce development issues, including economic development incentives (i.e. taxes, grants, loans)” So you’re going to take credit for the past decade or two? Taxes, as in cutting them, for the rich? Grants and loans to “business”? Your built in PMC ordering speaks volumes. Then, we’ll move onto “unemployment”….yanno, one of those second order things, after we try to help business… At what point do all of the people who’ve been on the front lines die? It’s a battle of attrition, in case you haven’t noticed, and you seem to be alive and doing well. That’s not good for your credibility. It is that simple. Reply ↓ bob January 28, 2017 at 2:49 am “The forgotten ones. The working class in Flyover land are not forgotten or ignored. Since 2004, almost half of presidential campaign appearances have been in Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, Iowa, and Pennsylvania (article by Leonard Steinhorn-read the whole thing).” Look at how much prosperity is raining down on them! Fuck your homework, I’ve heard that all before, from the source- The right. It had a bit more obvious racism, but it’s the same recipe. Lets move onto victim blaming… “What’s a person to think? So when a group consistently votes against their own economic interest” and it’s accomplished. Lecture over. You continue to not learn anything, not listen to anyone and then deny what’s unfolding, in passive aggressive bullshit. “you see what you made us do now? We tried to help…” It’s not even patronization, it’s straight abuse, with some humiliation — for fun? Reply ↓ Chauncey Gardiner January 27, 2017 at 12:43 pm Thanks for a beautiful post, James F. That of which you wrote breaks my heart. The election is over. I hope the new president and his cabinet can come from the best places within themselves to address these issues in a creative and constructive manner. Ditto Congress. In an interview I read after the election, Trump himself noted the irony, but recognized the needs and level of desperation. Reply ↓ James F. January 27, 2017 at 12:47 pm You’re welcome. Reply ↓ Matthew G. Saroff January 27, 2017 at 12:45 pm A note on why, “Obama failed to ram through his agenda because he refused to rally the people who put him into office.” There is a saying about the political parties, that Republicans fear their base, and Democrats hate their base. I think that Obama REALLY hates the party base. All of his successes, starting with his becoming President of the Harvard Law Review, have been achieved by making nice with the right wing, and all of his failures, like his drubbing in his race against Bobby Rush, have come from liberals. (Obama won the white vote and lost the black vote in the primary) Reply ↓ tagio January 27, 2017 at 12:57 pm In not unrelated news, today’s Links section includes a link to the findings of a Stanford University history professor who has made a substantial case that, based on the historical record, only war or plague has ever worked to eliminate massive inequality. You can see the problem from the elites’ viewpoint: if you have no concept or sense of “enough” (for yourself, it’s easy to know when others have enough), how do you know you’ve gone too far and there isn’t more that you can get unless and until the plebes have set up a guillotine in the town square and heads actually start rolling in the street? Reply ↓ Portia January 27, 2017 at 1:52 pm class warfare on all parts of the spectrum. I was fed the myth while growing up in the 50s and 60s that it did not exist in the great America, land of the free, but it affected every aspect of my life from how I was treated by teachers, potential boyfriends, employers, etc. The fact that I was always a Progressive Tree Hugger and lover of the Earth did not help at all. I respect the you are still in there talking to people. I had to bail in my senior years. thanks for your heartfelt thoughts. Reply ↓ Toni Gilpin January 27, 2017 at 3:04 pm I’m a labor historian in my 50s, writing now about radical American unionism; I’m a Midwesterner raised in Chicago; my father was a UAW organizer and so a good portion of my childhood was spent in union halls and on picket lines surrounded by working people, black and white. Just that bit of background before I say: I was blown away by this piece. It really hit me in my gut and it still hurts. I’m going to be mulling it over for a long time, and thinking about it as I do my own labor history and union support work. (And it’s also beautifully written.) Thanks for this, James F. and NC. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:08 am Thanks very much for your comment! Reply ↓ different clue January 27, 2017 at 3:23 pm I am about to have to clock in and get to work. So thank you reader James F. I have only one small quibble or maybe even just a nit to pick regarding the interpretation of Obama’s record. And someone above may have already said it, in which case pardon my redundant comment. Obama did not fail to advance his agenda. The agenda Obama really advanced was the agenda Obama really always had. And he advanced it very successfully. He immunised and impunified the Cheney/bush war criminals against humanity very successfully and very on purpose. He immunised and impunified the FIRE sector perpetrators and engineers of the recent crash very successfully and very on purpose. He conspired to prevent Medicare For All and conspired to pass Heritage Care, most of all including the Forced Individual Mandate, very successfully and very on purpose. He conspired with the Republicans to make the Bush Tax Cuts permanent . . . very successfully and very on purpose. So I see no failure on Obama’s part. I see success after success after success. You can see it too, if you try. All you have to do is admit that what happened under Obama is exactly what Obama wanted to have happen, and was a perfect expression of everything Obama always stood for all along. Reply ↓ different clue January 27, 2017 at 3:29 pm Oh, and . . . here’s my conditional if-this/ then-that prediction for the future. IFF!! ( very big iff) the mainstream Republicans start an impeachment effort against Trump, the Clintonite Shitobamacrats will join it and support it and the Clintonite Shitobamacrat Senators will all vote to convict and remove. Because the Clintonite Shitobamacrats also prefer Pence and/ or Ryan as President instead of Trump. Reply ↓ Ed Miller January 27, 2017 at 3:52 pm Here are two links that may not have been seen by most readers (from conservatives – not neocons) which are tightly correlated to the public unrest, with appropriate quotes. Both articles are tells on how the non-connected public are being destroyed. From Chris Martenson: https://www.peakprosperity.com/blog/106107/mad-hell “Fair warning, my family just received a 61.5% increase in our healthcare insurance premium of 2017, on top of last year’s 24.8% increase, so I am quite annoyed at the moment. For my non-US readers, perhaps what follows will interest you as a means of understanding how and why Donald Trump came to be elected President. I am going to be channeling some of my inner crank today.” From Jeremy Grantham: The Road to Trumpsville: The Long, Long Mistreatment of the American Working Class http://seekingalpha.com/article/4039566-road-trumpsville-long-long-mistreatment-american-working-class?auth_param=1aqdlc:1c8j2lv:30544a01905d75696c7b04e5684979eb&uprof=45&dr=1 In his summary he says in his Post Script why people really voted for Trump – desperation. “The Republican Administration seems to feel it received a broad mandate and perhaps it did. But my guess is that this poll provides the real mandate that waits to be addressed. And it is a narrow, focused one. Save me, oh leaders, from the rich and powerful…” Reply ↓ dbk January 27, 2017 at 4:38 pm Thank you so much, James F. As a native of the small flyover city whose very name causes members of the East West credentialed classes to burst into snarky giggles, I can heartily second everything you say “they” think of “us.” True anecdote: When Offspring #1 graduated from law school a few years ago (he grew up abroad and had gone to school at an Easter-than-thou university), I thought he needed to get to know the U.S. outside the narrow geographical region and ideological framework he’d been absorbing for a decade and more. I caught an article in the NYT about a small town in Iowa whose only lawyer was retiring and sent it to him, suggesting in very, very strong terms that he needed to live in the heartland for some years to really understand his country. He didn’t take me up, unfortunately. The top 10-20%, now concentrated heavily on the two coasts and in scattered high-tech urban areas (I think this is the real “double” divide – coasts/inland + urban/non-urban), don’t understand the bottom 80-90%. And tbh, no amount of reading or talking about “them” with colleagues and friends is helpful – conversations like this are echo-chambers. You really have to be there. I don’t know how the divide is to be bridged, nor do I know what can be done to address the poverty that has flooded so much of the heartland. What’s the solution? Reply ↓ shinola January 27, 2017 at 5:17 pm Wow – as I type this, the comment tally is 280! James F I think you hit a nerve among NC readers with your commentary. I know I can certainly identify with everything you wrote. A heartfelt & thought provoking piece – Thanks! Reply ↓ Tom Stone January 27, 2017 at 7:02 pm I’m in Western Sonoma County and as a Real Estate agent I often travel the back country. There are plenty of the forgotten poor here as well and the “Good People” in town simply do not see them. And yes, I know quite a few people who style themselves as liberals who are calling for Trump’s impeachment or assassination. When I ask why they want Pence and Ryan running things I get a blank look, sometimes followed by a raised fist and a “Bring on the revolution”. They plan to lead the masses to a glorious victory over the forces of evil and bring about a golden age for all right thinking people. It scares the crap out of me when I encounter this kind of delusional self righteousness on a regular basis. Support Trump when he proposes something good, oppose him when you disagree but for the sake of all of us do not turn the USA into a wasteland due to your egotism. More died in our Civil War than in all the wars since, combined. And a Civil War in the 21st century would be bloodier. Reply ↓ Oaf January 27, 2017 at 8:02 pm Adoreables vs Deploreables; or perhaps, Progressives vs.Recessives! Reply ↓ Malcolm MacLeod, MD January 27, 2017 at 9:01 pm What a marvelous article, and one that brought tears to my old eyes remembering how good it used to be. This is no country for the now young. Reply ↓ VietnamVet January 27, 2017 at 9:41 pm This is a great comment. One who has served in a war knows that it can happen here. I thought that things would work out; the USA didn’t fall apart after Vietnam or the crazy Iraq Invasion. But, the restart of the Cold War with Russia documents that the world is spinning out of control. Economic despair and the possible world war tipped the election to Donald Trump. The Democrats blaming Russia for their loss is insane. The Republicans’ unfettered release of methane and carbon dioxide will accelerate climate change. Basically, the top 10% cannot stop looting and deny any evil on their part. The free movement of capital, people, goods and services decimates little people. Brexit and Trump’s election are portents of an inevitable revolt in the West. But, first, mankind has to survive the war between globalist and nationalist oligarchs over what they haven’t already horded. Thanks to this conflict corporate media has lost all credibility. To glimpse reality, we have to come here to read these posts. Reply ↓ Bernard January 27, 2017 at 10:21 pm Read Joe Bageant’s “Deer Hunting with Jesus”. This book explained to me, very simply the motivations of why people would vote Republican/ aka voting to commit suicide. It is so frightening to know how easily people can be led. the Divide and Conquer thing works. This website is awesome. thanks to Yves and Lambert for the “stuff” they “provide” and the people it attracts. i have learned much and see how little i understand, even as I learn more. today’s essay was incredible and wonderfully written. thanks again James F. so much more i could say, but keep the conversation going is perhaps the best thing i could hope for. Reply ↓ marym January 27, 2017 at 10:26 pm Thank you James F for your thoughtful commentary, Yves for elevating it, and all who shared their impressions of the marches they attended. I didn’t march, nor follow on Twitter in any systematic way, but remain hopeful and respectful of the hundreds of marches that were held beyond DC and other high-profile cities; and about those who attended any march who were first-timers, non-elites, and people with existing activist commitments on other issues. Oxford MS https://twitter.com/nadavis47/status/822890015395024898 Nashville TN https://twitter.com/Killingcrawdads/status/822875185086865408 Mentone Alabama. About 50 people in a town of 360, https://twitter.com/bobocek/status/822938939782823939 Longville, MN http://www.mprnews.org/story/2017/01/20/longville-possible-solo-womens-march Williamsport PA Forty-two people were riding with her, adding to the tens of thousands of people pouring into the city on 1,800 buses to join the Women’s March on Washington and protest the inauguration of Donald Trump. They have come, for the most part, from Hillary Clinton’s America: large metropolitan communities like Chicago or Atlanta, or smaller college towns like Ann Arbor, Mich., or Madison, Wisc. But there were some women, though far fewer in number, who departed the America that fueled the rise of Donald Trump, and this is the America of Williamsport. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/she%e2%80%99s-54-white-rural-and-a-lifelong-republican-why-is-she-protesting-donald-trump/ar-AAm5HuJ Alaska https://www.adn.com/slideshow/visual/2017/01/21/thousands-hit-the-streets-for-womens-march-events-in-alaska/ https://twitter.com/planet_alaska/status/823020678622289921 Zebulon GA https://twitter.com/splcenter/status/822903604260564992 Lubbock TX https://twitter.com/KHayhoe/status/822921915983687680 You know something’s up when there’s even a #WomensMarch in Lubbock TX, the 2nd most conservative city in the US. During a dust storm. Reply ↓ Edward January 27, 2017 at 11:40 pm I think the point where Obama doomed his presidency was when he selected Biden as VP. Obama wasn’t doing well against McCain and this choice was an attempt to reverse his fortunes. It indicated that Obama had decided to embrace the right wing politics of the New Democrats as opposed to pursuing a left wing reform program, Reply ↓ Winston Smith January 28, 2017 at 12:29 am Thank you, that was powerful and I couldn’t have said it better. For the record, I’m living in a comfortable suburb of Los Angeles and work in Hollywood, but I’m from a hollowed out industrial suburb of Milwaukee and have not forgotten my roots or lose my capacity to sympathize and have empathy with those who are not as fortunate or comfortable as myself. I’m very worried. Reply ↓ Scott January 28, 2017 at 1:57 am I live in that fly over fly down over, avoid, boycott state North Carolina, or what I call Not Conscious plenty. My aim is to prevent the apocalyptic riot. Nikki Haley started off her tenure at the UN as the US ambassador telling all that she would be like Santa Claus making a list. Nations better support the US or they’d be sorry. Antonio Guterres said he was dedicated to eliminating nuclear weapons. I heard Carter say that as well. How you going to do that without an army and covert force that really hurts people that don’t want to give them up? John C. Mearsheimer says without a Government of Governments to call every nation needs nukes. War by threat is impossible to keep up without them. Competition between Corporations is eliminated and Labor has not even thought about how to unite. Peace is way behind the power curve. & Peace isn’t just having what you need like food clothing & shelter. We will be ready for the apocalyptic riot just to have the peace of the dead. We are ready for the end of Western Civilization same as Rome’s far flung citizens were fine with the barbaric neighbors after Emperors taxed them into serfdom to support 121 days of holidays in the City of Rome. This is the state of the world, at least the one we live in and discuss. I can not give up, but I know no rich or poor that will really support my solutions. I agree with Lambert, collapsing in place is all I can do. Reply ↓ bob January 28, 2017 at 2:04 am It’s even more depressing when they’re in the middle of it, and somehow see themselves as above it. I saw a guy that’s the head of his local teachers union. “how’s that new sec ed looking?” “she’s horrible. If they take my pension…” “what?” He’s right is some respect, DeVos and her billionaires might take your pension, but it wouldn’t be via federal powers in DC. He knew nothing about her, or her background. Just some off the cuff “horrible” stuff. It sounded very serious, he’s probably a VSP. This is the head of the teachers union, already playing defense in a game that doesn’t matter, bypassing the one that does. It’s also not going to get you much support, or sympathy. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether January 28, 2017 at 2:24 am I grew up in Indiana, in tornado country. It is, in fact, possible to smell a tornado coming. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Lambert Strether on James F on Hatred in Our Divided Nation: Anger at Flyover CountryI think Chris Arnade is much better than... jinbaltimore on Links 1/25/17I suspect your comment is supposed to depict... Lambert Strether on James F on Hatred in Our Divided Nation: Anger at Flyover CountryOddly, or not, Emma Goldman isn't on the... Lambert Strether on James F on Hatred in Our Divided Nation: Anger at Flyover Country> Soros is just a generic term No,... Lambert Strether on James F on Hatred in Our Divided Nation: Anger at Flyover Country> Soros seeded and funded the major marches,... Topics Africa (14) Australia (125) Auto industry (90) Banana republic (2,943) Banking industry (4,604) Brexit (38) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (240) China (557) Commodities (449) Corporate governance (316) Credit cards (155) Credit markets (3,610) Curiousities (272) Currencies (902) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,430) Dubious statistics (564) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,701) Energy markets (496) Environment (436) Europe (593) Federal Reserve (1,264) Free markets and their discontents (1,347) Garrulous insolence (63) Global warming (307) Globalization (1,064) Guest Post (6,264) Health care (374) Hedge funds (414) Income disparity (903) India (9) Infrastructure (75) Investment banks (744) Investment management (483) Investment outlook (839) Japan (200) Legal (1,855) Links (2,976) Macroeconomic policy (964) Market inefficiencies (222) Media appearances (74) Media watch (847) Middle East (136) Moral hazard (339) New McCarthyism (5) New Zealand (76) Notices (281) OCC (12) Payment system (43) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,899) Private equity (499) Privatization (65) Real estate (1,514) Regulations and regulators (3,525) Ridiculously obvious scams (421) Risk and risk management (712) Russia (232) Science and the scientific method (190) Social policy (986) Social values (1,758) Species loss (52) Student loans (50) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (115) Taxes (373) Technology and innovation (424) The destruction of the middle class (1,272) The dismal science (1,439) TPP (83) UK (107) Water Cooler (599) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Trump bars Syrian refugees, halts entry of citizens from some Muslim states Republican split on Obamacare strategy evident during private meeting McConnell warns Trump to back off on killing filibuster Anti-abortion marchers celebrate a new era under Trump Trump order sets military buildup in motion How Trump's attack on Mexico could hurt border security Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print A Border Patrol vehicle sits along the U.S.-Mexico border wall on Jan. 25 in San Ysidro, Calif. | Getty How Trump's wall could beckon a global trade war Trump’s embrace of the tax proposal comes as he moves forward with plans to shake up decades of carefully negotiated agreements that bind the global economy together. By Megan Cassella 01/27/17 06:00 AM EST Updated 01/27/17 07:16 AM EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter President Donald Trump’s plans to pay for a Mexican border wall could trigger the global trade war he has long threatened. A House Republican plan he embraced Thursday as a means of paying for the barrier would slap imported goods with a 20 percent tax — a levy aimed at boosting consumption of domestic products that could backfire by angering allies and upending the entire global trading system. Story Continued Below Longtime trading partners — not just Mexico — could retaliate, making American consumers pay more for everything from food to electronics and putting U.S. companies out of business. The so-called border adjustment tax could trigger cases before the World Trade Organization, spur other countries to slap levies on American products and put some U.S. companies at a disadvantage with international competitors. Trump’s embrace of the tax proposal comes as he moves forward with plans to shake up decades of carefully negotiated agreements that bind the global economy together. On Monday, he pulled out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership — a sweeping trade deal among Pacific Rim nations — and reaffirmed his intention to reopen the North American Freee Trade Agreement. Then, on Thursday, a spat with Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto over Trump’s claim he would force Mexico to pay for the border wall escalated to the point that Peña Nieto canceled a trip to the U.S. to meet with Trump next week. “Would they retaliate immediately?” asked Dan Ikenson, director of the trade policy center at the free-market Cato Institute, referring to the response of trading partners to the border tax plan. “In the age of Trump, governments may not have the manners that they once had and may just unilaterally go after U.S. products. That’s quite possible.” By raising the cost of imported goods, the tax would push Americans away from buying products that come from outside the United States — from avocados, which are heavily sourced from Mexico, to cheap household appliances shipped in from China and sold at Wal-Mart. The resulting hit to the economies of foreign nations that depend on the massive American marketplace to gobble up their goods could prompt those governments to retaliate. And their methods could take myriad forms. They could launch trade enforcement cases at the World Trade Organization — an option that could take years and still not be successful, given the likelihood that lawmakers would try to write the tax in such a way as to fall within the global trading body’s regulations. Or foreign countries, especially larger U.S. trading partners that would bear the brunt of the lost sales, could move to retaliate against the United States outside the WTO system. That includes China, which accounted for about 22 percent of the $2.25 trillion in U.S. imports in 2015, and Canada and Mexico, which represented slightly more than 13 percent apiece. White House Trump's first wall to overcome: Congress By Burgess Everett, Josh Dawsey and Rachael Bade Mexico, as the United States’ third-largest trading partner, could disrupt the trading system by levying a reciprocal tax on imports of American goods, an idea that some mainstream Republicans are already warning against. “Any tariff we can levy they can levy,” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) posted on Twitter on Thursday evening. “Huge barrier to econ[omic] growth.” But Mexico — or other trading partners — could try to punish Trump and other supporters of the tax by targeting goods in politically sensitive areas, said Gary Hufbauer, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “The Mexican minds will be thinking about what they could do that would give President Trump the most pain in his political base,” he said, adding that that might mean “stopping imports of certain products made in Indiana or Michigan or wherever.” And they could go after areas not directly associated with legal trade. “They can do all sorts of things we don’t like,” Hufbauer said. “They can legalize marijuana. They can legalize cocaine. They can stop cooperating with the U.S. with respect to refugees from Guatemala, Honduras and so forth.” The plan, which would target imports while allowing tax-free exports, would boost the value of the dollar, giving customers more purchasing power to manage the higher costs, supporters say. But some say the costs of the tax would hit wallets immediately, well before the value of the dollar rises: The levy on imported agricultural products, for example, would mean that a $100 grocery bill for a shopping cart full of bananas, mangoes and other produce not grown within the United States would rise to $120. But Americans could mitigate the rise in costs simply by changing what they buy, Ikenson said. “If we import oranges but we produce our apples domestically, apple prices are going to go down and orange prices are going to go up.” And proponents maintain the costs would even out eventually, even with what Ikenson called a likely “adjustment period” at the start. Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, the top tax writer in the House and a supporter of the plan, told Fox News in an interview Thursday night that he was “convinced this world economy recognizes changes. Trump risks isolating critical neighbor with Mexico feud By Eli Stokols, Nahal Toosi and Louis Nelson “We will strengthen our made-in-America exports,” Brady said. “Our dollar will appreciate. Imports — you will be buying more of them at a lower price. I think it balances out in a major way.” Businesses could protect consumers from the higher prices by swallowing the costs themselves — but those that are heavily dependent on imports, particularly small businesses and retailers, say they won’t be able to handle the adjustment. “We’re sort of a poster child for victims of this,” said Rick Woldenberg, chief executive of Learning Resources, a small Illinois company that manufactures educational toys in China and sells them in 80 countries around the world. “We’re in a cutthroat business.” “I’m in favor of tax reform. Come on, this is obvious,” Woldenberg said during a discussion Thursday on the Republican plan hosted by the Washington International Trade Association. “But 97 percent of American importers are small businesses, [companies] with under 500 employees. ... Small businesses are in the center of the bulls eye in this law.” Doug Palmer contributed to this report. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Authors: Megan Cassella mcassella@politico.com This story tagged under: Mexico Donald Trump Border Listen to today's flash briefing POLITICO Playbook's must-listen rundown on what's driving the day in Washington. Hosted by Jake Sherman and Anna Palmer. Play | Read | Sign Up Now Show Comments Politico Magazine Pro-Trump TV Network Has Big-League Dreams By Alfred Miller The Disastrous Consequences of Trump’s New Immigration Rules By Daniel Benjamin Trump Backs Mexico into a Corner By John M. Ackerman Trade Is More Powerful Than Donald Trump By Zachary Karabell More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines: Websites, emails, social media, radio and text alerts. Contact Us Heritage First Headlines: Chamber logo reflects new, broader focus. Plus: Annual awards and a commentary on the ‘real news.’ $24 million plant, 200 new jobs has Bartow booming again. Report card for local schools. Chilly weekend — and maybe snow? (perfect time for a Hot Stove Gathering) Posted on January 27, 2017 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments   HEADLINES: Business: Rome Floyd Chamber (new name) celebrates year’s top small business, ambassador, community successes. Chamber Commentary: The small talk from the chamber’s annual meeting was the real news of the night. Commentary Business: Germany’s Huhoco Group building $24 million in plant in Cartersville, bringing 200 jobs. Business Report card for area school systems on ‘quality, character’ as well as financial ratings tied to per-pupil expenditures. Ratings  Safe Driving Expo returns April 9 but at a new location: Walmart in East Rome. Driving expo  Buzz: RHS registration showcase is Feb. 2. Maloney named RACA director. Snider joins Center for Healthy Churches. Plus more. Buzz Ware Mechanical Weather Center: ‘Normal’ temperatures of highs around 50, lows near freezing return; snow still possible late Sunday. Weather Paddle Georgia 2017 to float the Etowah River with stops including Cartersville before ending in Rome. Dates: June 17-23. Paddle Georgia Health News: State lawmakers to tackle ‘surprise’ medical billing to patients. Health Remembering Rev. Bobby Green, Eugene L. McCauley Jr. Obituaries  Public Health restaurant inspection scores. ‘U’ for Rome restaurant just weeks after perfect score.  Dining Area arrest reports brought to you by Dr. Miniyar’s Pediatrics. Crimewatch Also today: Traffic: Georgia DOT, Google Maps or Waze. State business headlines: Georgia Trend Northwest Georgia jobs: Career Builder SPORTS: Chick-fil-A Dwarf House Sports Report  Rome Braves Hot Stove Gathering, concert set for Saturday. Braves adding huge HD screen to the ballpark for this season. High school basketball updates. Local college basketball updates. Falcons, Super Bowl links. RADIO: Hometown Headlines Radio Edition, 7-9 a.m., WRGA 98.7 FM A special edition today as we’re joined by three panelists in the 7:40 and 8:10 a.m. segments discussing what’s next for downtown Rome. They are Jay Shell, DDA member and Rome City Brewing/Brewhouse owner; Ryan Earnest, president of Broad Street-based Heritage First Bank; and Patrick Eidson, assistant city manager. Please take a minute to do our quick downtown survey on Twitter @hometown. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Bartow, Gordon, hometown, Polk ← Business: Rome Floyd Chamber (new name) celebrates year’s top small business, ambassador, community successes. 2016 Annual Report: Tourism generates over $143 million for Rome-Floyd economy → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Currently 32° Clear Tomorrow is forecast to be Warmer than today. Friday 01/27 10% High 46° / Low 30° Clear Clear. Lows overnight in the low 30s. Saturday 01/28 10% High 53° / Low 33° Clear Sunny. High 53F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph. Sunday 01/29 20% High 50° / Low 32° Mostly Cloudy Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High near 50F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph. Copyright © 2017 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
Feels like: Humidity: Wind speed: Tomorrow News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education In-Depth Waste Watchers Local organization reacts to President Trump's refugee executive order Albany woman hands baby to stranger, flees Crossgates Mall Cat reunited with owner after 200+ mile trip in car engine compartment Glens Falls Hospital to put $1 million donation towards 'Snuggery' birthing unit Some could be leaving thousands on the table at tax time More News Stories Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Snow Emergencies Interactive Radar Apps Hour By Hour Forecast Extended Forecast Watches, Warnings & Advisories WNYT.com Mobile Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Basketball All-Stars High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Basketball Weekly Source: Albany Devils relocating to Binghamton UAlbany Wins Third Straight America East Game, 81-63 Over Maine Hi-5 Sports Teams Up with Siena Women's Basketball High School Basketball - 1/20 Union wins OT thriller in 5th annual Mayor's Cup More Sports Stories Lifestyle STEM13 Top Teacher 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Forum 13 Melinda's Garden Ballston Spa woman offers to plan Disney trip for you Bras providing 'lift' in self-esteem for women in need Easy exercises to keep your fitness goals in shape Keeping Your Fitness Resolutions Baked Ziti More Lifestyle Stories Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Half Off Ski Deals Half Off Ski Deals Save a Life Blood Drive Events Calendar Contests More Things to Do Stories WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show UAlbany Basketball Weekly FCC EEO Public File Report NewsChannel 13 Live at 10 on My4 Albany UAlbany Basketball Weekly Martin Harding & Mazzotti Capital Region Pet Show, Saturdays & Sundays at 11am Who Wants To Be A Millionaire Weeknights at 7 The King of Queens Weeknights at 6 & 6:30 More WNYA My4 Stories Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Harry Weekdays at 4 Me-TV Antenna TV NBC MyNetworkTV More Programming Stories Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team Apps About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information MENU MENU News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education In-Depth Waste Watchers Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Snow Emergencies Interactive Radar Apps Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Basketball All-Stars High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Basketball Weekly Lifestyle STEM13 Top Teacher 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Forum 13 Melinda's Garden Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Half Off Ski Deals WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show UAlbany Basketball Weekly FCC EEO Public File Report Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team Apps About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information QUICK LINKS: Closings & Delays | Snow Emergencies | STEM13 | Top Teacher | 13 Kids Who Care | Half Off Ski Deals | Live Video | WNYT Apps × (1 of 2) Lake Effect Snow Advisory - New York: Northern Fulton and 1 other county × (2 of 2) Lake Effect Snow Warning - New York: Hamilton and 1 other county Advertisement Questions swirl after Trump admin says tax will pay for wall Sean Spicer | Photo: AP. January 27, 2017 08:32 AM WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Advertisement – Content Continues Below Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP Credits By JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK Updated: January 27, 2017 08:32 AM (Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Advertisement Top Stories Local organization reacts to President Trump's refugee executive order Albany woman hands baby to stranger, flees Crossgates Mall Cat reunited with owner after 200+ mile trip in car engine compartment Glens Falls Hospital to put $1 million donation towards 'Snuggery' birthing unit Some could be leaving thousands on the table at tax time Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Hundreds of Capital Region residents board busses for D.C march Trump pledges 'lasting support' to US relations with Britain Advertisement Most Read Stories Glens Falls Hospital to put $1 million donation towards 'Snuggery' birthing unit Canajoharie police: sex offender gave elementary students 'I love you' notes Rare facial tumor removed from Brazilian toddler Albany woman hands baby to stranger, flees Crossgates Mall Cat reunited with owner after 200+ mile trip in car engine compartment Advertisement Advertisement NEWS WEATHER SPORTS INTERACTIVE YOUR MONEY LIFESTYLE EVENTS WNYA My4 PROGRAMMING LINKS CONTACT US WNYT Public File | WNYA Public File | FCC Reports The station representative that can assist any person with disabilities with issues related to the content of the public file is Laura Sousa. She can be contacted at lsousa@wnyt.com or 518-207-4703. About Us | Contact Us | News Team | © Copyright A Hubbard Broadcasting Company lead generation
Follow @triplepundit 46.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop Emissions Cuts Helped Business Leaders Save $12.4 Billion Last Year by Leon Kaye on Friday, Jan 27th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) A smoggy day in Beijing, China. As the supply chains of multinational companies become more complex, so does the potential for increased carbon emissions as more products incorporate more parts and materials from across the globe. And as companies become more desperate to shave costs, more goods are produced in countries where environmental regulations tend to be weaker than in wealthier nations. Nevertheless, evidence suggests that a more sustainable and efficient supply chain can mitigate a company’s impact on the environment, while scoring the buy-in of the chief financial officer. As CDP noted in a recent report, the efforts of its 89 supply chain members reduced carbon emissions by at least 434 million tons last year. But this metric will really attract the CFO’s attention: In 2016 alone, emissions cuts netted a combined $12.4 billion in cost savings for those firms, which include the likes of Unilever, Microsoft, Ford and Walmart. Only half of the companies surveyed for this report revealed cost savings – but those that did claimed huge gains. And while it may at first appear cliché, a large part of these savings come from engagement, engagement, engagement. For example, the global semiconductor giant Intel took a carrot-and-stick approach to gaining disclosures from its suppliers. First, CDP reporting expectations were integrated into the company’s supplier scorecards. Next, participation in Intel’s surveys was required for vendors to be eligible for the company’s supplier awards. Finally, Intel provided its suppliers with training and regular communications updates so these smaller firms would know what to do and how to go about making the necessary changes. Not that such a feat is easy. The automaker BMW Group, for example, has at least 13,000 suppliers spread across 70 nations. So BMW began by incorporating CDP disclosures into annual supplier performance reviews for its 100 largest vendors. The company first set annual internal targets, then key performance indicators (KPIs) that include transparency goals as well as carbon emissions targets. Sixty-nine percent of the company’s annual spend is now accounted for by CDP-related disclosures. According to CDP, 83 percent of its supply chain members’ cost savings can be attributed to four general types of programs. Over a third of these companies’ total cost savings comes from better product design. Waste diversion and recovery accounts for 28 percent of these total savings. Efficient transportation and energy efficiency processes round out the largest money savers for these companies. The diverse industries represented in this report shows that for any company with a large global presence, designing better products and using resources more efficiently can only add to the bottom line. And at a time when many governments indicate they may back off from pledges made at the COP21 climate talks in Paris, the private sector can show that it can step up and lead the way toward a low-carbon economy. More improvement on this front is needed, however. As Patricia Espinosa, executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), wrote in the report’s forward: “Only 22 percent of supplier organizations that responded to the 2016 CDP Supply Chain information request actively engage with their suppliers. It is not enough.” Image credit: Kentaro Iemoto/Flickr Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6321 articles in this category: Emissions Cuts Helped Business Leaders Save $12.4 Billion Last Year NGOs Urge Palm Oil Industry to Standardize and Improve Disclosures The Corporate Shift to Cage-Free Eggs Continues Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Trump bars Syrian refugees, halts entry of citizens from some Muslim states Republican split on Obamacare strategy evident during private meeting McConnell warns Trump to back off on killing filibuster Anti-abortion marchers celebrate a new era under Trump Trump order sets military buildup in motion How Trump's attack on Mexico could hurt border security Finance & Tax Trump's regulation freeze makes losers out of some U.S. businesses The reaction from some corners of the business landscape underscores how complicated the issue is. By Lorraine Woellert 01/27/17 05:10 AM EST The Trump administration’s first week has shaken foundations that companies have been building on for decades. | Getty Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print President Donald Trump’s quick suspension of new federal regulations has triggered some unintended consequences: sudden pain and deeper uncertainty for a broad array of U.S. businesses. Oil and gas companies, ethanol producers, real estate agents and small farmers are among those that could be hurt by the regulatory freeze. Some are lobbying to preserve regulations that Trump put on hold. Story Continued Below “I want him and whoever’s in his Cabinet to look at what the rules are saying,” said Eric Hedrick, a West Virginia chicken farmer trying to save an Obama-era rule. “Don’t just say that it’s another regulation. Look at what it says. Look at what the rule will do for farmers and ranchers across the country.” The sweeping executive order, signed hours after the president’s inauguration, was intended to help American businesses by halting rules developed in the waning days of the Obama administration. Trump later vowed to cut regulations by 75 percent. While many businesses are cheering Trump’s sprint to deregulate, the reaction from some corners of the business landscape underscores how complicated the issue is. For every government regulation, there are winners as well as losers. White House Trump lurches through chaotic day By Eli Stokols Trump’s moves have also created uncertainty, the one thing corporate executives curse even more than government interference. The administration’s first week has shaken foundations that companies have been building on for decades. FedEx Corp., John Deere and Hollywood were among the big losers when Trump torpedoed TPP this week. Target, Wal-Mart and other big retailers that depend on imports are struggling to decipher the president’s statements on a border tax, which could force them to raise prices they charge to customers. “Disruption has come to Washington in a big, big way, in a way we’ve never seen before,” said Matthew Shay, president of the National Retail Federation. In a speech to NRF members last week, Shay called the border tax “potentially disastrous.” The National Association of Realtors, whose 1.2 million members lean Republican, was the first group to feel the pain of Trump’s regulatory freeze. Just hours after being sworn in as president, even before issuing his broad executive order on regulation, Trump rolled back an Obama plan to lower costs for some homebuyers. The $831 billion mortgage insurance industry rejoiced. But real estate agents hold out hope that the reversal at the Federal Housing Administration is temporary. They are making their case to the public and to Trump. “We believe that the benefits of the mortgage insurance premium cut will shine through during this review period, so it can be quickly put back into place,” NAR President William Brown said. A renewable-fuel market indicator had its biggest one-day drop in more than six weeks after the Environmental Protection Agency said it would delay standards for adding biofuels to the U.S. gasoline supply. Houston-based Westlake Chemical Partners notified shareholders that the president had suspended a tax rule favorable to the business. Other companies might get tax relief — a plan to raise estate taxes on certain businesses was suspended, too. White House Trump's first wall to overcome: Congress By Burgess Everett, Josh Dawsey and Rachael Bade “It can be exhilarating for certain businesses who can see the prospect of drastically reduced burdens. But it’s also unsettling,” said Philip Wallach, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. “Trump is Mr. Wild Card.” Some financial firms are also in the line of fire. The Labor Department's so-called fiduciary rule, which would require brokers to act in their clients’ best interest when offering retirement investing advice, may also be in jeopardy. While many insurers, mutual funds and brokerage firms have fiercely resisted the rule, which will limit their sales practices, some businesses want it to stay in place. Many firms already have spent money to offer the passive, low-cost retirement savings products that the rule encouraged and that customers are increasingly demanding. The rule "has some very great components to it,” said BlackRock Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink during a Jan. 13 earnings call. Other financial companies are eagerly awaiting the repeal of key parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, a far-reaching financial industry overhaul Trump has vowed to dismantle. But some businesses have benefited from the law, including Intercontinental Exchange Inc. The Atlanta-based company operates exchanges — including the New York Stock Exchange — and clearinghouses for derivatives, which were boosted by Dodd-Frank’s requirement that more derivatives be cleared through them. White House Trump’s flashy executive actions could run aground By Isaac Arnsdorf, Josh Dawsey and Seung Min Kim In West Virginia, Hedrick, a Trump supporter, was put in limbo by the president’s memorandum on rules, which blocked a regulation born of an eight-year fight between small farmers and big processors like Pilgrim’s Pride and Tyson Foods. The farmers won and the Department of Agriculture updated a Grain Inspection, Packers & Stockyards Administration regulation, the GIPSA rule, making it easier for small farmers to sue the big poultry processors they partner with. Regulations, Hedrick said, aren’t always bad for business. “He said he was going to help fight for the little guy, that these big corporations and stuff were just running rampant,” Hedrick said of Trump. “It’s not a Republican thing, it’s not a Democratic thing. It’s a right and wrong thing.” The Trump administration blocked the GIPSA rule this week along with hundreds of others. Now the chicken, pork and beef industries are fighting to kill it outright. “We’d be happy to see this go away permanently,” said Tom Super, vice president of communications for the National Chicken Council. “This midnight regulation was really a gift to the trial lawyers on the way out the door.” Tony Romm and Patrick Temple-West contributed to this report. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Authors: Lorraine Woellert lwoellert@politico.com This story tagged under: Target FedEx Donald Trump National Retail Federation National Association Of Realtors Finance & Tax Executive Order Tax President Donald Trump Donald Trump Presidency Listen to today's flash briefing POLITICO Playbook's must-listen rundown on what's driving the day in Washington. Hosted by Jake Sherman and Anna Palmer. Play | Read | Sign Up Now Show Comments Politico Magazine Pro-Trump TV Network Has Big-League Dreams By Alfred Miller The Disastrous Consequences of Trump’s New Immigration Rules By Daniel Benjamin Trump Backs Mexico into a Corner By John M. Ackerman Trade Is More Powerful Than Donald Trump By Zachary Karabell More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News How Donald Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work How Donald Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work Print Share this story How Donald Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work Updated 27 January 2017, 21:15 AEDT Will Mexico be footing the bill for Donald Trump's border wall or American consumers? President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Friday (AEDT), his administration finally suggested how: a 20 per cent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Mr Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was one possible way Mr Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Here are some of the details Mr Trump's proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff or something else? It is unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 per cent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the US than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for US companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment". Under this plan, the US would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $US1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering US corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Mr Trump, however, recently said he did not like the "border adjustment" idea. What does this mean for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $US1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, chief executive of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. US exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The US could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money would not necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican Government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Mr Trump has said he is OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Photo: Mr Trump has already signed an executive order for immigration actions to build the border wall. (AP: Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Would it raise enough money to pay for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $US15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it illegal? To be determined. The US has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and at the World Trade Organisation (WTO). And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalises its economy. Mr Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment was essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targeted Mexico. How would this affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase US wages, help US businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits". With so much of the plan ill-defined, it is impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the US-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $US271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $US60 billion. Photo: A view of a section of the wall separating Mexico and the United States, in Tijuana. (Reuters: Edgard Garrido) Do Republicans like Trump's plan? Not all of them. Republican Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall". Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea". Even Mr Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Mr Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $US25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the US send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the US between $US5 billion and $US10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the US would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Mr Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or cancelling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. AP Topics: Immigration International Aid and Trade Mexico Trade United States World Politics Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories Donald Trump authorises extreme vetting of immigrants, new defence spending Donald Trump and Theresa May meet at White House, NATO and Russian sanctions on agenda Sir John Hurt: Veteran actor and Elephant Man star, dies aged 77 Emmett Till: Woman who triggered 1955 murder of African American boy admits lying about harassment In India, low-caste Dalits put dignity before livelihood, by leaving cows where they die Donald Trump and Enrique Pena Nieto agree not to talk publicly about wall payment Europe migrant crisis: German population hits record high due to asylum seekers More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2016 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  Questions swirl after Trump admin says tax will pay for wall Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press January 27, 2017 - 7:36am WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 per cent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 per cent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when travelling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or cancelling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP Josh Lederman And Josh Boak, The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Jan 27 Road Work For Friday Jan 26 Road Work For Thursday Jan 25 Road Work For Wednesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:24pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Questions swirl after Trump admin says tax will pay for wall 2:00 AM Saturday Jan 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print International Politics World WASHINGTON (AP) " President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Continued below. Related Content Your views: Readers' letters Rodney Hide: Waitangi Day a shemozzle Small businesses upbeat about year ahead Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Mount lead Eastern Region champs Mt Maunganui have pulled out to an early lead during the first day of competition at… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 28 Jan 2017 22:24:31 Processing Time: 755ms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Questions swirl after Trump admin says tax will pay for wall By Associated Press Published: 07:57 EST, 27 January 2017 | Updated: 07:57 EST, 27 January 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to reporters on Air Force One en route to Andrews Air Force Base, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, from Philadelphia. Spicer says that taxing imports from Mexico would generate $10 billions a year and "easily pay for the wall." (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read White House weighs 20% import tax to fund US-Mexico border wall The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts Russia’s parliament votes to decriminalise domestic violence Trump to call Putin as he considers lifting Russia sanctions  Theresa May urges UK and US to resist ‘eclipse of the west’ US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read What the world hears from Donald Trump White House weighs 20% import tax to fund US-Mexico border wall The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal Trump to call Putin as he considers lifting Russia sanctions  Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal Tesco swoops on food supplier Booker in £3.7bn deal City Insider: UBS’s new office design woes Corporate America employs new tactics to avoid Trump ire Top Swedish executive probed for suspected elk hunting bribery Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read What Lehman Brothers staff did next Chinese shoppers begin to buy luxury brands again — at home UK shrugs off Brexit fears to be fastest growing G7 economy in 2016 Trump adviser Icahn faces conflict of interest scrutiny over biofuels The dangers of writing coal’s obituary Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read What the world hears from Donald Trump Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal City Insider: UBS’s new office design woes A gentleman’s dress code guide for the office Theresa May will not find it easy to broker a US-UK trade deal Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Blockchain believers hold fast to a utopian vision MBA project at Cern develops device to bring electricity to refugees Virtual reality takes you into the movies Enforcing the ‘sexy secretary’ look at work humiliates women FT 2016 European Business School Ranking: UK top but rivals close in Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Murdoch & Sons: Lachlan, James and Rupert’s $62bn empire Daniel Hannan, the brains behind Brexit: what’s next for Britain? London without social climbers? One big Fulham The first days in office of Donald Trump and Sean Spicer My daughter, the footballer: sexism and the beautiful game Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close World Add to myFT The end of liberal interventionism, Brexit’s shrinking labour pool and tolerance on trial in Indonesia UK prime minister Theresa May warns President Trump to ‘beware’ of Russia’s Vladimir Putin FirstFT Read next EM Squared Corruption on the rise in Gulf countries Premium Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Whatsapp Print this page Save January 27, 2017 by: Mercedes Ruehl, Neil Munshi and Siona Jenkins Sign up to receive FirstFT by email here Test your knowledge with the week in news quiz. The age of US-UK liberal interventionism is over. That was the message Theresa May gave Republican politicians ahead of her meeting with Donald Trump on Friday. She also warned that Mr Trump should “beware” of Russia’s Vladimir Putin. Mrs May will be the first head of state to meet the new US president with whom she disagrees on many fundamental issues, and she faces a delicate balancing act in trying to foster a close relationship with him while trying to convince him of the need to sustain western values. Europe looms large over the talks and the two leaders are expected to take a symbolic step towards a US-UK trade deal. But in prioritising a pact with the UK, the new US president is putting much larger trade talks with the EU launched in 2013 on ice, while Mrs May is seeking leverage for her own negotiations with the EU. Given Mr Trump’s unpredictability the meeting is his first diplomatic test. European and other world leaders will be watching nervously. (FT, WaPo, Politico) In the news Taxing Mexico The White House threatened to impose a 20 per cent tax on all imports from Mexico — and other countries with which the US runs a trade deficit — to finance Donald Trump’s proposed border wall. The news comes after Mexico’s President Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled a summit with Donald Trump. Critics say the tax is more likely to cost American consumers than Mexicans. (NYT, Politico) Brexit’s shrinking labour pool Hospitality, agriculture, construction and manufacturing will have to compete with each other for a smaller pool of low-skilled migrants after Brexit when tighter border controls are imposed, according to a new report. (FT) New supermarket giant The Uk’s biggest supermarket has just got even bigger. Tesco has announced a deal to buy wholesale supplier Booker Group for £3.7bn. Tesco already controls a 28 per cent market share and the acquisition could raise questions about competition. (FT) Madcap military US and South Korean marines have been carrying out unusual military exercises on the ski slopes of South Korea. A US marine spokesman says the shirtless hand-to-hand combat in sub-zero temperatures is part of preparation for possible threats from North Korea in the 2018 Winter Olympics. Pyongyang is not amused and has threatened to retaliate over what it says are “madcap midwinter” drills. (Reuters) Toshiba breaks off chip business The Japanese company said it would split off its operation that makes memory chips for smartphones and computers, and will sell a stake in the new business. It needs to raise funds after revealing a heavy one-off loss at its US nuclear power business. (BBC, NAR) Test your knowledge with the FirstFT news quiz. Which leftwing politician won the French Socialist primary? It’s a big day for US growth The latest snapshot of US GDP remains the big-ticket item on investors’ agenda. The data are expected to show that economic growth slowed in the last three months of the year. (FT) China The world’s biggest migration gets under way as millions of people head home to celebrate the lunar new year. (NYT) Food for thought What the world hears from Donald Trump “The lights have been burning late as policymakers around the world deliberate on how to handle a president with so slight a grip on history or strategic realities,” writes the FT’s Philip Stephens. “From France to China, what unites these various friends and foes is a view that the US president will prove a force for dangerous instability. Yes, the crowds on the Washington Mall may have been on the small side but yes, Mr Trump, the world was listening.” (FT) Indonesia: A nation’s tolerance on trial Religious and ethnic tensions are on the rise as Jakarta’s governor fights blasphemy charges during his bid for re-election. (FT) The end of the world is 30 seconds closer The fateful minute-hand on the Doomsday Clock moved a little nearer to midnight in its symbolic measure of the apocalypse. The reason? The White House’s new occupant. (Bloomberg) Tragedy of a revolution undone Six years after Egyptians overthrew Hosni Mubarak the revolution has come full circle: the army has reasserted its control and a new authoritarianism is strangling civil liberties. (Jazeera) Sexism and the beautiful game The FT’s Siona Jenkins on how after almost a century of being forgotten, women’s football is rising in the country where the game was invented — but misogyny on the pitch persists. It comes as a new study in the UK shows that by the age of six, girls see themselves as less talented than boys. (FT, BBC) Video of the day What to expect from the Trump-May talks Philip Stephens, the FT’s chief political commentator, talks to Vanessa Kortekaas about UK prime minister Theresa May’s quest for a deal with the US. (FT) Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Whatsapp Print this page Save Latest in World EM Squared Corruption on the rise in Gulf countries Premium Saturday, 28 January, 2017 The Big Read Trump’s whirlwind week in the White House Saturday, 28 January, 2017 FT Data Four charts on the US refugee programme Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Theresa May goes to Washington and Labour's by-election challenges Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Zuckerberg challenges Trump over ‘extreme vetting’ Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Read latest EM Squared Corruption on the rise in Gulf countries Premium Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Latest in World Add to myFT Latest from FirstFT Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article FirstFT Add to myFT Global Economy Add to myFT Companies Add to myFT Markets Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Neil Munshi Add to myFT Mercedes Ruehl Add to myFT Siona Jenkins Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Orange County Sheriff hopes reaching youth will reduce crime Shana MedelOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings wants to prevent the youth in Pine Hills from getting involved in crime before it’s too late. Prevention was one of four parts of a plan he unveiled Tuesday to the Orange County Board of Commissioners in an effort to reduce crime in the Pine Hills area of the county that has been struggling with a recent increase in violent crime.  Despite the area’s reputation, it is “really a wonderful place to live,” Demings said. He and his deputies also plan to use intervention, enforcement and prosecution to tackle the tough issues in the region. According to sheriff’s office data, homicides in Pine Hills increased by 67 percent between 2012 and 2016, with 35 percent of victims under the age of 25. Sixty-seven percent of homicide suspects were under the age of 25. Between Jan. 1 and Dec. 31, the Orange County Sheriff’s Office reported 842 calls related to gunfire  — 301 of which were made in the last three months of 2016.  Demings said the homicide rate has "little to do with law enforcement” and more to do with “individual choice.” OCSO defines Pine Hills as a 12.7-square-mile area bordered by Clarcona Ocoee Road to the north, West Colonial Drive to the south, North Apopka Vineland Road to the west and North Pine Hills Road to the east.  The recent slaying of Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton took place at a Wal-Mart at the corner of Princeton Street and North John Young Parkway to the east of the area. Defendant Markeith Loyd is accused in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon, who was killed in a neighborhood just to the north. Demings said that violence does not stop at the border of one neighborhood.  When asked by District 5 County Commissioner Emily Bonilla if the presidential election played a role in the area’s crime rate, Demings replied that those who have committed violent acts are “paying attention to the gangsters in their neighborhood,” not the political climate. “I think that it's more related to these young people having guns and being desensitized to what violence really is,” he said. “We have to delve into that area … These young people who are killing, there’s something else that’s drastically gone wrong with them.” Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs said being a parent is the single most important responsibility that a person can take on. Children learn the value of life and sensitivity to others from their parents, she added. “The role of parenting is crucial,” said Jacobs in regard to raising children with morals and values. “...It starts with those first caregivers.”  Demings highlighted the importance of redirecting the activities of young offenders by focusing on programs that have proven to be successful. Even more important is the effort to deter youth from committing crimes in the first place. In his presentation, Demings said being involved in illegal activities, such as prostitution, drugs and robberies, increases a person’s chances of becoming a victim of a violent crime.  “What we see is you have a greater probability of becoming a homicide victim if you are involved in high-risk behavior,” he said. “…When we look at our victims and as we delve into some of their backgrounds, some of them have arrest histories. Some of them have violent arrest histories.” On Dec. 16, Demings and the Orlando Police Department partnered together to implement a program called “Operation RISE,” or Restoration, Inclusiveness, Safety and Empowerment. Within a month, officers arrested 187 people. Earlier in the meeting, the commissioners also approved a $125,337 grant for the Sheriff’s Office to spearhead two projects: the purchase of M-4 carbine rifles for first responders and tactical rifles for motor deputies. The projects are set to begin on Oct. 1.  smedel@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5257 Pine Hills crime reduction operation update shows 187 arrests » Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Police seek Baldwin Park armed robbery suspects Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Caption What happened to the $125K reward for Markeith Loyd's capture? A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. Caption Federal agents raid Los Angeles charter school network A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Local law enforcement participates in identity theft training Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Homicide Pine Hills Orange County Sheriff's Office Orange County Teresa Jacobs All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 52°
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Stadiums Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Stadiums Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects Stadiums FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Stadium Journey Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. Sniper's Hide The #1 source of information for the world of long-range shooting and precision marksmanship. Deadliest Blogger Military history from ancient battles to modern warfare. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. Fishulo Where to go and what to use to catch more fish in Canada. YakFishTV Showing the world what kayak fishing is all about. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. The Buck Advisors Expert advice for whitetail deer hunters. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Stadium Journey The authority for stadium reviews, rankings, and ratings. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums Forums List The Swamp Recruiting Insiders Gator Dugout Marsh Madness Football Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats Stadium FB Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings State Rankings Eligibility Basketball Stories Roster Schedule Team Stats Arena BK Recruiting Prospects Visits Commits Team Rankings Eligibility News All Football FB Recruiting Basketball BK Recruiting Upcoming Events Shop Tickets Gift Join Kan Li/Scout Franz Beard's Thoughts of the Day; Jan. 27 Franz Beard Thursday at 11:21 PM A few thoughts to jump start your Friday morning... The sky is not falling. Not yet anyway. While football recruiting has taken a couple of serious hits in the last 48 hours, it is possible – not probable but possible – Jim McElwain and his staff can pull some rabbits out of hats and still close fairly strong. This is the final on campus recruiting weekend before National Signing Day on Wednesday and the Gators aren’t completely out of it with a number of outstanding prospects. Will Mac close the deal and finish with a flurry? Stranger things have happened, but the  opportunity is there. Yogi Berra once said, “It’s not over ‘til it’s over” and we have to hope that it’s true with this football class. A lot of fingers are being pointed at McElwain and staff as the chief culprits for the less than stellar – up to this point at least – recruiting effort. Too many coaches, it’s said, have no recruiting roots in Florida and the Southeast. The talk around the state is that neither Mac nor his staff have built strong relationships with the state’s high school football coaches and that’s troubling if true. I don’t think these guys are lazy, but I think other than Randy Shannon, Chris Rumph and Torian Gray, there isn’t another strong recruiter who gets it when it comes to what you have to do to get the job done in the state of Florida. A lack of outstanding recruiters hurts, but the two biggest reasons the Gators are more miss than hit is an incomplete coaching staff and facilities. You can’t expect top offensive linemen, for example, to commit when there was so much uncertainty about the previous O-line coach (Mike Summers, now at Louisville) and the lack of urgency to bring in a replacement. The well publicized whiffs on Mike Locksley and Mario Cristobal were bigger blows to the recruiting effort than anyone could have expected. As for facilities, even with the sudden infusion of cash, UF is trying to catch up with the rest of the SEC. Meanwhile the rest of the SEC isn’t standing still. When UF gets upgraded its position as a bottom tier in the SEC when it comes to facilities will still be true. Next season McElwain will be playing for the first time with a majority of the roster filled by players he recruited. He’s lost what can only be described as an NFL defense that was left behind by Will Muschamp and while nearly all of his offensive two-deep returns in 2017 these guys have yet to crack the top 100 nationally in total offense in two seasons. On the surface, the situation looks grim but the sky is not falling. Not yet, anyway. Wait until September and October before we make that determination. SEC ARMS RACE: BASEBALL STADIUMS/TOTAL FACILITIES RATINGS ALABAMA: Football has fueled a serious frenzy of facilities upgrades and renovations. The football stadium is the obvious recipient, but Coleman Coliseum was renovated and practice facilities added for basketball and Alabama demolished old Sewell Field to open up brand new Sewell-Thomas Stadium in 2016. As softball has become prominent on the national level, Rhoads Softball Stadium has been expanded and renovated to capacity of nearly 4,000. Swimming, track and tennis have all gotten facelifts and upgrades. The soccer facility isn’t very good but the strength and conditioning facility is first rate. http://www.rolltide.com/sports/2016/6/10/facilities-sewell-thomas-html.aspx ARKANSAS: Arkansas has committed $300 million to constantly upgrading its facilities, which already rank top three nationally and might indeed be the best in all of college sports. It seems there is a fight among billionaire donors to outdo their fellow mega rich boosters by donating so much money they get their names on buildings. Beyond football (Reynolds Aluminum family) and basketball (Waltons of Walmart), the Tysons (chicken) have made sure the Hogs have the best track facilities on the planet, which is why they regularly host the NCAA indoor and outdoor championships. The baseball stadium ranks top two or three nationally. The old Barnhill Arena was converted into a palace for volleyball and gymnastics. Jerry Jones (Dallas Cowboys) spent the money for an academic/dining facility. http://www.arkansasrazorbacks.com/baum-stadium/ AUBURN: Auburn has made a substantial commitment to facilities. The basketball arena is home also to volleyball and gymnastics. Swimming has one of the best facilities in the country and the softball stadium is getting a needed renovation and expansion. The tennis facilities are first rate. The McWhorter Center for Women’s Athletics houses softball and gymnastics training and offices. The Wellness Kitchen is open 24 hours and staffed with a chef to cook made to order. Dorms are exceptional and the Academics Center is first rate. The baseball stadium needs a serious redo. http://www.auburntigers.com/facilities/aub-facilities-basebl.html FLORIDA: Since December of 2015, Florida has been on a spending spree to play catchup in the facilities race. An indoor football facility, the Hawkins academic center and the renovated O-Dome accounted for about $100 million of a $207 million infusion that will also see much needed improvements to the baseball and softball stadiums. That Tim Walton won two straight national championships and Kevin O’Sullivan has UF baseball consistently in the top five is somewhat of a miracle all things considered with facilities. About the only facility that needs no improvement is the lacrosse stadium, built completely with privately donated money. Florida gymnastics got a beautiful upgrade to their training facility. Swimming still lags way behind and is only saved by the outstanding job Greg Troy does. You have to wonder how Mike Holloway keeps winning all those national championships considering he no longer has anything for indoor (the O-Dome was a lousy excuse but at least it did give an indoor facility) and the Percy Beard Track. Don’t even get me going on the bad condition of the golf facilities. Tennis facilities are good but not great.   http://floridagators.com/facilities/?id=3 GEORGIA: As late as Florida got into the arms race, Georgia got in a little bit later if that’s possible. Georgia is the last SEC team to get an indoor facility for football. Training facilities for gymnastics are the best in the country and the baseball team plays in a brand new stadium. Nobody in the country has better tennis and golf facilities. Track and swimming have excellent facilities. The soccer facilities are being completely renovated. http://www.georgiadogs.com/facilities/facilities16-foley.html KENTUCKY: While football has gotten $155 million for stadium renovation and a football only facility and Rupp Arena is constantly getting money for something or another, Kentucky has spent money on its other facilities. Old Memorial Coliseum saw capacity reduced by a third from 11,500 and now it’s one of the best women’s basketball/volleyball/gymnastics venues in the country.   At some point someone needs to do something about Cliff Hagan Stadium, easily the worst baseball park in the SEC. Softball facilities are only slightly better. Indoor track shares the Nutter Field House with football.   http://www.ukathletics.com/page/facilities-hagan-stadium LSU: There is always money for football but LSU doesn’t neglect its minor sports. Alex Box Stadium is the best college baseball park in the country and there is talk of expanding capacity to more than 15,000 since sellouts of more than 11,000 are the norm. Tiger Park gives softball one of the best facilities in the country. The Bernie Moore Track Stadium and Carl Maddox Field House give LSU top five national outdoor and indoor track facilities. The Cox Communications Academic Center is extraordinary. The soccer stadium has been renovated and it’s one of the best in the SEC. Golf and tennis have great facilities. The natatorium is dreary and needs upgrading. http://www.lsusports.net/ViewArticle.dbml?DB_OEM_ID=5200&ATCLID=177194 MISSISSIPPI STATE: Before he left Mississippi State to take over as Florida’s AD, Scott Stricklin unveiled plans to turn 15,000-seat Dudy Noble Field into a 17,000-seat stadium that ranks with the better AAA stadiums in the country. The soccer stadium is outstanding and the Mike Sanders Track Complex and A.J. Pitts Tennis Centre are first rate. The old McCarthy basketball facility was converted into an indoor tennis center. Golf uses the Old Waverly Club and softball plays in a fairly average facility. http://www.hailstate.com/sports/2007/6/16/925407.aspx MISSOURI: The athletic park is one of the best designed complexes to house an entire athletic program in the country. The Hearnes Center, which used to be the home of the basketball team, now houses volleyball, wrestling and indoor track and field. The Mizzou Aquatic Center is exceptional. The baseball and softball stadiums both need upgrades. Soccer and outdoor track share the same stadium. http://www.mutigers.com/facilities/?id=3 OLE MISS: As part of the $200 million Forward Together campaign for facilities which included bowling the football stadium and adding a new basketball arena, the track and field complex got a complete overhaul and tennis facilities were expanded. Swayze Field (baseball) got a $13 million facelift. The Manning Center, already one of the best facilities in the country, has gotten constant tweaks. The golf and soccer facilities are extraordinary. http://www.olemisssports.com/facilities/ole-facilities-swayze-field.html SOUTH CAROLINA: Football is the cash cow for the program but substantial upgrades have been made in all sports. South Carolina has one of the five best college baseball stadiums in the country. The Volleyball Center has been expanded and renovated while soccer and softball have gotten cash infusions to improve their facilities. The Dodie Anderson Academic Enrichment Center is a state of the art facility that also has dining and nutrition facilities for all athletics. Tennis got a brand new complex in 2012. Track and swimming are due for upgrades. http://www.gamecocksonline.com/facilities/carolina-stadium.html TENNESSEE: While most of Tennessee’s massive athletic department debt has everything to do with football spending and the cost of renovating Thompson-Boling Arena, the other facilities haven’t been neglected. The Jones Aquatic Center, Goodfriend Tennis Center, Tom Black Track and Cronan Volleyball Center are outstanding. Regal Soccer Stadium is one of the top three in the SEC. The Thornton Athletics Student Life Center houses the academic facilities. http://www.utsports.com/facilities/lindsey-nelson/ TEXAS A&M: The $450 million spent to demolish and rebuild Kyle Field didn’t break the bank. Only God and the Longhorns have more money than the Aggies, who are constantly spending on facilities. Blue Bell Park is an outstanding baseball stadium and softball got a complete renovation after last season. Golf, tennis, soccer and volleyball all have outstanding facilities. The Aggies have a dedicated indoor track stadium as well as an outstanding outdoor facility. About the only thing that needs an upgrade is the swimming facility.   http://www.12thman.com/facilities/?id=2 VANDERBILT: They don’t spend a lot on facilities at Vandy. Indoor track shares the indoor football facility. Soccer and lacrosse use the same stadium. Tennis has a nice facility and outdoor track has a very average running surface. The baseball stadium provides one of the more scenic venues in college baseball with its version of the Green Monster in left field. http://www.vucommodores.com/facilities/hawkins-field.html How I rate the SEC baseball stadiums: 1. LSU 2. Arkansas 3. South Carolina 4. Texas A&M 5. Alabama 6. Mississippi State 7. Ole Miss 8. Vanderbilt 9. Georgia 10. Tennessee 11. Florida 12. Auburn 13. Missouri 14. Kentucky How I rate the SEC top to bottom in overall facilities: 1. Arkansas 2. Texas A&M 3. Alabama 4. LSU 5. Tennessee 6. South Carolina 7. Ole Miss 8. Auburn 9. Kentucky 10. Florida 11. Missouri 12. Georgia 13. Mississippi State 14. Vanderbilt RANDOM THOUGHTS Remember 2008 when Billy Donovan booted the Gators out of the practice facility and took away all their Gator gear just before the NIT? The Gators made it to the NIT Final Four in New York in response. Billy isn’t the only one who uses that tactic. Coach K, who has taken the month off because of back surgery, called his Duke basketball team to his house in Durham Tuesday night to inform them they have been booted out of the locker room and forbidden to wear their Duke gear until further notice. Duke is 2-3 since Coach K had the surgery and says the Blue Devils won’t get their locker room and apparel privileges back “until they start living up to the standards of the Duke program” according to ESPN. Duke was predicted to be a Final Four participant but the Blue Devils are looking like a team that will be gone after the first weekend. Remember when UCLA hosed Kentucky at Rupp? Well, UCLA has been exposed as a very beatable team in a week in which Villanova, Kansas and Kentucky have all had their flaws blown up and shown to the world. What this week has taught us is there are a lot of very good teams this year but right now it’s hard to see a great one emerging. Gonzaga is unbeaten (21-0) and if the Zags continue their unbeaten ways they’re going to emerge as the overall #1 seed for the NCAA Tournament. Do I think they’ll run the table? There’s a reason no one has done it since Indiana in 1976. Former West Virginia and FSU QB Clint Trickett, son of FSU OL coach Rick Trickett, will be a grad assistant at Alabama. South Carolina is paying OL coach Eric Wolford $500,000 and WR coach Bryan McClendon $515,000. QUESTION OF THE DAY Do you believe Jim McElwain and the Florida football staff can close fast and dramatically improve Florida’s recruiting fortunes between now and next Wednesday? MUSIC FOR TODAY I heard Deep Purple’s version of the Billy Joe Royal hit “Hush” today on the radio and it’s been in my head ever since. So, here it is, the first cut on The Very Best of Deep Purple, which is today’s music. I heard the band live in Melbourne in May of 1969 when Ritchie Blackmore was fronting. I think it took a week for my hearing to return to normal. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae_j-OE2ubM     Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Franz Beard's Thoughts of the Day; Jan, 26 SEC Big-12 Challenge: #25 Gators vs. Oklahoma Insider Q&A on Fightin’ Gators’ Recruiting Updated Scout 300 Trend Meter For 2017 Franz Beard's Thoughts of the Day; Jan. 27 Highlights: Chase Johnson Full Story Fightin Gators Top Stories SEC Big-12 Challenge: #25 Gators vs. OklahomaThe Florida Gators hope to continue their strong rad efforts as they head to Oklahoma to face former Gator coach Lon Kruger and the Sooners on Saturday. The Gators are coming off… by Bob Redman Fightin GatorsYesterday at 11:39 PM Gator Blitz: UF Prepares for Final OV Weekend It's the last weekend Florida can welcome visitors before signing day. Who will be on campus and where do things stand with other left on the board? by Jacquie Franciulli Fightin GatorsYesterday at 10:04 AM Insider Q&A on Fightin’ Gators’ RecruitingJacquie Franciulli and Bob Redman go into detail on the hot questions from our premium members on Gators’ recruiting. With less than a week left, there are a lot of questions on… by Jacquie Franciulli Fightin GatorsThursday at 11:08 PM Gator Gauge: Where things Stand ahead of NSD National Signing Day is just days away and Gator Gauge lets you know where things are trending for Florida's biggest targets left on the board. by Jacquie Franciulli Fightin GatorsThursday at 2:50 PM Highlights: Chase Johnson Chase Johnson is headed to play his college ball at Florida, and the Gators look like they landed a very strong piece to their frontcourt puzzle. by Brian Snow Scout HoopsThursday at 9:12 AM Record night from 3 helps Gators scorch LSUJust two games ago, the No. 25 Florida Gators (15-5, 6-2 SEC) went 0-for-17 from three point land in a close road loss to ranked South Carolina. On Wednesday, Florida scorched the… by Bob Redman Fightin GatorsWednesday at 11:08 PM Blades Decommits From Florida; Whats Next? Florida is down to 14 pledges in the 2017 class. Elijah Blades has decommitted from the Gators, so whats next for Jim McElwain and his staff? by Jacquie Franciulli Fightin GatorsWednesday at 6:17 PM Miami Leads for Local 2018 Scout 300 Receiver MIAMI, Fla. -- Mark Pope, the 239th-ranked player overall in the 2018 Scout 300, dishes out his top two schools from the Florida Fire Tryouts. by Corey Bender Scout FootballMonday at 7:52 PM No. 14 CB in 2018 Pencils in SEC Visit Date MIAMI, Fla. -- Gilbert Frierson is "still solid" to the University of Miami, but the 2018 Scout 300 defensive back has scheduled a visit with an additional in-state program as well… by Corey Bender Scout FootballMonday at 11:55 AM Updated Scout 300 Trend Meter For 2017 It is less than two weeks to signing day and the updated Scout 300 Trend Meter for the 2017 class takes a look at which schools are trending for each uncommitted member in the… by Staff Scout FootballYesterday at 11:51 AM Franz Beard's Thoughts of the Day; Jan, 26 A few thoughts to jump start your Thursday morning... by Franz Beard Fightin GatorsThursday at 6:32 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets FOX Sports Sign In Sign Up Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Jobs © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video Politics Insider Federal Election U.S. Politics Home» News» Politics Prime Minister Justin Trudeau greets the press before going into the Liberal cabinet retreat in Calgary, Alta., Monday, Jan. 23, 2017. (Todd Korol/THE CANADIAN PRESS) Prime Minister Justin Trudeau greets the press before going into the Liberal cabinet retreat in Calgary, Alta., Monday, Jan. 23, 2017. (Todd Korol/THE CANADIAN PRESS) No reason for Canada to be worried over NAFTA talks: Trump adviser Add to ... Bill Curry Calgary — The Globe and Mail Published Monday, Jan. 23, 2017 12:40PM EST Last updated Monday, Jan. 23, 2017 10:12PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Talks to renegotiate the North American free-trade agreement could begin within weeks but a senior business adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump said there’s no reason for Canada to be “enormously worried.” Stephen Schwarzman, who heads the President’s strategic and policy forum and is the CEO of Blackstone Group, met privately with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and also spoke to the full federal cabinet Monday in Calgary, where ministers are holding a two-day retreat. Mr. Schwarzman leads a forum of CEOs representing some of the largest companies in the United States, including General Motors, IBM, Walt Disney and Wal-Mart. He said the Trump administration's trade concerns are focused on countries that have large trade imbalances with the United States and he said Mr. Trudeau shouldn’t be concerned because that doesn’t apply to Canada. “I don’t think he should be enormously worried, because Canada is held in very high regard,” he told reporters after his private meeting with cabinet. “I think trade between the U.S. and Canada is really very much in balance and is a model for the way that trade relations should be. … So I think Canada is very well-positioned for any discussions with the United States.” Read more: Keystone pipeline approval could tilt U.S. trade balance against Canada Read more: The pros and cons of leaving NAFTA behind Read more: Trump withdraws from TPP, but offers Canada hope on NAFTA, Keystone pipeline The positive message was welcome news to a nervous Liberal cabinet given that so much of the Canadian economy depends on open trade with the United States. Though Canada’s Liberal government holds starkly different political views from Mr. Trump on a wide range of issues, cabinet ministers are clearly eager to avoid a fight with the new President. Trade Minister François-Philippe Champagne said it is a positive sign that a senior Trump adviser is well aware of the fact that Canada and the United States often manufacture goods together, with parts moving back and forth across the border. “We share the understanding that not only do we sell to each other, but we make things together,” he said, adding that it is great to have someone with that view at the “top of the pyramid” in terms of influence with the new administration. Employment Minister Patty Hajdu said the fact that the administration sent a senior envoy to the Canadian cabinet retreat was significant. “It’s a sign that Canada is seen in a positive light. They did not have to send anyone here to speak with us. They did not have to take our meetings, and yet they are,” she said. Ms. Hajdu, the former status of women minister, was asked if she had concerns working with a President who inspired millions of women to protest around the world on the weekend. “We understand that other countries have different priorities and different focuses. That doesn’t mean we’re going to back away from our fundamental belief in gender equality,” she replied. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday that the U.S. President would prefer to renegotiate NAFTA rather than tear it up. He said Mr. Trump would be meeting with Mr. Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in the coming weeks to discuss a renegotiation. Various proposals for new import tariffs or border taxes have been floating around Washington since Mr. Trump’s election victory, but Mr. Schwarzman suggested Canada may be exempt from such measures. “I think one of the things the U.S. is looking at is a potential border tax, which I think if you’re in NAFTA is a good place to be,” he said, suggesting a border-tax exemption would likely be part of any discussion to renegotiate the North American free-trade agreement. There had been discussions about the possibility that Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, would be meeting with the Canadian federal cabinet on Tuesday. However a government official said the plans ultimately fell through. Cabinet also heard Monday from Dominic Barton, the McKinsey global managing partner who heads Finance Minister Bill Morneau’s advisory council on economic growth. The council is expected to release a series of reports shortly that will focus on recommendations for improving innovation in Canada. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, a former U.S.-based business journalist, confirmed Monday’s cabinet meetings will focus on the United States. “We’re focused this morning on the Canada-U.S. relationship. You’ve seen that my long-time good friend Steve Schwarzman is going to be here, talking to us, together with the friend of all of ours, Dominic Barton, about that relationship, particularly the economic relationship and that’s the conversation we’re looking forward to having this morning,” she said on her way in to the meeting. Ms. Freeland declined to address comments made Sunday evening by David MacNaughton, Canada’s ambassador to the United States, who suggested future trade deals with the United States may not include Mexico. Asked Monday by a reporter whether Canada was throwing Mexico under the bus, Ms. Freeland said NAFTA remains important to Canada. “We are very happy to be members of what I believe, what I think Canadians know to be, the very mutually beneficial NAFTA partnership,” she said. “But of course our relationship with the United States is primarily a bilateral relationship and I think Canadians know and understand that.” Report Typo/Error Follow Bill Curry on Twitter: @curryb Also on The Globe and Mail Freeland on NAFTA: Canada's ties with U.S. mostly 'bilateral' (The Canadian Press)   More Related to this Story Trump presses ahead with plans for closer ties with Israel, speaks with PM ‘Abandon all hope’ of escaping U.S. trade sanctions TRADE Trump withdraws from TPP, but offers Canada hope on NAFTA Topics Jared Kushner Donald Trump Chrystia Freeland Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success Life Five reasons to never do crunches again ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees News Rona Ambrose calls Liberal cash-for-access law a 'smokescreen' Life Video: The secret life of New York's pet pigs Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business How five companies broke out from the pack Globe Investor Reasons why you should not bank on an inheritance More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Jan. 28: Your daily horoscope NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ Elephant Man, Midnight Express actor John Hurt dead at 77 Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year How does Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister spend his working holiday in Costa Rica? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 36° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 47° F Lo: 32° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Featured: Presidential Inauguration Latest Headlines UN says migrant resettlement programs benefit US Updated: 17 mins ago BERLIN (AP) — Two United Nations agencies say long-standing U.S. support for resettlement programs has offered a double benefit, “first by r… US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians Updated: 17 mins ago VIENNA (AP) — Austria has shut its door to about 300 non-Muslim Iranians hoping to use the country as a way station before establishing new … Heavy snow traps 5 Indian soldiers along Kashmir frontier Updated: 17 mins ago AP Top Political News at 3:18 a.m. EST Updated: 56 mins ago Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Updated: 16 mins ago Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 36° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 28° F Wind: ESE 12 Humidity: 76% Dewpoint: 29° F Sunrise: 7:37 AM Sunset: 5:10 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 36° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 47° F Lo: 32° F Theft suspect rams deputy’s car during pursuit A Clackamas County deputy was injured KOIN 6 News Staff Published: January 26, 2017, 9:57 pm Updated: January 26, 2017, 10:48 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Theft suspects rammed 2 Clackamas County Sheriff's Department patrol cars during a pursuit on January 26, 2017. (CCSO) PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Two Clackamas County Sheriff’s Department patrol cars were rammed by a theft suspect during a pursuit in Milwaukie Thursday night. Clackamas County Sheriff’s Department K-9 Grimm. (CCSO) The sheriff’s office received reports about the theft at the Lowe’s on SE Johnson Road. A deputy and K-9 patrolling the area saw the suspect vehicle, a dark Volkswagen Jetta, and tried to stop it. During the pursuit, the suspect reportedly rammed into the deputy’s car and a semi-truck in the Walmart parking lot. The suspect left the parking lot and eventually rammed into another sheriff’s office patrol car head-on. Three suspects then tried to flee on foot but were captured by deputies and K-9 Grimm. The driver, Jeremy Grina, is being held on charges of theft, felony hit-and-run, attempt to elude a police officer, assault, reckless driving, reckless endangering and assault on a public safety officer. The 2 passengers, Benjamin Esterberg and Andres Duarte, were booked into jail on theft charges. One deputy was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries he sustained after the suspect car rammed his car. Grimm was checked out but not injured. One suspect was injured by the K-9 and was taken to the hospital. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Elusive car theft suspect wanted on several warrants Man treated for hypothermia after fleeing to river I-84 closed overnight due to ice storm in Gorge Deputies: 3 critically hurt after husband rams car Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Stories on KOIN.com More Crime Stories Jury will only hear felony charges in 2nd Malheur trial January 27, 2017 Judge Anna Brown said the jurors will be devoting an extraordinary amount of time to jury service and adding petty offenses to their plate i… 12-year-old boy shot by relative in Salem January 27, 2017 Police are working to determine how the shooting occurred and whether it was accidental. Follow KOIN 6 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 1998-2017 KOIN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate MORE Search News Local News National News Business Sports Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Chad Finn Eric Wilbur Culture Entertainment Events Food Lifestyle News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate Shortcuts Obituaries Traffic Crosswords Jobs Open Houses Horoscopes Globe Newsletters Classified Ads Trending Patriots Donald Trump Celtics Skiing Love Letters Boston Globe Radio BDC Loveletters Careers Classified Ads Site Help Contact ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Share Tweet How Trump’s plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work How Trump’s plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work A truck drives near the Mexico-U.S. border fence, on the Mexican side, separating the towns of Anapra, Mexico, and Sunland Park, New Mexico. –Christian Torres / AP By JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK AP, January 27, 2017 Get Boston Globe's Political Happy Hour newsletter, your afternoon shot of politics, sent straight from the desk of Joshua Miller. WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Advertisement Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff or something else? It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. What does this mean for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. Advertisement U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Would it raise enough money to pay for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it legal? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Advertisement Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. How would this affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Do Republicans like Trump’s plan? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP TOPICS: Politics National News Donald Trump Want to see what readers are saying about our stories? Check out the conversations on Boston.com's Facebook Page Tips? Corrections? Feedback? Email us at tips@boston.com Close Catch up with The Boston Globe for free. Get The Globe's free newsletter, Today's Headlines, every morning. Thanks for signing up! Boston Globe Media Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds, right to your inbox. Connect with Facebook - or - Thanks for signing up! Continue to the article Privacy Policy Local News A city built on refugees looks at Trump’s plan with fear January 27, 2017 | 10:07 PM Local News Coming soon to Mass.: Walk into store. Buy a joint. Sit and smoke it there. January 27, 2017 | 8:05 PM Local News MBTA to fire 27 workers for attendance policy violations January 27, 2017 | 8:00 PM Politics Seth Moulton is ‘ashamed’ of Trump after executive order on refugees January 27, 2017 | 7:30 PM Politics Maine governor: No more welfare for those with drug felonies January 27, 2017 | 5:10 PM Local News Police: Maine driver with kids in car tried to beat train, collided with it January 27, 2017 | 4:58 PM Politics Elizabeth Warren says she'll vote against Betsy DeVos January 27, 2017 | 4:50 PM Local News Event to remember, review search efforts for missing UMass student January 27, 2017 | 4:38 PM Crime Worcester man accused of attacking Muslim JFK airport worker January 27, 2017 | 3:27 PM Politics Baker says Massachusetts should not be ‘a sanctuary state' January 27, 2017 | 1:46 PM Local News Ride-hailing service for women launches next week January 27, 2017 | 1:06 PM Local News Seeing hope in Trump, local anti-abortion advocates head to D.C. rally January 27, 2017 | 12:25 PM Local News Engineers recommend emergency demolition of closed church January 27, 2017 | 12:18 PM Local News Deer defense! Man fights speeding ticket with novel argument January 27, 2017 | 11:32 AM Tennis Australian Open: Federer vs. Nada in classic final January 27, 2017 | 11:32 AM Politics Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists January 27, 2017 | 11:18 AM Politics Trump talking to Putin, other world leaders January 27, 2017 | 10:08 AM Local News Partners set to acquire Mass. Eye and Ear January 27, 2017 | 9:56 AM Local News Catholic group vows to keep working with refugees in Maine January 27, 2017 | 9:50 AM Health Could certain opioids lead to amnesia? January 27, 2017 | 9:39 AM National News Scientists plan march opposing Trump’s policies January 27, 2017 | 9:27 AM National News 'It is unacceptable': Ethics doubts swirl as Trump club doubles fee January 27, 2017 | 8:30 AM Local News Alleged prison escapee charged with bank robbery attempts January 27, 2017 | 8:00 AM Politics What’s an executive order? And, more importantly, how is Trump using them? January 27, 2017 | 7:55 AM Local News What would it take to use City Hall as a refuge for immigrants? January 27, 2017 | 7:47 AM Politics In 2006, Democrats were saying ‘build that fence!’ January 27, 2017 | 7:40 AM Science Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight January 27, 2017 | 7:24 AM Local News Officials: Several jump from windows of burning home January 27, 2017 | 6:10 AM Local News Boston protesters chant 'here to stay' after Trump's order January 27, 2017 | 3:49 AM National News Trump administration pulls back on HealthCare.gov ads January 27, 2017 | 3:42 AM Twitter Facebook ? ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 27, 2017January 27, 2017 by Press Release Why Wal-Mart Stock Gained 13% in 2016 Image source: Wal-Mart. What happened Shares of retail behemoth Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE: WMT) jumped 12.75% in 2016, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence . There was no single piece of news that drove the gains, which all occurred in the first seven months of the year. Instead, steady comparable-sales growth in the United States and new online initiatives likely drove investors to buy the stock. So what Wal-Mart followed through on its plan to raise wages and improve training in February. The moves knocked down Wal-Mart’s profit, but the company expects improved efficiency, employee morale, and customer satisfaction to eventually reverse that trend. The focus on making its U.S. stores more appealing to shoppers paid off in 2016. The third quarter marked the ninth consecutive quarter of comparable-sales growth, with much of the growth driven by increased store traffic. Earnings declined as expected, but investors focused on the solid U.S. results. Wal-Mart’s e-commerce business also gained momentum during 2016. Global e-commerce sales rose by just 7% year over year, adjusted for currency during the first quarter, but accelerated to 20.6% growth during the third quarter. Wal-Mart’s push into online grocery, allowing its customers to order online and pick up for free at its stores, has helped drive this growth. Wal-Mart also acquired Jet.com in August, but the stock declined from that point on. Now what Shares of Wal-Mart have continued to decline in 2017, as many retailers that have reported results so far have disappointed investors. Wal-Mart stock has slumped about 3.5% year to date, wiping out a portion of last year’s gains. Wal-Mart will need to remain aggressive as it grows its e-commerce business to compete with Amazon.com . The acquisition of Jet.com gives the company a brand that should appeal to those wary of shopping at Wal-Mart, and initiatives like the Pickup and Fuel concept stores could help the company maintain and grow its grocery market share. Wal-Mart will report its fourth-quarter results on Feb. 21, with investors expecting continued U.S. comparable-sales growth and double-digit e-commerce gains. If Wal-Mart disappoints like other retailers have, even more of 2016’s gains could be erased. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart Stores When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart Stores wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of January 4, 2017 Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Tagsdata, Fuel, Momentum Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bone Pin Market 2016: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext National Instruments Reports Sluggish Sales on Forex Pressure Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel January 28, 2017 Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided January 28, 2017 Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves January 28, 2017 Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America January 28, 2017 New Floors from Syracuse Flooring America Transform Any Room Quickly & Efficiently January 28, 2017 Baby Play Mats Get Safer and Adorable with the New Online Store, Bubble and Bee January 28, 2017 Explore New Ways to Upgrade a Home During the Red Carpet Clearance Sale at Noel Maestri’s Flooring America in Covington, LA January 28, 2017 Johnstown, PA, Flooring Store Makes Home Renovations More Affordable for Customers January 28, 2017 “Stan Mikita’s All-Star Café Presented by Honda” Announces Exciting Schedule During 2017 Honda NHL All-Star Weekend in Los Angeles January 28, 2017 Cloth Diaper Company Makes an Effort to Reduce the Environmental Footprint made by Disposable Diapers January 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features World Economic Forum Bye Obama, hello Trump Zuma ANC turns 105 Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Politics Business Report Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Personal finance My Money Debt Financial Planning Medical Cover Invest Insurance Retirement Tax Money tools Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Trucks Entertainment News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Matric Results Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy Press code Complaints news politics business report sport motoring entertainment lifestyle travel newspapers Shop @ Loot IOL PropertySections Bye Obama, hello Trump Frustrated Students Take To Streets Alleged 'war room' plotter sues for R1m Beaten driver comes forward Ganging up on criminals SABC inquiry: Muthambi crucified in draft report Related stories Trump: Meeting with Peña Nieto would have been 'fruitless' news special features bye obama, hello trump How Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work Bye Obama, hello Trump / 27 January 2017, 06:27am JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK Washington - President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff, or something else? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for US companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. What does this means for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1 000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. US exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The US could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Would it raise enough money for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it legal? To be determined. The US has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. How would this affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase US wages, help US businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the US-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Do Republicans like Trump's plan? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the US send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the US between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the US would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. Associated Press Related stories Trump: Meeting with Peña Nieto would have been 'fruitless' Bye Obama, hello Trump Frustrated Students Take To Streets Alleged 'war room' plotter sues for R1m Beaten driver comes forward Ganging up on criminals SABC inquiry: Muthambi crucified in draft report Most Read SABC inquiry: Muthambi crucified in draft report ICYMI: A journey from tragedy to love ICYMI: Joburg’s R3.4bn irregular expenditure shock ICYMI: 'Ambushed cop was having sex with prostitutes' Beaten driver comes forward Advertisement MORE news special features bye obama, hello trumpMenu World Economic Forum| Bye Obama, hello Trump| Zuma| ANC turns 105| news special features bye obama, hello trumpMenu World Economic Forum| Bye Obama, hello Trump| Zuma| ANC turns 105| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Politics Business report Sport Motoring Entertainment Lifestyle Travel About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Treasury Might Write Checks To Boeing Under GOP Tax Reform Boeing paid a 27.7% federal tax rate in 2015 but could get a check from Treasury under Republican tax reform. (Boeing) JED GRAHAM 1/27/2017 Reprints Boeing (BA) is going to bat for the BAT — the border adjustment tax that is a central part of the GOP plan to cut the corporate tax rate. The controversial Republican tax-reform plan, which would slap a 20% tax on imports but make exports tax-free, has gotten off to a rough start in the court of public opinion. The National Retail Federation has warned that it would raise prices and cause consumer spending to decline, while analysts have said that big importers like Wal-Mart (WMT), Target (TGT) and Best Buy (BBY) could suffer major hits to profitability. House Republicans, with the help of economists, have countered that an anticipated 20% appreciation of the dollar would neutralize those negative effects, while removing what they call a "Made in America" tax. Now big exporters including Boeing and General Electric (GE) are reportedly gearing up to help House Speaker Paul Ryan make that case, and it's not hard to understand why. Consider Boeing: The company paid an effective federal tax rate of 27.7% in 2015, when it had a current tax bill of $2.1 billion, but would have had negative tax liability under the House plan. In 2015, 59% of company revenue came from non-U.S. customers. Given that Boeing does almost all of its manufacturing and sourcing within the U.S., it has limited exposure to the 20% import tax. Meanwhile, the House GOP tax plan exempts exports from any tax. Companies would be taxed on their cash flow, basically the total cost of (non-imported) goods, labor and capital outlays minus U.S. revenue. In effect, Boeing's U.S. cash flow, as far as the GOP tax plan is concerned, would have been dramatically negative once its $56.7 billion in non-U.S. revenue was excluded. IBD'S TAKE: The House GOP tax reform that Trump is considering would likely help foreigners holding U.S. stocks and hit U.S. investors in foreign investments, such as Alibaba's ADRs or overseas ETFs. Morgan Stanley analysts wrote in December that some big exporters "may pay little or no federal taxes — and may even accrue tax benefits in the form of net operating losses." Yet some tax experts say the only way to make the House plan work as intended would be for the federal government to write a check to exporters with negative liability. The border adjustment tax would effectively become a trade barrier, doing more to keep out imports than to facilitate exports "unless cash refunds were provided," wrote American Enterprise Institute scholar Alan Viard. William Gale, co-director of the Tax Policy Center, wrote that while it may create a "serious optics problem" for Treasury to write checks to big corporations, the issue is just one of perception. Because of the exchange-rate adjustment, the House plan shouldn't affect the after-tax profitability of either exporters or importers, he wrote. President Trump initially sounded wary of Ryan's tax reform approach, calling it "too complicated" and the wrong medicine for a dollar that is already "too strong." But he may have put those concerns aside: White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Thursday that Trump would pay to build a wall on the Mexican border with funds generated by a 20% border tax as part of tax reform. But White House chief of staff Reince Priebus later said a 20% tax is just one option. The outcome of this rhetorical and political battle may be critical in deciding whether Trump can deliver on his plan to cut the corporate tax rate to a range of 15% to 20% from a statutory rate of 35%, among the world's highest. Without the $1.1 trillion in revenue that would come from the border-adjusted tax, analysts say a tax rate of 25% may be the best Trump can do. Boeing shares fell fractionally to close at 167.70 Friday on the stock market today. But they're up nearly 6% for the week, hitting new highs after the aerospace giant topped earnings views. RELATED: President Trump Backs 20% Import Tax To Pay For Border Wall, Aide Says Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Apple Rally After Trump Pans GOP Border Adjustment Tax   JED GRAHAM | Facebook | @IBD_JGraham Share this: Related news General Dynamics, maker of the Abrams tank and other defense gear, topped profit views and gave bullish long-term guidance. (General Dynamics) General Dynamics Stock In Buy Zone On Strong Outlook; Mattis Eyes F-35 1/27/2017 General Dynamics popped to a record high after the defense and aerospace giant offered a strong outlook over the coming... 1/27/2017 General Dynamics popped to a record high after the defense... Trump Tax Fears: Wal-Mart, Target, Macy's Hit New Lows Week In Review: Dow Hits 20K On Trump Rally; Boeing Hot, Google Iced Why Tax Reform Could End In Tears For Trump And GOP U.S. Economic Malaise Hits 11 Years: GDP Growth 1.6% In 2016 Trump Backs 20% Import Tax To Pay For Border Wall — Or Not Northrop, Raytheon Join Lockheed With Weak Views But New Budget Looms Baker Hughes Sees U.S. Shale Activity Rising But Overcapacity To Weigh On Pricing Stocks End Quietly Mixed; Alphabet, Starbucks, PayPal Down Late Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Can you build this fast? Promoted Content By Butler Manufacturing Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 26° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 22° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Youngstown man charged with sexual contact with 2 children January 27, 2017 According to the indictment, he raped one of his victims over the course of nearly six years, when the victim was between 11 and 16 years ol… West Farmington residents warned to boil water January 27, 2017 The advisory is in effect until further notice. Flyer claiming Meander Dam could collapse panics Niles residents 3:14 am Police: Kitchen sink stolen from Warren home January 27, 2017 $7,000 worth of cocaine, heroin found at East Liverpool home January 27, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 26° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 9 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 7:36 AM Sunset: 5:34 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Phantoms fall to Stampede, 3-1 12:10 am After falling behind by two goals twice in the first period, the Youngstown Phantoms (21-13-4-1, 47 points) were never able to recover Player of the Game: Poland’s Braeden O’Shaughnessy January 27, 2017 Poland Sophomore Braeden O’Shaughnessy was named Player of the Game for his play in the Bulldogs 57-49 win over Lakeview. Farrell cruises past Hickory January 27, 2017 Grove City tops Sharon, still perfect in region play January 27, 2017 Poland Boys hold off Lakeview January 27, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 26° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 22° F How Trump’s plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work White House officials later clarified that the import tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall By The Associated Press Published: January 26, 2017, 10:27 pm Updated: January 26, 2017, 10:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) President Donald Trump points towards members of the media while seated at his desk on Air Force One during his arrival at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP’S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report.   Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Local Latino immigrants react to Trump’s Mexico wall plan Trump summons business leaders, lawmakers to White House Valley residents weigh in on Trump’s wall and his plan to pay for it Sources: President-elect Trump to initally ask Congress, not Mexico, to pay for border wall Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watch: Poland vs. Lakeview boys Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact CT Post Advertise with Us Subscribe Terms of Use Careers with Us Archives Newsletters Digital edition FAQ Submissions New trucks coming to Monroe Fire Department Trump’s jobs rhetoric off beat in high-tech state Women seek to use marches as springboard for action Petruccelli explores run for Stratford mayor News Local Columnists Police Reports Regional Valley National World Politics Opinion Were you SEEN? Science and Technology Election Miranda Lambert plays Mohegan Sun Arena 2016 movie favorites McMahon testifying at SBA confirmation hearing Ken Dixon: Got milk? Why not? Sports High Schools HS Football Colleges UConn MLB NFL NBA More Sports Hockey Find best snow conditions in mountain forecasts Regional notebook: Hoops tournament to benefit festival; Regional notebook: Orcutt Club Celebrity Night Siena shuts down cold-shooting Stags Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Sponsored Content New digs give Shelton-based Peralta Design room to grow Norwalk health care staffing agency moves to Trumbull Local women break through glass ceiling in accounting Animal rescue leads to new Bridgeport business opportunities Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate Tiempo Libre performs at Ridgefield Playhouse Miranda Lambert plays Mohegan Sun Arena Michael Carbonaro to perform at Stamford’s Palace Theatre Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Weddings Engagements Celebrate Summer Sponsored Content How many people in Connecticut are retirement age? FDA: Be cautious when using a neti pot WalletHub: Connecticut is one of the worst states for retirees, New Milford artist, curator carries her craft with a passion Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars Find & Save MenuSections http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Derby-HS-clubhouse-baseball-field-saved-by-2-10887662.php Cerby Baseball Field Committee to discuss $2 million donation By Michael Mayko Updated 8:02 pm, Friday, January 27, 2017 Photo: Christian Abraham / Christian Abraham Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Buy photo Derby High School Principal Martin Pascale Derby High School Principal Martin Pascale Photo: Christian Abraham / Christian Abraham Buy this photo Image 2 of 3 Buy photo Derby Supt. of Schools Matthew Conway at the High School. Derby Supt. of Schools Matthew Conway at the High School. Photo: Brian A. Pounds / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo Image 3 of 3 Buy photo Derby Mayor Anita Dugatto. Derby Mayor Anita Dugatto. Photo: Autumn Driscoll / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo Cerby Baseball Field Committee to discuss $2 million donation 1 / 3 Back to Gallery DERBY — The Baseball Field Relocation Committee will meet Monday at 7 p.m. in City Hall to discuss the possible redesign of the high school field and relocation of some Little League diamonds from the Leo F. Ryan Sports Complex. This comes after Thursday’s $2 million donation from the chief executive officer of a $110 billion asset management firm whose father grew up in derby. Superintendent of Schools Matthew Conway announced during the committee’s Jan. 26 meeting that Joan A. Payden, chief executive officer of Payden & Rygel which has offices in Boston, Los Angeles, Frankfurt, London and Paris, was donating $2 million to help fund the construction of a clubhouse and to keep the high school’s baseball field at the Ryan Complex. The committee had been discussing moving the field from the complex, which is within walking distance of the High School, to Witek Park, on the other side of the city near Sentinel Hill and David Humphreys roads. Such a move would require busing the high school team there. “I want to thank the Payden Family for the private donation of $2 million,” Mayor Anita Dugatto said during Thursday’s Board of Aldermen meeting. “The $2 million is a great, great gift and the city of Derby appreciates it 1,000 percent.” Derby, the state’s smallest city, has been struggling lately. Last year, officials approved a 3.64 mill-rate hike, pushing it to 39.37. This year there are expected increases in Water Pollution Control Authority assessments to pay for $31 million in sewer treatment improvements. Wal-Mart and Adams Supermarket closed their Derby stores last year. And all the businesses on one side of Main Street will soon be demolished as the state prepares to turn the two-lane roadway into four-lanes. Payden made the donation in memory of her father, Joseph Raymond Payden, who was born March 20, 1896 and was valedictorian of the 1915 Derby High School graduating class. “Derby is where my heritage begins,” Payden said in a prepared statement. “I’m happy to give back to the high school my father so enjoyed.” Joseph Payden graduated from Yale University’s Sheffield Scientific School of Engineering. He interrupted his studies to enlist in the U.S. Army Signal Corps Aviation Division when World War I broke out. Wanting to fly but unable to do so because the U.S. had no Air Force, Payden went to England. There he flew missions as a fighter pilot for the Royal Flying Corps. After the War, he completed his degree and joined Union Carbide. He later became the chief executive officer of Union Carbide Java Ltd. in Indonesia. The donation comes about a year after Conway decided to cut $1 million for the demolition of the old field house and construction of a new one from a $5 million state grant proposal. The state came through with $2.9 million to install an artificial turf football field and running track, which cut into the baseball field. “(Joan Payden) wants a first class, state-of-the-art field house,” said Conway. He envisions it as a museum with 100 years of mementos from Derby High School sports, a meeting place for local recreational groups and even a catering center using students as interns. It will also have dressing and shower facilities for male and female student sports. Conway said Joan Payden, who funds an annual $6,000 scholarship for the High School valedictorian, first spoke to Martin Pascale, the High School’s principal, two weeks ago about helping out. Pascale put her in touch with Conway. “She said her father played football, but the principal love of her father and (late) brother Bill was baseball,” Conway said. So a portion of the money is expected to be used to redesign the high school baseball field to keep it on the complex. This probably will require some of the Little League fields to be moved to Bradley School or Witek Park. In the meantime, the city has sent out Requests for Qualifications for interested architects. They have been asked to respond by Feb. 14. . Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Dawn Redwood Bonsai Tree for $49 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 10 hr ago SHOP NOW Quill Winter Brewing Event: Up to 60% off + free shipping w/ $45 QuillPosted 14 hr 11 min ago SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Clearance: Extra 50% off + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 22 hr 5 min ago SHOP NOW Sur La Table Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + free shipping w/ $59 Sur La TablePosted 17 hr 17 min ago Most Popular 1 Police: Driver that hit and killed motorcyclist was DUI 2 Teen retailer Wet Seal is suddenly closing all of its stores 3 Man shot in Bridgeport 4 Drug dealer convicted of cold case murder 5 Bridgeport dealer sentenced for Monroe man’s OD death 6 Steps with a Bridgeport view 7 1 dead, 1 critical after police chase ends in crash Connecticut Post View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Ad Choices About Our Ads Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ CTPost iPhone App Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Livestream Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Jesse Jones Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 12394874 Sports Mariners Sounders FC Seahawks College Sports Huskies Cougars High School Football Seattle Storm Seattle Reign FC 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Summer Internship Program Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Housing Profiles More Will tequila prices increase? Trump's plan to pay for border wall explained Updated: Jan 26, 2017 - 6:29 PM Twtter President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Related Headlines President Donald Trump's wall by the numbers Trump EPA order sets off national parks tweets about climate change Senior Secret Service agent 'would take jail time over a bullet' for Trump Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff, or something else? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. What does it mean for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Would it raise enough to build a wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it legal? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. How would this impact the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Do Republicans like Trump’s plan? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Border security yes, tariffs no. Mexico is 3rd largest trading partner. Any tariff we can levy they can levy. Huge barrier to econ growth /1 — Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) January 26, 2017 Simply put, any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila, or margaritas is a big-time bad idea. Mucho Sad. (2) — Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) January 26, 2017 Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Will tequila prices increase? Trump's plan to pay for border wall explained House bill supports fired Bremerton football coach, would allow prayer… Crocodile Cafe shooting victim speaks about her ordeal Leaders: Seattle heroin site to open first, then county site within a year Seattle police investigating 1967 Seattle Center cold case homicide News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Police shootings Islamic State 2016 US Presidential Election Gun control US immigration Trump takes on federal workforce of 2.8 million that’s showing signs of stress January 26, 2017 9.03pm EST David E. Lewis Author David E. Lewis William R Kenan, Jr Professor and Chair of the Department of Political Science; Co-director of the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions., Vanderbilt University Disclosure statement David E Lewis previously received funding from the National Science Foundation and Smith Richardson Foundation. Partners Vanderbilt University provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation US. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons licence. President Donald Trump signs an executive order implementing a federal government hiring freeze. AP Photo/Evan Vucci Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn On Jan. 20, President Trump became the head of a sprawling federal bureaucracy. His first major actions as manager were to freeze federal hiring, curb the public statements of federal scientists and reportedly ask the senior management team at the State Department to leave. These actions are unsettling to a troubled federal workforce whose work will ultimately determine the success of his presidency. The United States government has a US$4 trillion budget and employs 2.8 million civilian employees and 1.4 million uniformed military personnel. Indeed, Trump has taken on a management challenge orders of magnitude larger than anything he has ever experienced. To put it in perspective, the largest company in the world, Wal-Mart, has annual revenue of US$482 billion, about 1/12 the size of the federal government. The president is not taking over one but more than 200 organizations, each with unique opportunities and complex challenges. The enormous budget and millions of federal workers are divided into 200 to 300 distinct agencies, depending upon how you count. Each agency has its own structure, statutory authority and legal obligations. They also have their own cultures and histories. There is a lot riding on the president’s management choices. First, if federal agencies fail, it reflects back as a failure of the president. The poor response by FEMA officials during Katrina will always be a legacy of the Bush presidency, just as the veterans health care scandal is part of Obama’s legacy. Second, federal workers regulate markets, provide national defense, land planes, deliver mail, protect civil rights and maintain highways and national parks. If the president is inattentive to the complexity of this challenge, or fails to understand major federal workforce issues, the consequences could be dramatic. A troubled federal workforce Any new executive assuming control will want to identify parts of their organization that are performing at a high level and, perhaps more importantly, parts that are not. The president’s ultimate success will depend upon the performance of the federal workforce that implements national policy. If government workers fail, the president fails. During Obama’s second term, my colleague Mark Richardson and I surveyed 3,500 federal managers to find out where those pitfalls might be. We asked long-time managers whether federal agencies were up to the job of fulfilling the core missions given them by Congress and the president. The study revealed that the federal personnel system is under significant stress. A significant percentage of managers reported difficulty recruiting and retaining the best employees. They worry that merit is not sufficiently considered in decisions about promotion or dismissals. Factors like political connections or fear of red tape and lawsuits have too much influence over personnel actions, they said. Ultimately, federal managers worry about whether federal agencies have the human capital necessary to fulfill their core missions. One unique feature of the survey was that we asked federal managers to also share their opinions of other agencies, primarily those with which they work day-to-day. How skilled were the workforces of other agencies? We aggregated their responses into the chart at the end of this piece to get a nice picture of the management challenges facing the new president. The workforces of agencies such as the Federal Reserve and the National Institutes of Health are perceived as quite skilled. Those of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Transportation Security Administration less so. Of course, the skills required for some jobs are different from others, but this is what the president confronts on his first weeks in office. One of the primary jobs of a manager is securing the human capital necessary to accomplish the mission of the organization. Resistance and turnover Federal employees are used to working through changes in administrations between Republicans and Democrats, and pride themselves on their ability to work for either professionally. However, dramatic – and in the view of some, ill-advised – changes in policy can generate resistance or departures. Any president who wants to dramatically alter the mission of an agency will encounter all-too-human resistance from federal workers who do not share the president’s views. This resistance can take the form of ignoring or delaying administration proposals. Career officials may write extensive memos about how the new policy contravenes important law or policy and suggest further study. Agencies complain discreetly to sympathetic members of Congress or the press. During his campaign, Trump was endorsed by two unions in the Department of Homeland Security, but these were an exception among government unions. Most recently, several federal unions have spoken out against Trump’s hiring freeze. At some point, the change in administration may be significant enough that many long-serving career professionals will leave altogether. In a recent paper written with Alex Bolton from Emory University and John de Figueiredo from Duke University, my colleagues and I analyzed data on the careers of federal employees from 1988 to 2011. The data revealed that departures among federal workers increase after a party change in the White House, particularly at the higher levels and in agencies whose views about policy differ substantially from the new president. Historically, for example, there are higher rates of departure in an agency like the Environmental Protection Agency under Republican presidents than Democratic presidents. People go to work for agencies at least partly because they support the mission of the agency. This means Democrats are more likely to want to work in agencies related to social welfare or regulatory agencies, and Republicans in others such as law enforcement and defense. For Trump, turnover is likely to be greatest in agencies like the Department of Energy and State Department, where his actions suggest he has positions at odds with the historic activities and positions of those agencies. The departure of employees with the most expertise and experience can be a real challenge, particularly in areas like emergency response or veteran health. For Trump, a hiring freeze is one way to make a mark. But to successfully manage the government, he will have to acknowledge the reticence of many to respond to his leadership. Federal Government Management Federal politics Bureaucracy US government civil servants Trump administration Trump Transition Tweet Share Get newsletter You might also like Can Trump restore America’s manufacturing might through threats and incentives? Evan Vucci/AP Photo Evidence from states shows why Trump’s brand of Carrier-style dealmaking won’t work In 1945, U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt met with King Abdul Aziz Ibn Saud, part of a behind-the-scenes policy to ensure access to oil for the U.S. and its allies. National Archives and Records Administration Exxon’s Rex Tillerson and the rise of Big Oil in American politics President Donald Trump signs his first executive order, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017, in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. AP Photo/Evan Vucci Trump’s cabinet: Eight essential reads EPA personnel collect water samples along the Louisiana coast after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill. Eric Vance, US EPA/Flickr Trump may reverse US climate policy but will have trouble dismantling EPA Most popular on The Conversation Data should smash the biological myth of promiscuous males and sexually coy females How can we predict the hottest year on record when weather forecasts are so uncertain? Why time seems to fly – or trickle – by Rural America, already hurting, could be most harmed by Trump’s promise to repeal Obamacare Earthquakes triggered by humans pose growing risk Why each side of the partisan divide thinks the other is living in an alternate reality Why Wall Street’s Dow 20,000 is totally meaningless China steps up as US steps back from global leadership Many household products contain antimicrobial chemicals banned from soaps by the FDA Normalizing fascists Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 45,300 academics and researchers from 1,912 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Research and Expert Database Our feeds Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, January 28, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Fears That Visa Ban Will Hurt Allies and Bolster Rivals By DECLAN WALSH President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown Read the Executive Order Here Russian Arrests Pose Tantalizing Clue in Election Hacking By SCOTT SHANE, DAVID E. SANGER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 11:15 PM ET Two officers who worked on cyberoperations and a Russian computer security expert were charged with treason, and rumors in Moscow suggest they may be scapegoats in an internal power struggle. Video by SUSAN JOAN ARCHER. Photo by Al Drago/The New York Times   Abortion Foes March on Washington By JEREMY W. PETERS and YAMICHE ALCINDOR A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. The First Week: A Flurry of Action, and Some Misfires By CHARLIE SAVAGE, PETER BAKER and MAGGIE HABERMAN President Trump’s first week in office has seen its stops and starts, but one thing is certain: There is no lack of ambition, or effort, on his part. 2:13 Watch: A First Week Fact-Check By DAVE HORN, MEG FELLING and ELSA BUTLER In Private, G.O.P. Agonizes Over Health Law Repeal By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN An audio recording of a closed-door meeting reveals concerns that contrast with the confidence party leaders express in public.  Comments Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments More in Politics U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone Push for Familial DNA Tests Raises Privacy Concerns By ELI ROSENBERG An unsolved killing in Queens, N.Y., has led to calls for widening DNA searches to include relatives of possible suspects. But the method, a frontier in forensic science, has critics. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Philippines Leader Takes On Church Over Birth Control By AURORA ALMENDRAL President Rodrigo Duterte orders free access as an antipoverty measure, after challenges by the church and others kept a 2012 law from taking full effect. In Hong Kong, Defiance Gives Way to Resignation By ALAN WONG Along with fish balls and flowers, vendors at a New Year’s fair in Victoria Park sold a game with a predetermined set of outcomes, a nod to the Beijing-directed selection of the city’s leader.  Comments Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Mr. Hurt in “Krapp’s Last Tape” at the Brooklyn Academy of Music’s Harvey Theater in 2011. Credit Richard Perry/The New York Times John Hurt, British Actor Who Vanished Into His Roles, Dies at 77 Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” By BRUCE WEBER 11:45 PM ET Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry By VICTOR MATHER and NAILA-JEAN MEYERS Ms. Williams is meeting her sister, Serena, in the Australian Open final. In eight previous Grand Slam finals between the sisters, Serena has won six. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street By ANNIE CORREAL A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls.  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Woman Linked to Emmett Till Lynching Says She Lied By RICHARD PÉREZ-PEÑA Carolyn Bryant Donham is quoted in a new book as admitting her allegations that Emmett grabbed her and was sexually crude toward her in 1955 are “not true.” Book Review: ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’ France Bans Free Soda Refills in Attack on Obesity By KIMIKO de FREYTAS-TAMURA The regulation is the latest attempt to tackle what the government called a relentless rise in the national obesity rate. City to Pay $8 Million Over Shooting by Off-Duty Officer By CHRISTOPHER MELE The settlement ends a lawsuit over an unprovoked drunken shooting in 2014 that seriously injured a New Rochelle, N.Y., man and traumatized his friend. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Why Did the Red Panda Escape the Zoo? Maybe to Avoid Mating Judge Allows Suit Against C.I.A. Contractors in Torture Case Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies at 94 Ms. Hale won an Emmy for her portrayal of the intrepid Della Street on the “Perry Mason” courtroom series, a role that defined her career. Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk. Literary Lyrics. This two-man rock band returns five years after its breakthrough, “Celebration Rock,” with an album that’s as much about the words as the noise. Uneasy Readers Turn to the Dystopian Classics A boost in sales for books like George Orwell’s “Animal Farm” and “1984” seems to reflect an organic response from readers wary of President Trump’s rhetoric. The Opinion Pages Mexico’s Forceful Resistance By JORGE G. CASTAÑEDA President Enrique Peña Nieto should clearly indicate what Trump actions he won’t tolerate.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Editorial: Voter Fraud Fantasy Editorial: When Donald Trump Met Theresa May Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools 10:46 PM ET Op-Ed: In Israel, ‘We don’t do Gandhi very well.’ An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND Donald Trump’s actions undermine the moral leadership and security of the U.S.  Comments The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: A Rustier Rust Belt Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Opinion The Road to Tet How America got involved in Vietnam — and why 1967 was such a pivotal year in a tragic war. Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Opinion Coming Together at the Roller Rink Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.” Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Opinion Broken: The Women’s Prison at Hoheneck Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » To Understand a Tax on Mexican Imports, Consider the Avocado Uneasy About the Future, Readers Turn to Dystopian Classics Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Anti-Abortion Marchers Draw Inspiration From an Unlikely Source Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Judge Allows Lawsuit Against Psychologists in C.I.A. Torture Case Trump Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires, and a Satisfied Smile Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Man behind bars, accused of leaving daughter alone in vehicle - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Behind the Gates: An inside look into investigation of Crockett's Serenity Place Win Stuff Catch of the Week Weather Or Not Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Man behind bars, accused of leaving daughter alone in vehicle 2017-01-23T18:08:06Z2017-01-23T18:20:35Z By Ronnie Marley, Digital Content Manager Email Connect rmarley@kwes.com Abdallah Gad (Source: Odessa Police Department) ODESSA, TX (KWES) - One man is behind bars in connection with a child endangerment investigation.  Odessa Police arrested Abdallah Gad, 27, on charges of endangering a child. Back on Friday, police were called out to the Walmart East, located at 4210 North JBS Parkway, in reference to an urgent check welfare. Authorities learned that a child had been left alone inside a vehicle in the parking lot. When officers arrived, they spoke with the two year old child as Gad, who was her father. Police said an investigation revealed that Gad left his daughter inside his vehicle to go inside to Walmart to purchase some items. Police reviewed surveillance video of the parking lot and it was determined Gad left his daughter in the vehicle for almost 20 minutes. Gad was later arrested and taken to the Ector County Detention Center. According to the Texas Medical Board, Gad is currently a physician in training.  Copyright 2017 KWES. All rights reserved.  East Texas NewsMore>> Local entrepreneur wins $5000 cash prize Local entrepreneur wins $5000 cash prize Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 7:16 PM EST2017-01-28 00:16:36 GMT It was the first time the Chamber of Commerce, and Lufkin and Angelina County Economic Development hosted an event that rivaled East Texas entrepreneurs looking for a boost in their business. More >> It was the first time the Chamber of Commerce, and Lufkin and Angelina County Economic Development hosted an event that rivaled East Texas entrepreneurs looking for a boost in their business.More >> Free legal clinic for veterans in Lufkin Free legal clinic for veterans in Lufkin Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:57 PM EST2017-01-27 23:57:54 GMT Veterans who need legal advice or legal assistance can visit a free legal clinic scheduled in Lufkin on Saturday. More >> Veterans who need legal advice or legal assistance can visit a free legal clinic scheduled in Lufkin on Saturday.More >> Nacogdoches' Helping House holding year-long fundraising raffle Nacogdoches' Helping House holding year-long fundraising raffle Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:56 PM EST2017-01-27 23:56:59 GMT The Helping House, a Nacogdoches school for autistic children is putting the fun, in fundraising. More >> The Helping House, a Nacogdoches school for autistic children is putting the fun, in fundraising.More >> Volunteers work to make Nacogdoches' Millard's Crossing even more picturesque Volunteers work to make Nacogdoches' Millard's Crossing even more picturesque Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:47 PM EST2017-01-27 23:47:38 GMT The already scenic Millard's Crossing Historic Village in Nacogdoches is tonight even more picturesque. More >> The already scenic Millard's Crossing Historic Village in Nacogdoches is tonight even more picturesque.More >> Body found in car in Newton County; believed to be missing man Body found in car in Newton County; believed to be missing man Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:44 PM EST2017-01-27 23:44:44 GMT Officers with the Newton County Sheriff’s Department have discovered a car near Bon Wier, which they believe could contain the body of a man who was recently reported missing in the area. More >> Officers with the Newton County Sheriff’s Department have discovered a car near Bon Wier, which they believe could contain the body of a man who was recently reported missing in the area.More >>    Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Top Local Stories Metro Detroit weather: Scattered snow showers this weekend Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Cool start in the upper 20s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Colder evening brings snowflakes, raindrops Weather Getty Images Super Bowl quiz: Should you root for the Patriots or the Falcons? Sports Metro Detroit forecast: Rain and snow showers early Weather Metro Detroit weather: Rain turns to snow overnight Weather Metro Detroit weather: When does next snow arrive? Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Early morning showers with temps in the 30s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures stay mild Wednesday Weather UM reveals new process for renaming facilities on campus News Getty Images Investigators seek tips about Upper Peninsula wolf poaching News Metro Detroit forecast: Light rain with temps in the 30s Weather National How Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work By JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK, Associated Press Posted: 8:18 PM, January 26, 2017 Updated: 8:18 PM, January 26, 2017 More National Headlines Trump wants tax to pay for border wall VIDEO: Shia LaBeouf arrested at his anti-Trump art installation Trump stopping refugee processing for Syrians WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: Is it a tax, a tariff, or something else? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. What does this mean for Americans? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Would Mexico really be paying? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Would it raise enough money to pay for the wall? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Is it illegal? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. How would it affect the economy? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Do Republicans like Trump's plan? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. What other ways could Trump get Mexico to pay? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More Ask Emily: How to cope with Covered California glitches Do you like to get high? This dating coach says you should find a partner who does, too 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 27-29) Legal vs. illegal pot shops: Lawsuit alleges one can put the other out of business The NHL 100: Hockey's greatest players honored in centennial Ducks' Ryan Kesler exceeds expectations and it makes him an All-Star Clippers 'need' to beat Warriors; do they 'need' to trade for Carmelo Anthony? Tiger Woods' return is cut short as he misses cut at Farmers Insurance Open Ask Emily: How to cope with Covered California glitches When interest rates become important Blue Gate Bank, county's first new institution since 2009, opens in Costa Mesa Ex-owners of Register, Press-Enterprise sued by creditors Pacific Symphony to move summer concerts to OC Fairgrounds Maverick sets up a non-campy 'Little Shop of Horrors' Why Heather Dubrow is leaving 'Real Housewives of Orange County' House of Blues Anaheim's music line-up is flush with talent Top news News How would Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall work? Jan. 26, 2017 Updated Jan. 27, 2017 11:45 a.m. 1 of 3 People look out towards where a border structure separates San Diego, right, from Tijuana, Mexico, left, Wednesday. Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto on Thursday cancelled a planned Jan. 31 meeting with President Donald Trump, hours after Trump tweeted that the meeting should be scrapped if Mexico won't pay for the wall.(AP Photo/Julie Watson) 1 of 3 A front page newspaper headline reads "He did it!" over a picture of U.S. President Donald Trump holding up signed documents, as he took action to jumpstart construction on a promised border wall, in Mexico City, Thursday .(AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell) 1 of 3 An agent of the border patrol, observes near the Mexico-US border fence, on the Mexican side, separating the towns of Anapra, Mexico and Sunland Park, New Mexico, Wednesday. (AP Photo/Christian Torres) , View slideshow People look out towards where a border structure separates San Diego, right, from Tijuana, Mexico, left, Wednesday. Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto on Thursday cancelled a planned Jan. 31 meeting with President Donald Trump, hours after Trump tweeted that the meeting should be scrapped if Mexico won't pay for the wall.(AP Photo/Julie Watson) By JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK / The Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF RELATED: UCI professor to lead new trade council for Trump WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump’s proposal still has to work out: Q. Is it a tax, a tariff or something else? A. It’s unclear. The White House said Congress’ tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called “border adjustment.” Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies’ exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn’t like the “border adjustment” idea. Q. What does this mean for Americans? A. Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car’s parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here’s the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. Q. Would Mexico really be paying? A. Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall’s costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn’t necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he’s OK with being “reimbursed” at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. Q. Would it raise enough money to pay for the wall A. Probably. Various estimates put the wall’s cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. Q. Is it legal? A. To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. Q. How would this affect the economy A. A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver “huge economic benefits.” With so much of the plan ill-defined, it’s impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. Q. Do Republicans like Trump’s plan? A. Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a “tax on Americans to pay for the wall.” Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was “mucho sad” and that “any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea.” Even Trump’s pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. Q. What other ways could Trump get Mexico go pay? A. During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Why Heather Dubrow is leaving 'Real Housewives of Orange County' Man stabbed multiple times at Lake Forest apartment complex; suspect at large After 25 years at MainPlace, Olive Garden plans to close and relocate Drought no more? Orange County got a year's water supply in 4 days and reservoirs are ful How Big 5 Sporting Goods is succeeding where other sporting goods stores have failed User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Ask Emily: How to cope with Covered California glitches Do you like to get high? This dating coach says you should find a partner who does, too 15 things to do in Orange County this weekend (Jan. 27-29) Legal vs. illegal pot shops: Lawsuit alleges one can put the other out of business The NHL 100: Hockey's greatest players honored in centennial Ducks' Ryan Kesler exceeds expectations and it makes him an All-Star Clippers 'need' to beat Warriors; do they 'need' to trade for Carmelo Anthony? Tiger Woods' return is cut short as he misses cut at Farmers Insurance Open Ask Emily: How to cope with Covered California glitches When interest rates become important Blue Gate Bank, county's first new institution since 2009, opens in Costa Mesa Ex-owners of Register, Press-Enterprise sued by creditors Pacific Symphony to move summer concerts to OC Fairgrounds Maverick sets up a non-campy 'Little Shop of Horrors' Why Heather Dubrow is leaving 'Real Housewives of Orange County' House of Blues Anaheim's music line-up is flush with talent Top news Education » A birthday card with 700 signatures for a beloved library volunteer UC Irvine converting to all-electric buses Centralia school district in Buena Park will serve locally sourced meals at least once a week BUSINESS » Ask Emily: How to cope with Covered California glitches When interest rates become important Blue Gate Bank, county's first new institution since 2009, opens in Costa Mesa O.C. Watchdog » A nuclear disposal plan may be closer for San Onofre, other sites A smart guide to donating your car to charity Inhumane or saving lives? Why dog blood banks are being criticized Health Care » State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence ENTERTAINMENT » Pacific Symphony to move summer concerts to OC Fairgrounds Maverick sets up a non-campy 'Little Shop of Horrors' Why Heather Dubrow is leaving 'Real Housewives of Orange County' Food » After 25 years at MainPlace, Olive Garden plans to close and relocate Top Chef recap: Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung shows her sneaky, wild side Best Vietnamese food in Little Saigon: The top 25 dishes to eat TELEVISION » Why Heather Dubrow is leaving 'Real Housewives of Orange County' Barbara Hale, who played Della Street on 'Perry Mason,' dies at 94 Mary Tyler Moore remembered as a role model for women in namesake TV show Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia TRUMP AND TWITTER » FOCUS: Where President Trump and Twitter rank in social media HOLOCAUST » FOCUS: The size and scope of the Holocaust CARTOONS » Cartoons: Mary Tyler Moore 1936 - 2017 SLIDESHOW » Immigrants rights activists rally against Trump orders TRUMP'S WALL » FOCUS: The U.S. border and sanctuary cities CARTOONS » Cartoons: Building the wall Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. STRATEGY New American Reality: From Assimilation To Cross-Cultural Interdependency Multiculturalism and its impact on the U.S. marketing industry. By Yuriy Boykiv Yuriy Boykiv is the co-founder and CEO of Gravity Media, a full-service advertising agency that helps brands connect with multicultural and international consumers. Connect with Yuriy on Twitter. @bojkiw Co-founder and CEO, Gravity Media@bojkiw WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement When the world woke up on December 21, 2010, many in the marketing and advertising world were faced with the realization that America's multicultural population was making a shift. This was the day when the U.S. Census conducted the first press conference titled The New Portrait Of America, which proudly announced that by 2050 the U.S. majority population would be represented by minorities. Fast forward two years later, the date was adjusted to 2044, and as of 2017 the shift is believed to arrive much earlier. The Census also confirmed that 38% of Americans are multicultural, 40 million are foreign-born and Hispanics represent 18% of the population. After the initial hype died down, major ad agencies around the country returned to their comfort zone and continued along with business as usual. However, seeing the obvious potential, marketers (clients) had a different idea. Equipped with data that followed the U.S. Census 2010 release, they began building internal multicultural centers of excellence and hiring small and nimble multicultural agencies to reach Hispanic, African-American and Asian-American consumers. A few years later, the advertising giants caught on to the phenomenon and started shuffling around their business models. Today, most of the major multicultural players have either been acquired by the big guys or closed up shop, leaving less than a dozen independent agencies still in business. While the multicultural market was booming, misunderstandings on how to market to the non-mainstream consumer had become widespread. Total Market conundrum In 2010, to help explain multicultural marketing, Jeff Bowman, former Ogilvy executive, introduced the term Total Market. According to The Association of National Advertisers (ANA), Total Market is "a marketing approach followed by corporations with their trusted internal and external partners which proactively integrates diverse segment considerations. This is done from inception, through the entire strategic process and execution, with the goal of enhancing value and growth effectiveness. In marketing communications this could lead to either one fully integrated cross-cultural approach, individual segment approaches, or both in many cases, but always aligned under one overarching strategy." In essence, it is an all-inclusive approach to marketing where multicultural consumer insights are included at the strategy formation stage--not up for consideration at a later stage of planning. The idea of the Total Market was not new as many clients have discussed it internally and with their agencies in the past. According to ANA, 54% of U.S. marketers adapted this approach, including Walmart, McDonald's, Wells Fargo and Western Union. In practice, these brands were looking for common denominators that cross-over between White, Hispanic, African-American and Asian consumers and then used a variety of media vehicles to communicate the message, where necessary, with cultural nuances. In-language creative The obvious question is, if we are looking for common denominators, do cultural nuances matter? Moreover, does language in which we communicate matter? At a time when 85% of Americans are English-proficient, marketers and agencies have been questioning whether it makes sense to communicate to ethnic groups in their native language. Are the more than 1,000 in-language U.S. media companies (across TV, print, radio and digital properties) necessary and should we rely more heavily on the English-language sources? According to AdAge's Hispanic Fact there was $7.8B spent on Hispanic media in 2016, representing 5% of the total U.S. ad spend. Research shows that in-language media is, at least in the eyes of American advertisers, still an important vehicle to reach multicultural consumers. When it comes to in-language messaging, Courtney Jones, VP of Multicultural Growth and Strategy at Nielsen, references Nielsen's recent study "The Bilingual Brain." Utilizing Nielsen's neuroscience technology, Nielsen, Univision and SMG Multicultural collaborated to study language preferences and their impact on advertising to bi-lingual millennials. According to the report, when comparing the neurological effectiveness of identical advertisements in both Spanish and English, the Spanish-version performed the same or better than its English counterpart. Of the eight ads tested, no English ad performed significantly better than the same ad in Spanish. Jones reveals that the results prove that bi-lingual millennials appreciate in-language messages, especially when a brand is trying to use emotion in advertisements. Tide took a risk and went the extra mile with its Abuela campaign using both English and Spanish in the same commercial, which aired on CNN in 2013. Albeit controversial for the general audience, according to The Latino Rebels blog, the spot was well received by the Hispanic bi-lingual community. Cross-cultural interdependency The next stage in the multicultural evolution might be the idea of cross-cultural interdependency. Because most multicultural consumers do not live in isolation, new cultures are formed all the time. From fusion restaurants, such as Mexi Kosher in LA and NY, and new TV offerings to startups like DramaFever (owned by Warner Bros), who discovered that Hispanics represent a significant portion of their audience thus they created an online offering of Korean and Latino dramas with Spanish subtitles. To provide additional support to their clients in the perishable food industry, Nielsen acquired Perishable Group , a division responsible for identifying new trends and tastes of the multicultural nation. According to Jones, as the nation's demographics change, tastes change as well. For example, Nielsen has been working with one of its clients on studying pork belly, which has been a food staple in many Asian cultures. According to National Pork Board, pork belly has become very popular among chefs across America and is being seen as an upward trending product for the wider total market audience. The ability to predict wider trends with other products is what American fast-moving consumer good companies are looking for. Nielsen and EthniFacts also developed Intercultural Affinity Segmentation model to help clients size the opportunity within various multicultural groups. One example in their research looked at a product's Hispanic size of the prize using traditional segmentation models and found that the growth potential was 15.5% of U.S. households. Using the intercultural affinity model and including adjacent consumers of other races and ethnicities, the potential grew to 42.5% of households. Whether marketers are using Simmons, Nielsen, Audience M, or any other tool to determine their multicultural opportunity, one fact remains constant - America's diverse population will be playing a much more important role in the world of marketing and advertising. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Jan 26, 2017 Advertisement
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 29° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 27° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Inauguration Sevier County wildfires Latest Headlines Man arrested for Cheatham County murder January 27, 2017 Stepputat has been charged him with one count of felony murder and one count of theft over $2,500. 4 injured in 2-car crash on Murfreesboro Pike January 27, 2017 It happened at 8 p.m. on Murfreesboro Pike and Harding Place. John Hurt, Oscar nominated for ‘The Elephant Man’ dies at 77 January 27, 2017 Construction worker injured while working on I-440 January 27, 2017 Runaway cow that authorities chased for hours captured on Austin Peay Campus January 27, 2017 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 29° F Clear Feels Like: 24° F Wind: S 5 Humidity: 67% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 5:08 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Latest Headlines Todd Helton joins Tennessee baseball January 27, 2017 Helton is the first player from the Colorado Rockies to have his jersey No. 17 retired at Coors Field. Motocross racing comes to Nashville this weekend January 27, 2017 AMSOIL Arenacross, the official feeder system for Monster Energy Supercross, is hosting the event at the Bridgestone Arena. Nashville Predators raise awareness about domestic violence January 26, 2017 Mayor supports bringing MLS to Nashville, says fairgrounds good for stadium January 26, 2017 Brent Musburger is retiring from sportscasting at age 77 January 25, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 29° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 27° F Murfreesboro Walmart evacuated after bomb threat WKRN web staff Published: January 26, 2017, 6:41 pm Updated: January 26, 2017, 8:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) MURFREESBORO, Tenn. (WKRN) – A Walmart in Murfreesboro was evacuated Thursday night after the store received a bomb threat. It happened around 5:10 p.m. at the location on 2900 South Rutherford Boulevard. Shoppers and workers were told to leave the store while authorities made sure the building was safe. The Murfreesboro Police Department and the Tennessee Highway Patrol were on the scene, but nothing suspicious was found. Employees and shoppers have since been allowed back inside. No other details about the incident were released.   Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Jewish community centers around country, including Nashville, receive threats Man charged after shots fired at Murfreesboro Kroger Mt. Juliet police investigate phoned-in bomb threat at Gander Mountain South bracing for more severe storms, rain Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis report to air on Feb. 2 Click here for details. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Idaho man pleads guilty to federal hate crime for killing gay man he met on backpage.com   Idaho man pleads guilty to federal hate crime for killing gay man THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Thursday, January 26, 2017, 6:55 PM facebook Tweet email Kelly Schneider, 23, to plead guilty to a federal hate crime in the death of Steven Nelson. (Canyon County Sheriff's Office) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Thursday, January 26, 2017, 6:55 PM BOISE, Idaho — An Idaho man has agreed to plead guilty to a federal hate crime in the death of a gay man in exchange for a chance at a 28-year sentence instead of life in prison. Kelly Schneider, 23, acknowledges in court documents he lured victim Steven Nelson to a remote area and used steel-toed boots to kick Nelson roughly two-dozen times while Nelson begged for his life. The plea agreement document filed in Boise's U.S. District Court on Wednesday outlines the details of the crime. On April 27, 2016, according to the document, Schneider posted a solicitation for sex on Backpage.com, along with a shirtless photo of himself. Idaho man who fatally beat gay man charged with hate crime Nelson responded to the posting, and the two met that same night. Though Schneider took Nelson's money, the two didn't engage in any sexual acts, according to the plea agreement. "Before the encounter, the defendant told his friends that he was not gay and would not let anyone who was gay touch him," U.S. Attorney Wendy Olson wrote in the plea agreement. Schneider contacted Nelson and agreed to meet him at a local Wal-Mart parking lot. There, he asked Nelson to drive to an isolated wildlife area outside of town for a romantic encounter. Unbeknownst to Nelson, however, Schneider planned a robbery and had two of friends lying in wait at the wildlife area in case Nelson resisted. Skeletal remains found in Tenn. identified as missing soldier Kelly Schneider, 23, to plead guilty to a federal hate crime in the death of Steven Nelson (pictured). (Boise State University) Schneider began beating Nelson as soon as they arrived, and Nelson never resisted, according to the plea agreement. Instead, he volunteered his ATM number and begged for his life, saying, "Please don't kill me. Take whatever you want," Olson wrote. As Schneider's friends remained hidden, Schneider kicked and beat Nelson while taunting him with a gay slur. Then he stripped Nelson and left him at the wildlife area, driving away in Nelson's car. Despite being critically injured, Nelson managed to make it to a house about a half-mile away to get help. He was able to describe the attack to police before he died in a hospital a few hours later. Cops cuff drug dealers using Kennedy Shriver family's house Prosecutors have agreed to ask a judge to sentence Schneider to 28 years in prison, to be served at the same time as any sentence Schneider gets in Idaho state court, where he has already pleaded guilty to Nelson's murder. Nelson faces up to life in prison on the state murder charge. Three other men — Jayson Woods, 28; Kevin R. Tracy, 21; and Daniel Henkel, 23 — have also been charged with murder in state court in connection with Nelson's death. They're awaiting trial. Tags: idaho hate crimes lgbt news Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column Trump's plan to tax Mexican imports will create a whole new set of winners and losers, including consumers Donald Trump Matt Rourke / Associated Press President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and House Speaker Paul Ryan engage in a not-too-awkward greeting at Thursday's Republican retreat in Philadelphia. President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and House Speaker Paul Ryan engage in a not-too-awkward greeting at Thursday's Republican retreat in Philadelphia. (Matt Rourke / Associated Press) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter President Trump threw trade experts for another loop Thursday by endorsing — or seeming to endorse — a new tax system for imports and exports that he said would “reduce our trade deficits (and) increase American exports.” Not so incidentally, he also said it “will generate revenue from Mexico that will pay for the wall.”  The tax would help pay for the wall he intends to build on the Mexican border to keep illegal immigrants out, which is estimated to cost as much as $14 billion.  He appeared to be buying into a proposal by House Republicans for a “border adjustment tax,” though his spokesman later said it was one of several options being considered. Under that plan, exports from the United States would be tax-exempt, but imports would be taxed at the border. This would tend to discourage imports by making them more expensive for American buyers, and make American goods cheaper to sell overseas, with a goal of whittling away at the nation’s annual trade deficit of more than $330 billion. [The border adjustment tax] will be seen by other countries and the World Trade Organization as a protectionist act that violates U.S. treaty obligations. — Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers Trump spokesman Sean Spicer talked about a 20% import levy on Mexico, but he may have been referring to the House Republicans’ goal to cut the U.S. corporate tax rate to 20%. That would be the residual tax rate on imports, as well as to domestic goods sold in the U.S. Only U.S.-made goods exported abroad would be exempt. And that’s not the only element of the plan that’s unclear. Here are some questions and answers about Trump’s plan specifically and the border adjustment tax in general. How does the border adjustment tax work? In simplest terms, the House proposal would change the basis of the corporate tax from where a company is located or where its goods are produced to where its products are used.   In other words, a gadget produced in the U.S. and exported to, say, the Netherlands would be tax-exempt. But a smartphone produced in China, whether by Apple or China’s Xiaomi, would be taxed when it’s imported into the U.S. Will President Trump run roughshod over business expectations in 2017? Michael Hiltzik Business and the investment markets, it is often said, hate uncertainty. If that’s true, they’re going to absolutely abhor 2017. Almost every new presidential administration that comes into office holds some of its plans and policies close to the vest, generally to maintain some flexibility of... Business and the investment markets, it is often said, hate uncertainty. If that’s true, they’re going to absolutely abhor 2017. Almost every new presidential administration that comes into office holds some of its plans and policies close to the vest, generally to maintain some flexibility of... (Michael Hiltzik) How does this change business behavior? Theoretically, it removes the incentive of American companies to relocate their tax homes overseas, the controversial process known as inversion. The location of the company or its factory wouldn’t matter, just the place it’s selling its goods. “Tax considerations thus would not influence business decisions as much as they do today,” observed tax expert Edward Kleinbard of USC in a recent op-ed in The Times. The change, he added, “would largely eradicate the ‘stateless income’ tax planning games through which U.S. multinationals carry on their books more than $2.5 trillion in very-low-taxed offshore earnings, at the expense of the United States and other countries where those firms are actually doing business.” Who would be the business winners and losers from a border adjustment tax? In general the big winners would be export-oriented U.S. companies. Think Boeing, which exports most of its aircraft overseas, and therefore might be in a better position to compete with foreign plane manufacturers such as Airbus. Retailers, oil companies, automobile manufacturers and consumer goods manufacturers would be losers. They’re all dependent on imports. Department stores sell garments and furniture made overseas, which is why Wal-Mart is prominent among the opponents. Although the U.S. is no longer a net importer of oil, it’s still a major importer. Auto companies build their cars with foreign-sourced parts. Consumer gadgets sold in the U.S., such as computers and smartphones, are made in foreign factories, which would render them taxable at the border Forget the squalling baby; Trump's comments about China on Tuesday were the worse tantrum Michael Hiltzik The big news takeaway from Donald Trump’s rally Tuesday in Ashburn, Va., was that he got irritated by a crying baby and ordered the tot and its mother out of the hall. This was sadly typical of the tendency of the Trump campaign press — and let’s face it, the rest of us — to be distracted by the... The big news takeaway from Donald Trump’s rally Tuesday in Ashburn, Va., was that he got irritated by a crying baby and ordered the tot and its mother out of the hall. This was sadly typical of the tendency of the Trump campaign press — and let’s face it, the rest of us — to be distracted by the... (Michael Hiltzik) How would consumers fare? It’s likely they’ll pay more at the gas pump, more for autos and more for items such as clothing, which are mostly made from imported material and by foreign labor.  Some advocates of the border adjustment tax say that consumers may not pay a noticeable increase. Their theory is that the change would raise the value of the U.S. dollar, which would reduce the cost of imported goods in dollar terms.  Kleinbard isn’t so sure. If the dollar rises, he wrote, “Wal-Mart shoppers will pay the same prices after the ‘border adjustable’ tax as they do today, and exporters will export the same amount of goods and services.” But that assumes that currency rates follow the economic textbooks. If they don’t, the consequences could be dire. “The tax’s burden will fall on consumers through higher prices, rather than on corporate profits,” he wrote. (He adds that if the dollar does rise, U.S. investors holding foreign assets could get hammered. They could “lose trillions of dollars in wealth, because their investments suddenly will be worth less in dollar terms. By voting for this radical reform, politicians may be putting their careers into the hands of the currency markets.”) Would this be good for the U.S. Treasury? Proponents say yes, because imports, which would be taxable, currently exceed exports, which would be tax-exempt. By some reckoning, the gain would be $1.2 trillion over 10 years.  How do liberals and conservatives see this change? Surprisingly, economic thinkers are more in agreement with each other than one might expect. Economists at both ends of the economic spectrum have argued that border adjustment, in principle, might work to the advantage of both shareholders and workers.  The corporate tax is typically seen as a burden on capital — that is, shareholders — so conservatives think that reducing it will be good for the free market. But America’s current tax structure encourages companies to invest in lower-tax countries, which shifts “at least some of the corporate tax burden to domestic U.S. labor,” economist Alan J. Auerbach of UC Berkeley wrote for the liberal Center for American Progress in 2010. The change in tax structure, he argued, could relieve downward pressure on wages and salaries. Does this make Mexico a target of trade policy? Mexico would be a target of this policy only to the extent that it’s a net exporter to the U.S. But that’s a category that includes most of America’s trade partners, not just Mexico.  Mexico’s $59-billion trade surplus with the U.S. — the amount by which its America-bound export exceed its imports — ranked fourth in 2016, after China ($319 billion), Japan ($63 billion) and Germany ($60 billion). Even among trading partners that import more from America than they export, the mismatch is much smaller: The biggest trade deficits among American trading partners were those of Hong Kong ($25 billion) and the Netherlands ($22 billion). Is this even legal? Considerable debate exists about how the House proposal conforms to international trade law. A unilateral attack on the Mexican trade deficit would surely violate NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement, which Trump says he want to renegotiate. Some trade experts say there are other legal obstacles. “It appears unlikely that such border adjustments would be permissible under current international trade law,” says the Tax Policy Center, citing World Trade Organization Law. Kleinbard observed that conflicts between the new policy and WTO law would “defy any simple fix” and present “a recipe for years of dispute, business uncertainty and potential retaliatory tariffs.” In other words, it’s not a change to be made hastily. Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers shares those doubts. Writing in the Financial Times on Jan. 8, he predicted that the change in tax structure “will be seen by other countries and the World Trade Organization as a protectionist act that violates U.S. treaty obligations. Proponents may argue that it should be legal because it is like a value added tax, but the WTO is very clear that income taxes cannot discriminate to favor exports.” While the WTO ponders the legalities, he wrote, “protectionist acts by other nations would be licensed immediately.” How would this pay for Trump’s wall? That’s the $14-billion question. The answer is that it wouldn’t, directly. Trump could say that he’s diverting the money for the wall out of the general gains from the import charges. But House tax-writers have acknowledged that their corporate tax changes will have to be revenue-neutral — that is, the revenue gains would have to be used dollar-for-dollar to pay for corporate tax cuts. Otherwise the change could be vulnerable to a Democratic filibuster in the Senate. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Mexico World Trade Organization Republican Party North American Free Trade Agreement January storms erase part of California's snowpack deficit Suspect arrested in double killing at Chinatown social club Trump signs order to temporarily shut nation's door to most refugees and start 'extreme vetting' Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 47°
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Columbine: 15 Years Later San Bernardino Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Jan 26 2017, 11:44 am ET Suspected Cop Killer Markeith Loyd Competent to Represent Himself, Judge Rules by Daniella Silva Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement A Florida man accused of killing his pregnant ex-wife, and then fatally shooting a police officer during a manhunt that left another cop dead, is competent enough to waive his right to a lawyer, a judge ruled on Thursday. Markeith Loyd, 41, appeared in an Orlando courtroom after telling the judge last week that he wanted to represent himself. He faces 11 charges, including two counts of first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder and killing of an unborn child by injury to the mother. Authorities accuse Loyd of fatally shooting his pregnant ex-wife Sade Dixon and wounding her brother during a domestic dispute on Dec. 13. Markeith Loyd, suspected of fatally shooting a Florida police officer, attends a court appearance, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017, at the Orange County Jail in Orlando, Fla. Red Huber / Orlando Sentinel via AP Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was shot and killed by Loyd after she responded to a sighting of him near a Walmart on Jan. 9. Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis was also killed in a crash as authorities pursued Loyd. Judge Frederick Lauten ruled Thursday that Loyd was competent to waive his right to counsel and represent himself after a series of questions in which Loyd often looked down and refused to respond . Related: Accused Orlando Cop Killer Markeith Loyd Makes First Court Appearance, Goes on Profane Tirade Loyd wore a bandage over his head covering his left eye in court, due to injuries sustained during his arrest, but answered a few basic questions including his age and level of education. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Accused Cop Killer Curses at Judge in Court 1:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/858423363735" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The judge said he was ruling not based on if Loyd's could adequately represent himself, but rather if he was competent enough to understand his decision and waive his own right to counsel. But Lauten urged Loyd to consider having an appointed attorney as the possible punishments he faces could be "life in prison or execution by lethal injection or otherwise." Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton is pictured in an image released by the Orlando Police. Orlando Police Department "I hope you'll carefully consider what we talked about and I would urge you to consider having a lawyer represent you," he warned. The ruling comes after one week after Loyd launched into a profanity laced tirade in court as he was ordered held on no bond. "Y'all making up (expletive) like I just went in there and shot this girl," Loyd ranted in front of the judge on Jan. 19, referring to ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon. The judge said Loyd could be denied the right to represent himself in a trial if he engaged in such outbursts or other aggressive behavior. Daniella Silva Twitter Email Topics U.S. news, Crime & Courts First Published Jan 26 2017, 11:44 am ET Next Story Chicago Police Department Goes High-Tech to Fight Rise in Killings advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 24° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Considerable cloudiness. Tonight Considerable cloudiness. Low 22F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 2 Pablo Martinez Monsivais White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to reporters on Air Force One en route to Andrews Air Force Base, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, from Philadelphia. Spicer says that taxing imports from Mexico would generate $10 billions a year and "easily pay for the wall." (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Rebecca Blackwell A man stops to read headlines, many featuring U.S. President Donald Trump's actions to jumpstart construction on a promised border wall and his insistence that Mexico will foot the bill, in Mexico City, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto on Thursday cancelled a planned Jan. 31 meeting with Trump, hours after Trump tweeted that the meeting should be scrapped if Mexico won't pay for the wall.(AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell) AP How Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work By JOSH LEDERMAN and JOSH BOAK Associated Press Jan 26, 2017 Updated 23 hrs ago 0 Pablo Martinez Monsivais White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks to reporters on Air Force One en route to Andrews Air Force Base, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, from Philadelphia. Spicer says that taxing imports from Mexico would generate $10 billions a year and "easily pay for the wall." (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Rebecca Blackwell A man stops to read headlines, many featuring U.S. President Donald Trump's actions to jumpstart construction on a promised border wall and his insistence that Mexico will foot the bill, in Mexico City, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto on Thursday cancelled a planned Jan. 31 meeting with Trump, hours after Trump tweeted that the meeting should be scrapped if Mexico won't pay for the wall.(AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell) WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Politics Business Government And Politics International Trade Economy Visible Trade Global Trade Trade Policy Economic Policy Government Business And Finance Government Policy National Taxes Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance National Governments Free Trade Legislature Tax Reform × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. TELL US WHAT YOU THINK Are you concerned about voting rights? You voted: Very concerned Somewhat concerned Not very concerned Vote View Results Back The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite +16 A look at Trump's executive order on refugees, immigration Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists +10 Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows Pence, Conway cheer on March for Life Trump: We don't want them here McCaul: Trump to freeze Syrian refugee program What will Trump and Putin discuss during call? Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks +2 Latest Local Offers Let us insulate your old home for Winter! Call Urethane Systems LLC today at 608-526-2101 Fiberglass insula… Urethane Systems LLC 640 Commerce St, Holmen, WI 54636 608-526-2101 Ads The products you need and the service you deserve. Winona National Bank. Our Downtown location is 204 Main street Winona, MN 55987 or call us at (507)-454-4392! Winona National Bank Downtown Office - 204 Main Street, P.O. Box 499, Winona, MN 55987 507-454-8800 Ads News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Idaho man pleads guilty to federal hate crime for killing gay man he met on backpage.com   Idaho man pleads guilty to federal hate crime for killing gay man THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Thursday, January 26, 2017, 6:55 PM facebook Tweet email Kelly Schneider, 23, to plead guilty to a federal hate crime in the death of Steven Nelson. (Canyon County Sheriff's Office) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Thursday, January 26, 2017, 6:55 PM BOISE, Idaho — An Idaho man has agreed to plead guilty to a federal hate crime in the death of a gay man in exchange for a chance at a 28-year sentence instead of life in prison. Kelly Schneider, 23, acknowledges in court documents he lured victim Steven Nelson to a remote area and used steel-toed boots to kick Nelson roughly two-dozen times while Nelson begged for his life. The plea agreement document filed in Boise's U.S. District Court on Wednesday outlines the details of the crime. On April 27, 2016, according to the document, Schneider posted a solicitation for sex on Backpage.com, along with a shirtless photo of himself. Idaho man who fatally beat gay man charged with hate crime Nelson responded to the posting, and the two met that same night. Though Schneider took Nelson's money, the two didn't engage in any sexual acts, according to the plea agreement. "Before the encounter, the defendant told his friends that he was not gay and would not let anyone who was gay touch him," U.S. Attorney Wendy Olson wrote in the plea agreement. Schneider contacted Nelson and agreed to meet him at a local Wal-Mart parking lot. There, he asked Nelson to drive to an isolated wildlife area outside of town for a romantic encounter. Unbeknownst to Nelson, however, Schneider planned a robbery and had two of friends lying in wait at the wildlife area in case Nelson resisted. Skeletal remains found in Tenn. identified as missing soldier Kelly Schneider, 23, to plead guilty to a federal hate crime in the death of Steven Nelson (pictured). (Boise State University) Schneider began beating Nelson as soon as they arrived, and Nelson never resisted, according to the plea agreement. Instead, he volunteered his ATM number and begged for his life, saying, "Please don't kill me. Take whatever you want," Olson wrote. As Schneider's friends remained hidden, Schneider kicked and beat Nelson while taunting him with a gay slur. Then he stripped Nelson and left him at the wildlife area, driving away in Nelson's car. Despite being critically injured, Nelson managed to make it to a house about a half-mile away to get help. He was able to describe the attack to police before he died in a hospital a few hours later. Cops cuff drug dealers using Kennedy Shriver family's house Prosecutors have agreed to ask a judge to sentence Schneider to 28 years in prison, to be served at the same time as any sentence Schneider gets in Idaho state court, where he has already pleaded guilty to Nelson's murder. Nelson faces up to life in prison on the state murder charge. Three other men — Jayson Woods, 28; Kevin R. Tracy, 21; and Daniel Henkel, 23 — have also been charged with murder in state court in connection with Nelson's death. They're awaiting trial. Tags: idaho hate crimes lgbt news Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:24pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox How Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work 12:40 PM Friday Jan 27, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print International Politics World WASHINGTON (AP) " President Donald Trump is promising Mexico will pay for his massive border wall. On Thursday, his administration finally suggested how: a 20 percent tax on products imported from south of the border. The new measure could be part of a comprehensive tax reform package that Trump and Congress will work out, the White House said. But there was great ambiguity about the proposal. White House officials later clarified that the tax was but one possible way Trump could finance the wall. Much was left unanswered. Would Mexico be footing the bill or American consumers? What items would become more expensive? Is this even legal? Some of the details Trump's proposal still has to work out: IS IT A TAX, A TARIFF OR SOMETHING ELSE? It's unclear. The White House said Congress' tax overhaul would place a 20 percent tax on imports from any country enjoying a trade surplus with the United States. In other words, countries selling more goods and service to the U.S. than buying from it. The idea is to rebalance the playing field for U.S. companies by discouraging Americans from importing. The idea appears to overlap with a plan House Republicans are pushing called "border adjustment." Under this plan, the U.S. would refrain from taxing American companies' exports, but would tax imports. The new revenues are projected to top $1 trillion over a decade. The money had been envisioned as an offset for lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates, though House Republicans say it could also pay for a wall. Trump, however, recently said he didn't like the "border adjustment" idea. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR AMERICANS? Continued below. Related Content Rodney Hide: Waitangi Day a shemozzle Small businesses upbeat about year ahead Your views: Readers' letters Mexican products would become more expensive. That means pricier tequila, but also things Americans need: cars, eyeglasses and many basic groceries. A Toyota Camry? About $1,000 more, according to Jim Lentz, CEO of Toyota North America, noting that a quarter of the car's parts are imported. U.S. exporters are behind the House plan because it would reduce their taxes. Here's the flip side: Importers, including big retailers and consumer electronics firms, say the higher prices for Mexican products could hurt sales. And that means American jobs. Retailers such as Wal-Mart also could face higher tax burdens. WOULD MEXICO REALLY BE PAYING? Not quite. The U.S. could recoup some of the wall's costs by changing the tax and trade policies with Mexico. But the money wouldn't necessarily be coming from Mexican taxpayers or the Mexican government. While the tax would land first on companies exporting from Mexico, the costs would likely be passed on to consumers. That leaves Americans footing much of the likely bill. Trump has said he's OK with being "reimbursed" at a later point because he is keen to start building the wall immediately. WOULD IT RAISE ENOUGH MONEY TO PAY FOR THE WALL? Probably. Various estimates put the wall's cost at up to $15 billion. House Republicans expect their plan to pull in much more than that in its first year. They say that could easily cover the costs of the wall. IS IT LEGAL? To be determined. The U.S. has a range of obligations under the North American Free Trade Agreement and at the World Trade Organization. And Mexico is likely to challenge any new tax that penalizes its economy. Trump has said he plans to renegotiate NAFTA. Mexico, however, is under no obligation to soften the agreement for his sake. Other countries may also object, if their products and services are targeted. Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, said the border adjustment is essentially a tariff that would be struck down by the WTO if it targets Mexico. HOW WOULD THIS AFFECT THE ECONOMY? A topic of great dispute. The White House said the plan would increase U.S. wages, help U.S. businesses and consumers, and deliver "huge economic benefits." With so much of the plan ill-defined, it's impossible to substantiate those claims. Any turbulence in the U.S.-Mexican trade relationship could have implications for the entire world. Mexico is the second-largest exporter to the United States, after China. The United States imported roughly $271 billion of goods from Mexico during the first 11 months of 2016, according to the Commerce Department, and ran a trade deficit of almost $60 billion. DO REPUBLICANS LIKE TRUMP'S PLAN? Not all of them. Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan said on Twitter it would be a "tax on Americans to pay for the wall." Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he was "mucho sad" and that "any policy proposal which drives up costs of Corona, tequila or margaritas is a big-time bad idea." Even Trump's pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, dismissed the idea of using tariffs as a trade ploy. Republicans have traditionally hailed themselves as the party of free trade. WHAT OTHER WAYS COULD TRUMP GET MEXICO TO PAY? During the campaign, Trump floated a number of possibilities without committing to any in particular. He proposed changing a rule under the USA Patriot Act to block some of the roughly $25 billion in remittances that Mexicans living in the U.S. send home each year. He said he would refuse to free up the money until Mexico agrees to pay the U.S. between $5 billion and $10 billion. Opponents of that plan say Mexicans in the U.S. would likely find other ways to send money back. They could take cash with them when traveling, wire money to a non-Mexican bank or use off-the-books transfers that are difficult to police. Trump also suggested increasing visa fees for Mexicans to raise money, or canceling business and tourist visas issued to Mexicans until their country pays for the wall. ___ AP Business Writer Tom Krisher in Detroit and writers Erica Werner and Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington contributed to this report. ___ Reach Josh Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshboak Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Napier Boys' headmaster has school rebuild on agenda for new year Last year was both a "blur" and a "fantastic experience" for Napier Boys' High School… Bay of Plenty Times Mount lead Eastern Region champs Mt Maunganui have pulled out to an early lead during the first day of competition at… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Armstrong survives Hampton Downs chaos to win again Kiwi Marcus Armstrong takes second win of 2017 Toyota Racing Series season at Hampton… Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 28 Jan 2017 22:24:48 Processing Time: 776ms
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive The Wemstroms: Automation is the future; how will we adapt? Thursday Jan 26, 2017 at 5:59 PM Jan 26, 2017 at 5:59 PM By Chuck and Pat Wemstrom One of the clichés, sound bites, of the last election is that liberals are elitists who have lost touch with white working class men and women and their employment prospects, and that is why liberals lost the election. This is just another example of how difficult it is to have a meaningful discussion about politics in America. Americans seem so caught up in the sound bite that it has reached the point where many people don’t even know what they’re talking about. It’s not about coal miners’ jobs; it’s about black lung disease, it’s about environmental degradation and climate change. Mining jobs are toast, not because of Obama’s EPA but because of the cheap cost of natural gas. Sometimes America’s data are outdated. Mexican immigrants are not pouring across the border stealing our jobs; actually more are leaving or were expelled by Obama than are coming to the U.S. Trump’s biggest hoax was “China stole our jobs and I’m going to bring them back.” Nonsense. Nike, Apple, Walmart, the Gap, Levi’s, Target and Victoria’s Secret and on and on partnered with China. And those jobs are gone forever. However, many of the jobs were lost not to China but to automation, and even China is worried about automation. The robot is stealing everyone’s job. Last summer, Amazon used 30,000 robots in its warehouses. This Christmas they used 45,000. And the jobs Amazon does have pay on average 15 percent less than other warehouse jobs. So even if Amazon hires more workers, they are poorly paid. Automation is the future and we're not even talking about it. Soon self-driving combines will harvest the corn and bean crop and load the grain onto self-driving trucks. Soon robots will be milking the cows, helping to produce a still bigger worldwide surplus of milk. The number of people still in agriculture will be cut again. Trump and Clinton and even Sanders said that rebuilding America’s infrastructure will create jobs. It will; it will create thousands of jobs, not millions. And Americans should be talking about what kind of roads — more roads for standard cars or fewer but better roads for driverless e-cars and trucks. This of course will mean fewer jobs for automakers, truck drivers, gas station owners and auto sales persons. Economists have been saying for a long time there will never be anything close to full employment again. We wish that the Americans had the patience for a detailed discussion of the meaning and implications of that statement. The candidates should have been talking about contingent workers, employees who work for an organization but are not considered permanent employees. Contingent workers are also known as freelancers, consultants, seasonal or temporary employees and independent contractors. They have lower job satisfaction and they work for less pay per hour, and earn fewer benefits. Uber drivers and adjunct university instructors are two examples. Everyone is excited about Uber except the drivers who leave within a year, having been lied to by their employers. But Uber knows the future is driverless Uber vehicles — another people-less industry. When we do try to have discussions, they border on the mindless. It doesn’t matter if Mexico, Japan, the U.S. or Canada make American autos. The auto industry, because of Uber and ride-sharing options (not to mention climate change), will be making fewer and fewer cars in the future. We need more thoughtful, better-informed discussions. We need to include European ideas in our plans. Europe has lots of ideas we should consider. China too is worried. The world, acting together, needs to face the future together. Chuck and Pat Wemstrom live in rural Mount Carroll. Reach them at patandchuck@gmail.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
