Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals Walmart to Offer Extra Savings to Shoppers Who Pick up Online Orders Karla Bowsher April 12, 2017 Photo by Tupungato / Shutterstock.com Walmart to Offer Extra Savings to Shoppers Who Pick up Online Orders 0 Walmart has created another way for you to save money. Called a “pickup discount,” it’s an additional price break on certain items that are sold only online, Walmart announced Wednesday. To get the discount, order eligible items online and opt to have them shipped to a Walmart store rather than your home. You then pick up the items at the store. This news comes a few months after Walmart started offering free two-day shipping for online purchases, with no membership fee necessary anymore, and lowered the minimum purchase amount required to qualify for free shipping from $50 to $35. Walmart’s new pickup discounts will be available starting April 19 for about 10,000 items. By the end of June, they will be available for more than 1 million of “the most popular items,” according to the announcement. Product descriptions for items that are eligible for the discount will be marked with the words “Pickup Discount” on Walmart’s website. Here are a few examples of what you can expect to save: Britax B-SAFE 35 Infant Car Seat, Slate Strie: $148.05 online price – $7.40 pickup discount = $140.65 final price LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry, 60119: $23.99 – $2.55 = $21.44 Coleman 150-quart Heritage XP Marine Cooler: $111.49 – $4.46 = $107.03 VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70″ Class 4K Ultra HDTV (M70-D3): $1,698 – $50 = $1,648 Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart’s U.S. eCommerce division, explains in the announcement that Walmart is able to offer additional discounts to customers willing to pick up eligible online orders in stores because it saves Walmart last-mile delivery costs. Those costs represent the bulk of the costs of shipping products directly to customers’ homes. Lore continues: “This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings.” Another advantage of this program is that, because you are shopping online, you can also save money — on top of the pickup discount — by using a cash-back portal like Ebates. Check out “4 Websites That Pay You to Go Shopping” to learn more about how cash-back portals work. Would you be willing to pick up an online order at a brick-and-mortar store if it meant saving a few extra bucks? Let us know what you think below or on our Facebook page. Disclosure: The information you read here is always objective. However, we sometimes receive compensation when you click links within our stories. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 349,308 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit Three Simple Steps to Save 10 Percent or More On Every Online Purchase If you’re not following these simple tips, you’re wasting money every time you buy something online. 10 Strategies to Save Big Bucks on Amazon If you shop the world’s largest online mall, you need to learn a few tricks that can save you 10 percent or more on every Amazon purchase. Added bonus: Get free two-day shipping for the holidays and free HBO for a month. Easy, Dirt-Cheap Ways to Make Laundry Detergent Do you really need to use as much laundry detergent as called for on the container? Do you need to use laundry detergent at all? Check out our findings. Federal Reserve 'Surprise' Means You Must Tackle These 3 Debts Now 7 Airlines Most Likely to Offer Rewards for Bumping You From Flights 10 States With Free or Cheap College Tuition 10 Hotel Chains That Offer Discounted Rates to Retirees 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 (or Lots More!) Here’s How You Can Actually Get Paid to Lose Weight How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free Comments Walmart to Offer Extra Savings to Shoppers Who Pick up Online Orders Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 349,308 happy subscribers 119,956 12,070 Must Read Trending Articles 1 7 Ways You Can Shop at Costco Without a Membership 2 Easy, Dirt-Cheap Ways to Make Laundry Detergent 3 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 (or Lots More!) 4 How I Got a Perfect 850 FICO Credit Score 5 How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing Most Popular Earn Up to $2,700 a Year Watching Videos, Answering Surveys 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 (or Lots More!) How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing Where to Sell Your Stuff for Top Dollar 7 Ways to Build Willpower That Creates Success Cheap Car Care That Pays Off Big Down the Road 8 Creative Ways to Clear Clutter How a Mexican Tariff Will Boost the Cost of 6 Common Purchases It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 349,308 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 349,308 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 119,956 12,070
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Animal expressions J. Geils had long been estranged from the band bearing his name Jurors in Aaron Hernandez double murder trial face fourth day of deliberations Brad Marchand’s late goal lifts Bruins in Game 1 Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Walmart to discount 1 million Web items picked up in store E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share ALAN DIAZ/ASSOCIATED PRESS Some online items would be cheaper if customers pick them up at a store. By Matthew Boyle Bloomberg News  April 13, 2017 LONDON — Walmart will offer discounts on more than a million online-only items that customers then pick up at stores, part of an effort by the world’s largest retailer to challenge Amazon.com Inc. Taking another page from the Jet.com business it bought last year, Walmart will first cut prices on about 10,000 Web-only items such as Britax car seats and Lego toys, according to a statement. The program, which starts on April 19, will expand to more than a million so-called “long tail” items by the end of June, the company said. Advertisement The effort builds on Jet’s Smart Card business model, which provides discounts to customers who package items together or forgo returns. “We are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Wal-Mart’s operational efficiency,” Marc Lore, head of Walmart’s e-commerce business, said in the statement. “Quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings.” Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here The move is Lore’s latest step to check Amazon’s growing online dominance and shows how he’s keen to meld Jet’s innovations with Walmart’s 4,700-store network. Earlier this year, Walmart scrapped a free-shipping program that competed with Amazon’s Prime membership and replaced it with free two-day deliveries for orders of at least $35. Amazon will control half of the US e-commerce market by 2021, according to analysts at Needham & Co. They estimate that the online giant currently commands 34 percent, compared with Walmart’s less than 5 percent. “Walmart is trying to move quickly and is stepping up its game,” Robin Sherk, an e-commerce analyst at Kantar Retail, said by phone. “The idea of passing cost savings onto the shopper is something that could be quite disruptive.” The discounts vary by item and reflect the savings to Walmart for shipping the orders to its stores on one of its 6,700 trucks, rather than to a customer’s house. The $148.05 Britax B-Safe 35 infant car seat is reduced by 5 percent to $140.65, while the Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry is discounted 11 percent to $21.44. Other products in the program are Coleman coolers and Vizio televisions. Lore called the program a “game-changer” and said the level of discounts could be adjusted going forward. Advertisement “Part of the reason why we are launching 10,000 products to start and growing it over time is that we want to perfect that discount,” he said. Walmart’s Web investments — which also include acquisitions of sites Moosejaw and ModCloth, a new network of e-commerce distribution centers, and an expansion of online grocery — have prompted belt-tightening elsewhere. The company has reduced jobs at both its West Coast technology hub and at its headquarters in Bentonville, Ark. Chief financial officer Brett Biggs said at an investor conference last month that the company needs to “rejuvenate” the famed low-cost culture that patriarch Sam Walton instilled. The term “long-tail” refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical retailers to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Walmart is slashing online prices with in-store pick up By Lisa Fickenscher View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 12, 2017 | 10:51pm Modal Trigger Shutterstock More On: walmart Decomposing dead bat found in packaged salad Man who killed Walmart diaper thief charged with manslaughter Teacher, missing student were spotted soon after vanishing Google loses more top advertisers amid placement nightmare Walmart will cut prices for its online shoppers beginning next week — but only if they hop in a car and drive to a nearby store to pick up the order. The move by the discount giant will amp up the rivalry with Amazon. “It costs us less to ship to our stores,” said Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart.com. “So, our customers should share in those savings.” But some industry analysts questioned whether shoppers will bite. “Most people buy online because of the convenience,” said Edward Jones analyst Brian Yarbrough. “Now you are talking about going into a Walmart Supercenter which is not known for its convenience. Are consumers really willing to drive to the store to save a couple of dollars?” On some items the discount could be worth the trip. A 70-inch Vizio SmartCast TV will see a $50 price cut, for example. But that Coleman Marine Cooler will be only $4.46 cheaper. The new discount only applies to products available online. Walmart, run by Chief Executive Doug McMillon, is hoping shoppers pad their online bundle with a few items they see while they are in the store, say industry experts. More than 50 percent of online shoppers who pick up their purchases in stores buy something else while in the store, said Charle Dimov, director of marketing for OrderDynamics, a retail technology vendor. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under marc lore ,  online shopping ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Morgan Stanley settles sales contest probe with $1M payout Read Next Morgan Stanley settles sales contest probe with $1M payout Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 97,158 Judge found dead in Hudson River was 'force for good' 39,951 Doctor dragged off flight was convicted of trading drugs for sex 38,767 Teen accidentally kills himself on Instagram Live as friends watch Now On MoMA’s board of trustees attends star-studded bash Sienna Miller shuts down Brad Pitt flirting rumors Jenna Elfman bombarded with Scientology questions on Reddit SEE ALL Video Jared Leto lists his hipster pad for just under $2 mil More Stories pagesix The tragic downfall of New York's most glamorous socialite Now On Decider Where Did Jenna Elfman Go Wrong? nypost Judge found dead in Hudson River was 'force for good' New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Home burglarized while boy, 8, was home alone: South Euclid Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on April 12, 2017 at 9:15 PM, updated April 12, 2017 at 9:16 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio Burglary, Bluestone Road: Officers responded to a report of a home burglary at 3:30 a.m. March 30. The home owner said he had left his eight-year-old son home alone while he went out to buy milk and juice. The boy said 4-5 males wearing ski masks entered the home after he accidentally left the door unlocked after taking out his dogs. He said two suspects had guns and they asked him where the "weed and money" was. It was determined the suspects, who were not located, stole four video game consoles, two iPads, a set of headphones, the boy's cell phone and a safe containing $5,000. The man later said he was at a casino earlier and won $5,000. He said he then lent a friend $300 and that man had called him to pay him back so he left the house to meet him at a gas station. The robbery took place during that time. There were no suspects identified. Obstructing official business, Warrensville Center Road: Officers responded to a report of a hit-skip accident April 1 and were told the suspect was a woman wearing a Walmart vest. They identified the owner of the vehicle as a 26-year-old Cleveland woman, but when they contacted her she denied involvement and said she never owned the type of vehicle that had caused the accident. Officers were then able to identify the driver of the vehicle as a Walmart employee and they went to her Cleveland home and found the vehicle in the driveway. The woman, 22, said she drove away from the accident because she did not have a driver's license and didn't want to get into trouble. They learned her boyfriend had bought the vehicle from the father of the other woman's child, but the title had not been transferred. Officers contacted the other woman once again and told her she was being charged with obstructing official business. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Cleveland woman, 36, was arrested at Walmart April 3 for the suspected theft of $202.55. Loss prevention workers said she used a price tag not attached to any other items to scan the items in her cart. The price tag she used was for the amount of ten cents. Fraud, South Green Road: A resident reported April 3 he was contacted by a supposed Microsoft employee, who asked to access his computer to secure his online security. The man allowed the person to take access and later gave him his credit card information, expecting to be billed by Microsoft. In turn, a $1,000 purchase to Michael Kors Online was made to his account. The fraudulent purchase was found to be for a gift card. The resident did not have any pertinent information pertaining to the caller. Property damage, Maplegrove Road: A woman and her boyfriend reported March 30 someone threw a large rock through the rear window of their vehicle at their home. The man said he saw a woman, whom they both know, throw the rock and also destroy the vehicle's temporary tag. He said she left the area with another woman and they both live in Cleveland Heights. He said they were all once friends but had a falling out. Officers tried unsuccessfully to contact the suspects. There were no independent witnesses to the incident. Property damage, Homestead Road: Several pieces of playground equipment were found vandalized April 2 at Adrian Elementary School. A permanent marker was used to write obscene phrases and draw pictures of male genitals. School staff said it would be cleaned off before the next school day. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Bedford Heights man, 19, ran from Walmart April 1 after trying to steal a lug wrench. He was located inside Domino's Pizza on the same road and arrested for theft and obstruction of official business. He said he stole the wrench because he needed to fix a flat tire so he could go see his six-month-old son. He had thrown the wrench on a resident's garage roof while being pursued by officers. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Walmart employee had her iPhone stolen from the store March 31. It was tracked to a man and woman who were walking north into Cleveland Heights. They admitted to taking the phone from the store and the woman was also found in possession of several items that were later found to have been stolen from the store. The Michigan woman, 30, and Cleveland Heights man, 30, were cited for theft. Animal bites, Lucille Avenue: A woman reported March 28 her two dogs were attacked by two dogs from a resident's home. The resident's children were able to get their dogs off of her dogs, but not before one of her dogs were bitten. She did not want to press charges. Officers spoke to the owner of the dogs about the incident and informed her that her dogs would be deemed dangerous. Found property, Quilliams Road: A BB gun was located in the roadway by an officer at the intersection of Covington Road April 2. It was unknown how it got there. Property damage, Emerson Road: The owner of neighboring homes said April 3 a tenant saw a boy throwing sticks and rocks onto the roof of one of the garages. Officers observed the sticks and rocks on the roof and found an area where the garage siding had been cracked. They spoke to a resident of South Green Road, who said her four sons were not responsible for the damage. She was told to make sure they stayed off the properties or they could be charged with criminal trespass. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A deputy, working off duty security at Walmart, reported April 3 a man left the store with stolen merchandise in his book bag. The man handed his book bag to the deputy and told him he did not want to fight. Several packages of steaks, valued at $92.87, were found inside the book bag. The Bedford man, 47, was cited for theft. See more South Euclid news at Cleveland.com/south-euclid. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. "cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate." Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » South Euclid & Lyndhurst news in your inbox Sign up for our South Euclid & Lyndhurst newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. South Euclid & Lyndhurst HS Sports Latest Brush HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us MONEYSAVER Walmart to offer discount for in-store pickup Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1866128" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Walmart is set to launch a program that will give customers discounts for picking up items bought online in a store. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) KTRK Wednesday, April 12, 2017 05:38PM HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Saving money at Walmart could soon be as easy as going to a physical store instead of shopping completely online. Beginning on April 19, the retailer's Pickup Discount program will offer shoppers a price cut on approximately 10,000 eligible items -- but only when they're ordered online and picked up in a store. In a sample of four eligible items provided by Walmart, savings ranged from approximately 3 percent to more than 10 percent. The sample included a car seat, a LEGO set, a cooler and a television. Marc Lore, Walmart president and CEO of ecommerce, said the retailer can offer the discount and still save money because delivering merchandise to a store is less expensive than delivering it to personal residences. Once the program rolls out, eligible items will have an orange Pickup Discount-labeled price beneath the normal retail price on the Walmart website. By the end of June, the program will be expanded to include more than one million items. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: shoppingwalmartmoneysavermoneyconsumerstretch your dollarbuzzworthywhat's trending Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. MONEYSAVER 'Bowl'ing on a budget: Super Bowl parties under $100 Galleria rolls out red carpet for Super Bowl 51 YETI tumbler put to the test against similar models 11 websites that will save you time, money, and make you smarter More moneysaver SHOPPING Save the date for tax-free emergency supplies in Texas Digital Deal of the Day Amazon offering refunds for purchases made by kids New Kroger Marketplace opens in New Caney More Shopping Top Stories Hit-and-run driver accused of hitting panhandler Masked men rob west Houston bank United to compensate all Flight 3411 passengers Exclusive: Suspect's brother speaks on missing woman Teen accused of killing parents released on bond Boy, 8, drives dad's van to get McDonald's cheeseburger Man shot, robbed inside apartment in west Houston Show More Klein ISD substitute charged with aggravated assault 3 youth wounded in drive-by shooting in SW Houston Cases in jeopardy over crime-scene mistakes 'Bull' sculptor: 'Fearless Girl' violates his rights Condom-clogged pipe leads police to prostitution ring More News Top Video Boy, 8, drives dad's van to get McDonald's cheeseburger Hit-and-run driver accused of hitting panhandler Masked men rob west Houston bank Teen accused of killing parents released on bond More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   | THE GRID POPULAR FRONT PAGE Today Yesterday Pick a Date SUGGEST A STORY   NO MORE STORIES Money / Walmart Walmart to Discount 1M Online Items—But There's a Catch You have to pick them up at the store instead of getting them delivered to your home By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted Apr 12, 2017 4:55 PM CDT 36 comments Comments    (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes) (Newser) – Walmart is losing the e-commerce battle to Amazon—badly. In its latest bid to turn things around online, Walmart will offer discounts on more than a million items sold on the web—provided customers agree to pick them up at a Walmart store rather than have them delivered to their homes, Bloomberg reports. The Pickup Discount program launches with 10,000 online-only items April 19 and is expected to expand to more than a million by the end of June. According to Business Insider, it's much less expensive for Walmart to ship items to its stores than to customers' homes, and Amazon is unlikely to be able to match the discounts because it can't take advantage of thousands of physical locations like Walmart can.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   4% Hilarious 40% Intriguing 3% Depressing 41% Brilliant 1% Scary 11% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 36 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 36 comments Hamburglar 19 minutes ago Save your discount. No amount of savings will lure me into the cesspool that is every Wal-Mart on the planet. JanetInSC 1 hour, 57 minutes ago The whole point of online shopping, for me, is to not have to travel to the store. scottinnh Apr 12, 2017 8:00 PM CDT When you buy something online from Walmart they charge your credit card instantly, but you can't go to the store, you have to wait 4 or 5 hours for an email saying you can come get it. And they can charge you because they think they are in stock, but as they are charging you customers are bringing them to the register. Still... I would do it. View all 36 comments Leave a comment Latest on Newser Trump Does About-Face on Currency Promise 1 Ben Carson Visits Housing Complex, Gets Stuck in Elevator 2 Are Amazon and Netflix Preventing the Next Tarantino? 3 These Inmates Had One Job ... and They Hid It in Prison Ceiling 4 Neil Gorsuch Gets 3 Grunt Jobs on Court 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Insane Fist Fight Over a Parking Space Ends With a Woman Getting Stabbed The Dark Side of Yoga That Nobody Tells You Woman Takes Dog to 'Furry' Convention, Doesn’t Realize It’s Not for Dogs Caitlyn Jenner Admits Robert Kardashian Told Her OJ Was Guilty Is This Hollywood Actress Brad Pitt's New Flame? New Jersey Woman Arrested for Racist Hammer Attack May Face Hate Crime Charges Ivanka Trump Helped Influence the President’s Airstrike in Syria? Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Killer Tide: Suffolk County Medical Examiner’s Message For Local Families CBS2 Exclusive: Woman Blames New Jersey Hospital For Possible Exposure To... Seen At 11: ‘Drinking To Good Health,’ Can Tonics And Elixirs Boost Wellness? Go to CBS Local Custom Condoms for the Long and Large Man? Talk Back to OZY! New Orleans Could Be Underwater in 50 Years. Can Entrepreneurs Save the Day? Go to Ozy After a nasty Amazon review, this company shut down a customer’s app, but he... This deer died from a hunting wound, but hunters found something remarkable... Truck driver meets a tragic end when he drives across a bridge on during a very... Go to Rare Sofia Vergara Had A 102-Degree Fever And She Still Looked Much Better Than You This Coffee Table Doubles As A Fridge So Pregaming Will Never Be The Same This Was The Flirty Moment Justin Timberlake Met Jessica Biel Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 62° Low 58° High 81° Fayetteville 54° Low 56° High 79° Bentonville 63° Low 57° High 79° See complete forecast Walmart Tries To Woo Online Customers With “Pickup Discount” Posted 5:00 pm, April 12, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 05:05PM, April 12, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart Tries To Woo Online Customers With “Pickup Discount” BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — Walmart announced on Wednesday (April 12) that it will be rolling out a new wave of discounts on thousands of online items for people who choose to pick up the products in store. The new Pickup Discounts will be available on about 10,000 Walmart.com items starting Wednesday (April 19), according to a company news release. By the end of June, the Pickup Discounts will apply to about a million of Walmart’s most popular products. People can get the online discounts by checking the free pickup in store option, shipping the product directly to their nearest Walmart and picking it up in store. The Pickup Discounts range by product. Some of the discounts take up to 10 percent off the products. Walmart released the following example discounts: Britax B-SAFE 35 Infant Car Seat, Slate Strie – $148.05 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $7.40 ($140.65 new price) LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry, 60119 – $23.99 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $2.55 ($21.44 new price) Coleman 150 qt Heritage XP Marine Cooler – $111.49 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $4.46 ($107.03 new price) VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70″ Class 4K Ultra HDTV (M70-D3) – $1,698 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $50 ($1,648 new price) Walmart has amped up its online services this year in an attempt to compete with other major online retailers like Amazon. In January, the company began offering free two-day shipping on purchases over $35, without a membership fee. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results 8-Year-Old Drives His Sister To McDonald’s To Get A Cheeseburger Possible Standoff Between Police & Driver Comes To An End In Roland On US 64 Police Identify Man Whose Body Was Discovered In Lake Bentonville U Of A Police Identity Woman Whose Body Was Found In Tent On University Property Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Astronaut Brothers Speak At University Of Arkansas Two Hospitalized in Van Buren Car Accident Decatur 8th Graders Start A Revolution To Revitalize School Culture Highfill Fire Department Responds To ATV Accident News Walmart Launches Free Two-Day Shipping News Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 News Decatur Residents Excited About Dollar General Move News 20,000 Pounds Of Frozen Pizza Recalled Over Listeria Fears News Walmart Announces Acquisition Of Online Outdoor Retailer News Little Tikes Recalls 540,000 Swings After Injuries News Walmart Cuts About 300 Jobs From Tech Division News 13 Killed In Texas Church Bus Accident News Walmart App Updates Roll Out Quicker, Easier Process For Pharmacy, Money Services Customers News Planters NUTmobile And Mr. Peanut Visit Area Walmarts News Volunteers Needed For Christmas Honors Wreath Pickup News Finland Sets Out To Be Tobacco-Free Country News Walmart Warns Customers That Refund Checks Are Real, Not Scams Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Hearst Foundations give $750,000 to Northern California Man’s ashes stolen from family’s rental car at Fisherman’s Autopsy shows man killed himself in shootout with Fremont police SF police won’t be charged in killing of Amilcar Perez-Lopez News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Man, 2 daughters dead after 911 call, car fire, police shots Lawmakers try to keep town halls from getting out of control Is Bannon in peril? Trump comments worry his populist base AP Interview: Top US Catholic bishop plans for Trump meeting Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants win series as Matt Cain delivers with arm, bat Kevin Durant impresses as Warriors rout Lakers A’s Jharel Cotton thrilled by compliments from idol Warriors to play Blazers in Game 1 of first round Sunday Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Antenna permitting bill sparks clash between state, local California tells Uber it’s sloppy about ditching drunk drivers United’s Munoz goes from savior to man on hot seat real fast Continental, 145-year-old auto firm, opens San Jose lab A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Vertigo’ master class; James Ivory honored at 60th SFIFF The latest from Dear Abby No riches from TheatreWorks’ ‘Rags’ SF rocker Chuck Prophet plays Great American Music Hall Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog East Bay city embroiled in In-N-Out Burger battle You've got about six weeks left to visit Doc's Clock in its Salmon season to be cut short in fisheries along California coast Commis to expand next door with new bar, CDP Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Look up! Don't miss this week's 'Pink Moon' San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 9, 2017 Get inspired by an eco-friendly prefab ranch house Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Joy of dragonflies (and damselflies) is in the hunt Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Noe Valley contemporary boasts four levels of luxury living Ornate, preserved Victorian triplex, circa 1900, hits the market SF rent down year over year for second month in a row. Hot Property: Eureka Valley flat embodies period grace in a hip Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Walmart-tries-a-twist-Burger-King-s-Google-11069168.php Walmart tries a twist; Burger King’s Google Home hack Chronicle Staff and News Services Updated 4:43 pm, Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Will Walmart’s online sales pick up? Walmart soon will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items, but only if customers pick them up at one of its stores rather than having them shipped to their homes. Walmart says the discount will be available on about 10,000 items starting next week, but the price cuts will expand to more than 1 million items by the end of June. ‘OK, Google.’ This may be tasteless A new Burger King TV commercial is designed to trigger Google’s voice-controlled speakers in viewers’ homes, adding a wrinkle to the debate over whether such devices have become too invasive. In the 15-second ad, a Burger King employee says, “OK, Google. What is the Whopper burger?” If viewers are watching near a newer Android phone or Google Home gadget, the “OK Google” prompt will cause the device to read the Wikipedia entry for the sandwich. Users can then ask, “OK, Google. What does ‘creepy’ mean?” Daily Briefing is compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techchronicle Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Fatal crash closes westbound lanes of Hwy 92 in San Mateo Man’s ashes stolen from family’s car at Fisherman’s Wharf Hearst Foundations give $750,000 to NorCal nonprofits ‘Survivor’ contestant describes being outed as trans on show Cain weathers the storm as Giants win series 1st black woman on NY's highest court found dead by river Motorcycle rider beheaded in San Bernardino freak accident Study: Sea-level rise in Calif. will be bad to catastrophic SF resident worried about VC's 'Zuckerberg-style takeover' The fight over a tree divides San Francisco neighbors Old & new: Beloved SF spots and what has replaced them Zuckerberg sues Hawaiians in pursuit of privacy East Bay city embroiled in In-N-Out Burger battle Boy, 8, drives sister, 4, to McDonald's for a cheeseburger Tiny mountain lion kittens found in Sonoma County Cat-killing dogs roaming Santa Cruz mountains UC Berkeley Republicans test limits again with Coulter speech Some Cal donors are furious at basketball hire TODAY'S TOP PICKS Celeb-spotting in SF: Did you catch these stars? Too racy: Rejected Calif. vanity plates (Caution: Sexual content) Popular grocery chain faces dire times if it doesn't change Most Popular 1 Boy, 8, drives sister, 4, to McDonald's for a cheeseburger,... 2 Motorcycle rider beheaded in San Bernardino freak accident 3 1st black woman on state's highest court found dead by river 4 Glen Park resident worried about venture capitalist's... 5 East Bay city embroiled in In-N-Out Burger battle 6 Sea-level rise in California could be catastrophic, study says 7 Tiny mountain lion kittens found in Sonoma County are the... 8 United to compensate people on flight when man dragged off 9 SF couple contract brain-invading parasite on Hawaiian honeymoon 10 Inside Bannon's struggle: From 'shadow president' to Trump's... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Walmart has a new program that’s the opposite of Amazon Prime Chris Mills BGR NewsApril 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Amazon’s yearly Prime subscription is supposed to be the ultimate in lazy shopping: pay an annual fee, and in return order as much stuff as you want for home delivery, thanks to the free two-day shipping. In Amazon’s model, you trade a modest fixed fee for ultimate convenience and the wonders of never having to put on clothes and leave your home. But Walmart is trying something different. Don't Miss: Trump’s FCC chairman is full of crap Pickup Discount is a new Walmart program that offers customers a discount on items bought online, but only if they pick them up at a store. The discounts vary, but it seems like some items that would be expensive for Walmart to ship (a TV, for example) get discounted by up to $50. That’s a good discount, which Walmart can fund as it’s saving big-time on the cost of shipping. It also gets you into Walmart, which means there’s also a chance you’ll impulse-buy a $3 pair of sunglasses, bumping up the margins even more. Not everything gets a Pickup Discount. Initially, Walmart is planning on rolling the program out to 10,000 products across 4,000 stores. However, the ambitions go up from there, as Walmart wants to offer a discount on a million items by June. Walmart is also taking this as a chance to make its in-store pickup system slicker and faster for customers to use. Expect to see curbside pickup and automated collection machines roll out, so that even if you have to go to a store to get your packages, you still won’t actually have to talk to anyone while doing it. Trending right now: A lot of people don’t like Netflix’s new ratings system Amazon just discounted the Echo Dot for the first time this year How badly do you want this stunning Galaxy Note 8 concept to be real? See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Pogue's Basics: How to forward a text message Yahoo Tech Court forces PornHub to reveal names and viewing histories of some users BGR News Jeff Bezos: Nobody asked for one of our most popular services Yahoo Tech The 20 highest-paying tech companies in America Yahoo Tech If you think Samsung didn’t improve the Galaxy S8’s camera, these photos will change your mind BGR News The best ways to stream live TV without cable Yahoo Tech Fitbit’s new smartwatch has been plagued by production mishaps Yahoo Tech How badly do you want this stunning Galaxy Note 8 concept to be real? BGR News Why Silicon Beach will still lure tech talent despite skyrocketing prices Yahoo Tech The government might stop searching your phone at the border, but things could still get worse Yahoo Tech Don’t forget to free up gigabytes of space after the Windows 10 update BGR News Ford brings baby’s car-ride experience to the crib Yahoo Tech
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-12 Chloe Lukasiak Dishes On ‘Dance Moms’ And Abby Lee Miller In New Book: ‘It Was High Stress And Intense’ Entertainment 2017-04-12 ‘Doctor Who’ Season 10 Promises A Thrilling Ride Beginning Soon Judging By The Teaser Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-12 Charlie Hunnam’s Awesomely Impromptu ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Reunion Entertainment 2017-04-12 Madonna’s Unsurprising Opinion On Kendall Jenner’s Pepsi Ad News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-13 United Airlines Overbooking: Passenger Threatened With Handcuffs In New Incident News 2017-04-12 Sheila Abdus-Salaam, First Female Muslim Judge, Found Dead News 2017-04-12 Media Continues To Dig Into United Airlines Passenger David Dao’s Life, Uncovers Singing Past News 2017-04-12 The FBI Investigation Into Carter Page Is Another Blow To A Beleaguered Donald Trump Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-04-13 St. Louis Suing NFL One Year After Rams Relocation Basketball 2017-04-13 Derrick Rose To Test Free Agency, Haven’t Ruled Out A Return To New York Knicks [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-04-13 WWE News: Major Stadium Bidding For ‘WrestleMania’ Again After Hosting 25 Years Ago Wrestling 2017-04-13 WWE News: Braun Strowman Mocks Fan Petition To Get Him Fired Over Reigns Attack, Says #YourTearsHydrateMe Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-12 Easter 2017: Personalized Easter Baskets With Names, Ideas, Photos And Video Tutorials To Create Your Own Lifestyle 2017-04-10 Easter 2017: Discover New Traditions To Enliven Your Easter Weekend Lifestyle 2017-04-08 Easter Sunday Activities 2017: Find Out Where You Can Spend Easter Sunday With Your Family Lifestyle 2017-04-06 Easter Cakes You And Your Kids Will Love: Recipes For Dirt Cake, Wilton’s, Peeps, Bunny, Carrot And More Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-09 How Planned Parenthood Can Be Defunded And The GOP Can Still Help Women In New Healthcare Bill [Opinion] Health 2017-04-09 Live Forever: Scientists Research Immortality With Cybernetics, DNA Tinkering, New Drugs And Cloning Health 2017-04-09 Parasitic Worm Infections Multiply In Hawaii: Is Climate Change The Cause Of Rat Lungworm Spread? Health 2017-04-08 Wonder Bacteria From Pets Prevent Allergies, Obesity Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-04-12 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Volcano Will Go Active Soon, Players Should Plan To Move Technology 2017-04-12 Ahead Of Its Release Date, The iPhone 8 Is Already Hurting Sales Of Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Gaming 2017-04-11 ‘Star Wars: Battlefront 2’ Trailer Leaks, Confirms All Eras Plus Campaign Twist, Jedi And Sith Gaming 2017-04-11 ‘Call Of Duty: Black Ops 2’ Finally Joins Xbox One Backward Compatibility With Solid Performance BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-13 North Carolina GOP Lawmaker Larry Pitmann Under Fire For Calling Abraham Lincoln A ‘Tyrant’ Like Adolf Hitler BuzzWorthy 2017-04-13 Ditching Government For Comedy Was No Joke For This Former Political Insider [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-04-13 Parents Of Charlie Gard Devastated After Judge Rules Infant Can Be Taken Off Life Support Against Their Wishes BuzzWorthy 2017-04-12 13-Year-Old Boy Accidentally Shoots Himself On Instagram Live SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Walmart Cuts Jobs And Drops Prices, Does This Signal The Death Of Retail? News 2 0 0 April 12, 2017 Walmart Cuts Jobs And Drops Prices, Does This Signal The Death Of Retail? Tara Dodrill Walmart is cutting “hundreds” of jobs. The largest big box retailer in the United States is also about to offer discounts on online purchases for customers willing to come pick up their items at a brick-and-mortar store instead of having the goods shipped to their home. Keeping up with Amazon appears to be quite a daunting challenge for a multitude of long-standing and previously successful chains. Sears, Kmart, and HHGregg are among the most recent nationwide retailers to close stores or shut their doors forever. As Yahoo Finance noted, big changes are happening not just at Walmart but throughout the retail world, in an attempt to compete with Amazon. Macy’s, JCPenney, Target, Payless, Tiffany jewelry stores, and Ralph Lauren have all reportedly faced similar financial obstacles when competing Amazon and other online shopping outlets. Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon https://t.co/kJPKhfVilR via the @FoxNews Android app — Lakota (@SharrDonald) April 12, 2017 Yesterday Walmart announced it would be cutting more jobs by the end of April. This cost-saving move comes amid plans to enhance the retailer’s online, or e-commerce operations. The big box chain wants to improve its online shopping platform to regain the low-cost shopping advantage which made it one of the most lucrative and successful retailers in the United States, Reuters reports. The hundreds of Walmart jobs cut will include positions at its Sam’s Club warehouse stores as well, Reuters reports. “As we said in January, to fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline,” Walmart representative Randy Hargrove said. “This means we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively.” Hargrove did not give any specific positions or an exact number of the Walmart jobs being cut. The company began cutting jobs last year. About 7,000 office positions were slashed and more workers were shifted to sales floor duties. Earlier in 2017, Walmart also cut 1,000 corporate positions, primarily from its human resources department. Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it’s impossible for Amazon to beat. https://t.co/ZminTY7F5Ppic.twitter.com/68qHaP86sz — Markets Insider (@MktsInsider) April 12, 2017 Starting on April 19, Walmart will launch its “Pickup Discount: Lower prices” program. The program will include price slashes on about 10,000 store items, Fox News Business reports. To get the discount, customers can order online like they do at Amazon, but have to drive to a brick-and-mortar retail store to get their goods. By June, Walmart is planning on offering one million of its most popular items in the new online discount program, as well. If a Walmart online shopper buys a VIZIO SmartCast TV from their website, the company offers the customer a $50 discount if they pick it up in a store instead of having it shipped. The larger the purchased item, the bigger the discount offered. By removing the delivery cost, in essence the middle man when it comes to online shopping, more money is saved for both parties. This idea may only work if Walmart can beat Amazon’s prices on the same items by a significant amount, to make up for the inconvenience of driving to a store to pick up the item — and lifting it into your vehicle, if it will fit, yourself. “When we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfillment centers to our 4,700 stores, this means quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings,” Walmart President and e-Commerce CEO, Marc Lore, said. Walmart also recently launched a grocery shopping service which allows customers to pick up their items curbside, but the program is not yet widely available — especially not in rural areas, where the store remains one of the largest, sometimes even the only, clothing and grocery store. Last September Walmart purchased Jet.com — a solely online retailer and an Amazon direct competitor. By revenue, Walmart is the second-largest online retailer in America — right behind Amazon. Earlier this year Walmart launched a two-day shipping program, sans a membership fee, to better compete with Amazon, which charges an annual fee for the free two-day shipping included in its Prime membership program. Prime members also get free access to thousands of free music downloads and live-streaming of television shows and movies. [Featured Image by Photopixel/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Donald Trump Seeks Support For Tax Reform Now Read This: United Airlines Overbooking: Passenger Threatened With Handcuffs In New Incident Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Tara Dodrill Tags: amazon, e-commerce, Retail, walmart April 12, 2017 Taiwan Becomes The First Asian State To Ban Cat And Dog Meat April 5, 2017 Cincinnati Shooting Suspect Deondre Davis Dies, Family Claims He Was Wrongly Accused Comments LATEST HEADLINES New Burger King Ad Hacks Google Home Devices – Internet And Google Respond to “What Is The Whopper Burger?” History’s ‘Knightfall’ Season 1 Premiere News: Will The Show Air On Friday The 13th? Angelina Jolie Wedding: The Truth Behind The Rumors Glenn Thomas Jacobs, AKA Kane The Wrestler, Pursues Mayoral Position In Tennessee ’13 Reasons Why’ Cast And Selena Gomez Get Matching Tattoos With Special Meaning North Carolina GOP Lawmaker Larry Pitmann Under Fire For Calling Abraham Lincoln A ‘Tyrant’ Like Adolf Hitler St. Louis Suing NFL One Year After Rams Relocation Ditching Government For Comedy Was No Joke For This Former Political Insider [Opinion] Jeff Varner Issues Huge Apology To Zeke Smith After ‘Survivor: Game Changers’ Shocker Donald Trump And Kim Richards — An Item? RHOBH Star Reveals ‘Dinner,’ Won’t Confirm Intimate Details Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Richard Spencer Attacked: Alt Right Leader Just Punched In The Face Again, Then Glitter Bombed 22.3k 0 0 Howard Dean Should Apologize To Tulsi Gabbard And Retire From Public Life [Opinion] 6.1k 0 0 ‘Shameless’ To Continue For Four More Years? Star William H. Macy And John Wells Discuss Show During Panel 5.6k 0 0 WWE News: Fans Petition WWE To Fire Braun Strowman After Roman Reigns Attack & Ambulance Flip 4.8k 0 0 Song Joong-Ki And Song Hye-kyo May Meet In New York Soon 4.7k 0 0 Democrats Turn On Tulsi Gabbard Over Skepticism That Assad Launched Chemical Attack 4.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Walmart will offer pickup discounts in latest jab at Amazon The hope with Pickup Discount is to lure shoppers into stores on the chance that they'll buy a few more things while they're inside. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | April 12, 2017 -- 20:14 GMT (13:14 PDT) | Topic: E-Commerce Image via Walmart. Walmart is about to implement its latest strategy to better compete against Amazon. The world's largest retailer announced Wednesday that on April 19, shoppers can start earning discounts on 10,000 online-only items if they opt to pick up their orders in-store. By June, Walmart plans to expand the offer to more than 1 million items, with discounts varying based on an item's price and size. what's hot on zdnet Microsoft confirms Spring launch is on for May 2 in New York City Recently patched Microsoft Word exploit was used by both governments and criminal hackers Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' 2017 annual letter: What decision-makers can learn Windows XP: Why it won't die for years to come The service is officially named Pickup Discount, and it's essentially Walmart's implementation of Jet.com's "basket economics" strategy. In a nutshell, basket economics is an e-commerce ops strategy that stresses logistics and supply chain to reduce costs. The idea is to figure out the optimal way to ship a basket of goods to a consumer, at the lowest cost, and to make that process transparent to the consumer as they're shopping. Jet turned this into an algorithm that powers its Smart Cart digital shopping cart. For Walmart, the hope with Pickup Discount is to lure shoppers into stores on the chance that they'll buy a few more things while they're inside. It's also a way to cut down on last-mile delivery costs, which tend to be the most expensive part of online order fulfillment. However, there is chance that this strategy could backfire on Walmart if the discounting gets too broad. According to Nick McLean, CEO of order management software provider OrderDynamics, Walmart's pickup discount "will only work to the company's advantage if they use the discount sparingly." "The discount should be an incentive to get shoppers in the door and drive additional sales," he said. "By over discounting or offering the promotion on too many items, Walmart may end up losing profit margins on both online and in-store purchases." It's worth noting that Walmart's new discounting model will only apply to items that aren't available in Walmart's stores. Still, the effort is a significant move on the part of Walmart as it continues its aggressive price war against Amazon. It's also one of the more significant attempts Walmart has made to leverage its massive brick-and-mortar infrastructure to support its e-commerce business. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories IT Priorities Why every company needs to run like a software company Enterprise Software Ralph Lauren calls ecommerce audible, bets on Salesforce E-Commerce Amazon Cash enables shopping on Amazon without a credit or debit card E-Commerce Grab bolsters payment platform with Indonesian e-commerce acquisition × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters You Can Actually Buy Prada, Saint Laurent and Balenciaga at Walmart This is not a drill By Dena Silver • 04/12/17 4:29pm Actual proof of Prada at Walmart.com. Walmart Along with Peeps, Bounty Paper Towels and bags of Flamin’ Hot Cheetos, you can also buy a Prada bag at Walmart.com. Yes, for just $1,899.95, plus free two-day shipping, this black designer satchel can be yours. Prada isn’t the only designer label that has popped up on the mass retailer’s site, though. You can also stock up on Giorgio Armani evening gowns for $1,714.14 , a Moncler puffer jacket for $2,234.40, a pair of studded Saint Laurent booties for $952, expertly faded Current/Elliot jeans priced at $268 and so on. Though none of the product seems to be in season, some of the items come with a certificate of authentication, just not all of them. We can assure you that Walmart is not directly selling these high-end products. This is, after all, a retailer that held onto the slogan of “Always Low Prices” for 19 years (it was changed to “Save Money. Live Better.” in 2008). The mass retailer is instead partnering with third party vendors who are populating their marketplace; many of these fashion-focused sellers seem to be liquidators or overstock destinations that sell off-season designer goods at a steep discount. One of those sellers is La Dolce Vitae, an online boutique based in Irvine, Ca. that seems to sell the same items on both Walmart and on their eBay page. When the Observer reached out to a Walmart rep to get some details on all of these designer labels on their site, the PR person was pretty confused about what we were asking about. And understandably so: “We sell more than 35 million on the items…many from marketplace sellers,” the publicist wrote via email. Apparently, that number is up from 2016, when their marketplace was stocked with only eight million pieces. Also, the description of these designer goods is rather comical. Take, for example, the brand description that accompanies a pair of black chunky Balenciaga sandals with cutouts: “Passionately followed by fashion insiders, Balenciaga introduces new architectural shapes, custom fabrics, and luxe leather accessories. Balenciaga shoes are a great accessory to complete any outfit.” Clearly Walmart is still not entirely up-to-date on what these designer brands are, the history they hold, or what their current cultural significance is. The retailer, which makes $500 billion in sales each year, has been increasingly compared to Amazon thanks to the introduction of new services, like discounts for customers who pick-up their online orders. Walmart made waves in September 2016 when they acquired the online startup Jet.com in a $3 billion cash deal. This strategic purchase would allow Walmart to offer low prices on a variety of products, while expanding their e-commerce reach. But their big ticket purchases didn’t end there. ShoeBuy, a Zappos competitor, was scooped up for $70 million in January 2017, reportedly for Jet’s site, followed by the fashion destination ModCloth in 2017. Walmart has also acquired outdoor retailer Moosejaw for $51 million. They apparently have no plans of slowing down this acquisition spree, anytime soon. While we don’t think this bizarrely curated designer selection will rival Net-a-Porter anytime soon, perhaps someone out there will enjoy buying a sleeveless mink J.W.Anderson dress at the same shop where you can stock up on rifles and camouflage. SEE ALSO: Naomi Campbell Won’t Take ‘No’ for an Answer Short List Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Walmart offers online discounts for in-store… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: ‘Survivor’ recap: Who’s transgender? Charlie Murphy obit Rat lungworm United Airlines cartoons Caitlyn Jenner tell-all Celebrity photos Business Walmart offers online discounts for in-store pickups Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Walmart.com Walmart, which is hiring hundreds of workers in the Bay Area to bolster its e-commerce efforts, will soon offer customers new ways to get discounts if they buy products online and then pick up the items in one of the retailer’s stores, the company said Wednesday. By George Avalos | gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: April 12, 2017 at 1:05 pm | UPDATED: April 12, 2017 at 7:49 pm SUNNYVALE — Walmart, which is hiring hundreds of workers in the Bay Area to bolster its e-commerce efforts, will soon offer customers new ways to get discounts if they buy products online and then pick up the items in one of the retailer’s stores, the company said Wednesday. The move by Walmart — whose e-commerce operations are largely designed at company offices in San Bruno and Sunnyvale — comes as it wages an increasingly fierce battle to capture shoppers’ dollars through the internet. “Starting on April 19, we are going to begin offering a discount on eligible, online-only (non-store) items that customers buy online and ship to any Walmart store for pickup,” said Marc Lore, chief executive officer of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, in a blog post. Brick-and-mortar retailers are wrestling with ways to successfully meld their physical stores with their digital commerce sites. To combat Amazon with such initiatives, Walmart.com is busy hiring technology workers in Sunnyvale and San Bruno. The new online discounts indicate how Walmart is working to parlay its purchase of online retailer Jet.com into increased online sales and new ways to entice customers to its digital site. It completed the acquisition of Jet in September 2016 for $3 billion. Jet’s software enables it to lower prices when customers add more items to their shopping carts. The deal also is expected to help Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, to reach more customers such as millennial shoppers. For a $148 infant car seat, the discount was $7.40 if customers picked up the item in the store, according to an example of a potential purchase suggested by the retailer. The hypothetical transaction also included free, two-day shipping. Of course, the real question is whether $7 in savings would be enough to entice people to hop in a car to pick up the item — unless that trip was combined with other errands, including shopping at the store. “Jet.com created a unique, transparent way for customers to shop, helping them make choices that lower their prices as they shop — from building smarter baskets to opting out of free returns and using debit cards,” Doug McMillon, Walmart’s president and CEO, wrote in a blog post. “This has helped Jet.com win fans among savvy shoppers and will help us put the power to save in more shoppers’ hands.” Tags:  Amazon e-commerce Retail Technology George Avalos George Avalos is a business reporter for the Bay Area News Group. Follow George Avalos @georgeavalos Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Matt Cain shines like new as Giants take a series from Diamondbacks Kevin Durant breaks out in Warriors’ season-closing win over Lakers John Madden trashes Raiders relocation: ‘Really bothers me’ Record-busting rainfall headed our way tonight Here’s the full Warriors-Blazers first round schedule California motorcyclist decapitated in freak accident Karlsson scores in OT to give Sharks 3-2 win over Oilers Which companies pay the most? Many are in the Bay Area More in Business Purdy: The playoff Sharks of 2016 return just in time to post an overtime victory April 12, 2017, 11:49 pm For much of the first period Wednesday, the Sharks were faintly recognizable as the group that reached the 2016 Stanley Cup Final. Palo Alto toy, sporting goods store to close April 12, 2017, 10:04 pm Palo Alto Sport Shop and Toy World at 526 Waverley St. will close its doors on Saturday after about nine decades in business. Comic Con panelist builds understanding between robots, humans April 12, 2017, 2:50 pm While his interest in Star Wars is what got him on the exhibit floor of the 2016 Silicon Valley Comic Con, Matt Ebisu’s focus has been the movies’ non-human characters. “The interesting thing about R2D2 and C3PO is they came out in the ’70s and there’s still this love and compassion for them,” says Ebisu, who exhibited at last year’s... United: Airline won’t use police to remove passengers April 12, 2017, 3:09 pm The chief executive of United Airlines said the carrier will no longer ask police to remove passengers from full flights after the uproar over a man who was dragged off a plane by airport officers in Chicago. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media     Walmart broadens ways customers can get online discounts By George Avalos / April 12, 2017 at 10:37 AM Walmart will soon offer customers new ways to get discounts if they buy products online and then pick up the items in one of the retailer’s stores, the company said Wednesday. “Starting on April 19, we are going to begin offering a discount on eligible, online-only (non-store) items that customers buy online and ship to any Walmart store for pick up,” Marc Lore, chief executive officer of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, said in a blog post. The move by Walmart — whose e-commerce operations are largely designed at company offices in San Bruno and Sunnyvale — is a reminder of the increasingly fierce battle to capture shoppers’ dollars through the Internet. Amazon, Target and other retailers are scouting for those dollars in growing ways. And brick-and-mortar retailers are wrestling with ways to successfully meld their physical stores with their digital commerce sites. This is also an indication that Walmart is finding ways to parlay its purchase of online retailer Jet.com into increased online sales and new ways to entice customers to its digital site. The acquisition of Jet was completed in September 2016 for $3 billion. Jet’s software enables it to lower prices when customers add more items to their shopping carts.  The deal also is expected to help Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, to reach more customers such as millennial shoppers. For a $148 infant car seat, the discount was $7.40 if customers picked up the item in the store, according to an example of a potential purchase suggested by the retailer. The hypothetical transaction also included free two-day shipping. Of course, the real question is whether $7 in savings are enough to entice people to hop in a car to pick up the item — unless that trip was combined with other errands, including shopping at the store. These kinds of e-commerce initiatives are being designed by Walmart tech workers in San Bruno and Sunnyvale, said Amelia McLear, a spokeswoman for the retailing giant. “Jet.com created a unique, transparent way for customers to shop, helping them make choices that lower their prices as they shop — from building smarter baskets to opting out of free returns and using debit cards,” Doug McMillon, Walmart’s president and CEO, wrote in a blog post to discuss the Jet.com acquisition. “This has helped Jet.com win fans among savvy shoppers and will help us put the power to save in more shoppers’ hands.”   Walmart.com image shows the potential savings from a hypothetical transaction involving a purchase of an item online combined with an in-store pickup. Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: e-commerce, Tech, Walmart, walmart.com   More Posts in Silicon Beat On Topic: Tech news to know now April 12, 2017   Lyft scoops up $600 million while rival Uber struggles April 12, 2017   Off Topic: Gator on the street, doughboy statues, dressed for the DUI, grilled cheese sandwiches April 12, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Ford ahead of Uber, Google, Tesla in self-driving car race,… Google fires back over feds’ claim it pays women less… Google, Apple and Facebook not using H-1B visas for cheap… Google Home gets gamed by Burger King: ‘OK, Google,… Walmart broadens ways customers can get online discounts     Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Filing Taxes Last Minute: A Guide to United States Post Office Hours and Tax Deadlines on Tax Day Study Finds Americans Spend Big at Walmart and Other Bargain Retailers 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market Bet You Didn’t Know Your FSA Can Cover These 7 Things Why You Need an HSA 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes Here’s How Often CD Rates Change 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News The Most Valuable Public Company in Every State How to Cash Savings Bonds 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 10 Signs Your Children Will Have to Take Care of You in Retirement Find Out If You’re Maximizing Your Social Security Benefits 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts How to Close a Checking Account for Free Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News Are Banks Open on Good Friday 2017? How to Find the Best Bank Account 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips 6 Easiest Credit Cards to Get 6 Instant-Approval Credit Cards 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Personal Finance Tips > Fun Facts > Study Finds Americans Spend Big at Walmart and Other Bargain Retailers Study Finds Americans Spend Big at Walmart and Other Bargain RetailersFind out what retailers like Walmart and Target are doing to keep consumers coming back for more. By GOBankingRates Staff | April 12, 2017   For the vast majority of Americans, finding the best deal doesn't just mean clipping coupons or heading to the clearance section — it's a hunt that begins before they even leave the house. According to a recent report from The NPD Group's Checkout Tracking Service, U.S. consumers are flocking to retailers that not only offer the best value, but also provide a myriad of products all in one location. It's only the stores that offer both value and convenience that boast the highest percentages of regular consumers. Read on to find out which one-stop-shop retailers offered the best deals to keep consumers coming back. Tupungato / Shutterstock.com Walmart Capturing the No. 1 spot on the list, Walmart had a staggering number of consumers who shopped the discount chain at least once in 2016 — 95 percent of Americans, to be exact. It comes at no surprise then that the company raked in nearly $308 billion in revenue last year across its 4,700 U.S. locations. Ken Wolter / Shutterstock.com Target Target is the second most popular retailer, with 84 percent of Americans stopping in to buy something at least once last year. At nearly $74 billion in 2016 sales, the company collected considerably less revenue than Walmart, but the number still represents a 1.6 percent growth for the retailer from the previous year. Bargain Shopping? Target and Others Stores That Offer Price Matching Guarantees Dan Kosmayer / Shutterstock.com Walgreens If Walgreens is your pharmacy of choice, you're not alone — NPD's data showed that 77 percent of Americans shopped at Walgreens in 2016. The retailer saw a surge in revenue thanks primarily to strong pharmaceutical performance, bumping its annual revenue to more than $117 billion. Trong Nguyen / Shutterstock.com Dollar Tree Among the top 25 U.S. retailers, Dollar Tree saw the largest gains in 2016, expanding in the market by three percentage points. With 71 percent of U.S. consumers making a purchase there last year, it's no wonder the chain was able to open 600 more stores. Demand, meet supply. Ken Wolter / Shutterstock.com CVS Fifth among retailers is CVS, capturing 69 percent of American shoppers in 2016. The company saw more than $177 billion in revenue last year, representing an almost 16 percent growth from the year prior. That's good news if you hunt for deals at one of the company's 9,600 retail locations nationwide. You might be surprised that Amazon failed to take a top spot on this list, especially considering it accounted for more than half of 2016's growth in online spending, according to CNBC. However, the massive e-commerce site only served 42 percent of Americans last year, potentially because it appeals to higher-income shoppers than those who frequent discount chains such as Walmart. Amazon hopes to reach a wider range of consumers by expanding its Prime subscription service, but the results in 2017 remain to be seen. Find Out More: 10 Features That Make Amazon Prime Worth the Money Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article Filing Taxes Last Minute: A Guide to United States Post The last day to file your tax return is April 18, 2017. Find out which post offices are open late and where to mail your taxes. Related Articles The Worst Things to Buy at Walmart and Target The Best Things to Buy at Walmart and Target Yes, You Actually Can Shop at Costco for 1 — Here’s How Costco Now Delivers: See How It Stacks Up to Amazon and Other Grocery Delivery Services People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.  
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 51° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores April 12, 2017 2:41 PM By The Associated Press Reprints + - Wal-Mart signage at one of the company's neighborhood markets, in Hialeah, Fla. is shown in this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017 photo. Photo Credit: AP advertisement | advertise on newsday Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Most Popular 3 Bob’s Stores, 1 Eastern Mountain to close Company buys LI firm, will move most jobs out Judge OKs Dowling sale; firm to make it K-12 school LI fireworks entrepreneur, musician dies at 61 LI firm struggles to find enough qualified hires Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers' homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart's move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. advertisement | advertise on newsday These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It's also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon's membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. "We're creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what's best for them," Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Report: LIRR’s on-time figures mask its ills LI exporters must prepare, protect trademarks LIA CEO: Barclays’ pitch would return Isles to Coliseum Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Spring Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference Mercy earns ‘A’ for patient safety Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 Family memories cut short common theme of actions among Death Row inmates set to die TB&P Daily: Arkansas State Chamber CEO Randy Zook gives the session an ‘A-‘ Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date Fayetteville oncology clinic hopes to continue working with IBM Watson to facilitate cancer trials Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Arkansas State Chamber CEO Randy Zook gives the session an ‘A-‘ TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Syria and the death penalty Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Little Rock slackwater harbor expansion awaiting Trump administration approval Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Walmart.com to launch pickup discounts for online orders of general merchandise BusinessLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 12 hours ago 72 views  Tags: Wal-Mart e-commerce 0 SHARES Share Tweet Walmart U.S. eCommerce CEO Marc Lore promised last month changes in its online service. The first change appears to be a money saver for customers and a move in a series of efforts to compete with Amazon and other online retailers. Akin to Jet.com’s program that gives online customers choices to lower their costs, Walmart.com will do the same when online shoppers opt to pickup their items in Walmart U.S. stores versus the two-day free delivery at home. Dubbed by Lore as the “pickup discount” a customer ordering a $148 child safety seat online could save $7.40 with the in-store pickup option. Lore said the option will be available April 19 on items sold online and not found in stores. He said the pickup discount will be offered on 10,000 items initially, but the retailer hopes to make it available on the more than 1 million popular items by the end of June. Lore made the announcement on Walmart’s corporate blog Wednesday (April 12). “One of the things I love most about Walmart’s heritage is the maniacal focus on our customers and finding ways to offer them low prices – every day. We do this by creating efficiencies in our business so we can share the savings with them. And, in the online world, we can use our physical stores and supply chain to do some pretty unique things for our digital customers,” Lore said. Last month at the ShopTalk Conference in Las Vegas Lore said the retailer would announce something in April that should help create more price transparency while also empowering customers to shop smarter. Lore said the recent two-day free shipping for online orders of $35 was basically “table stakes” in the ecommerce world. He said for Walmart to accomplish that the retailer had to build out its online fulfillment center network which includes six centers, compared one in 2015. But even with the $2 billion spent on increasing fulfillment capabilities, final mile delivery remains the most expensive part of the supply chain. “We can remove the last mile delivery costs (that represent the lion’s share of the costs to ship products to customers’ homes) when we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfillment centers to our 4,700 stores. This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings,” Lore said. Lore also said recently if a customer wants home delivery in two days and meets the $35 order threshold, they get it without a buying a subscription like the $99 annually charged to Prime members of Amazon. Critics argue that Amazon memberships also include media downloads of books, music and television programming – benefits Walmart does not offer. The pickup discount is applied at checkout when the shopper checks pickup in store on the eligible items. Lore said if the customer finds home delivery easier then they can forego the discount and have it delivered for free in two-days. Lore said last month that online orders at Walmart.com went up as soon as it launched free two-day home delivery. He also said Walmart.com aims to win in ecommerce and will not stop short of that goal. MIXED REACTION Retail analysts had mixed sentiment on this move by Walmart.com. “As with many competitive moves that those of us in the industry follow closely, the challenge for Walmart will be getting the word out to customers, with ‘customers’ being the key word. The relatively small savings are unlikely to convert shoppers who favor Amazon and don’t regularly shop at Walmart. However, the move could incentivize those who frequent Walmart stores to add a pick-up stop to their next Walmart run. If the goal is to achieve greater efficiencies for Walmart, this could move the needle. Market share grab? Not so much,” said Carol Spieckerman, CEO of Spieckerman Retail. http://spieckermanretail.com/ But 73% of retail insiders polled by RetailWire about pickup discounts said Walmart will be “somewhat effective” in helping the retailer shift online purchasing from home delivery to store pickup. Just 9% see the move as “very effective” and 18% said the move is likely to be “somewhat effective.” Patricia Vekich Waldron, global marketing director for IBM retail and consumer products, said retailers have been trying to turn stores into experience centers and point of fulfillment. “This is a step in the right direction by Walmart.com. However, we should all expect Amazon to roll out stores once they find the right model,” she added. Charles Dimov, director of marketing at OrderDynamics, said it’s a “brilliant idea as long as Walmart.com uses the discounting tactic sparingly.” He said reports indicate between 30% and 50% of shoppers have tried click and collect, so it’s still not the norm. Dimov said it’s to Walmart’s advantage to have a shopper pick up in store and perhaps buy other things in the process. He warned there is also a downside in discounting, because it can become addictive and once consumers are hooked they demand more of it. Several experts don’t think it’s a “slam dunk” by Walmart U.S. but say they understand why the retailer is doing it. “In the short run it might work for Walmart, but I think it’s risky in the longer run,” said Annibal Sodero, assistant professor of supply chain at the University of Arkansas. He said there are costs associated with consumers driving to a store to collect an online order, having to park and perhaps wait for the order to be brought out. He said having the consumer pickup in store is more about the retailer’s convenience than the shopper’s in some cases. “When you go to the store and purchase an item, how many times do you consider the logistics cost of the item when looking at the price. Probably never. The price is the price and consumers don’t know how much the retailer spent to get it to the shelf,” Sodero said. “But in omni-channel price seldom includes shipping without some additional costs.” Sodero said there is a risk for online retailers to try and undercut Walmart’s discount and promise to include shipping to the home. He said online pricing in retail is cut-throat and often consumers don’t find out the true cost until they get ready to check out and see the shipping costs. But with Uber Delivery and other new forms of logistics services coming at a lower cost, Sodero said nimble online retailers will be able to match or better Walmart’s discounted price and not require the shopper to use their time and car to pick up in a store. He said Walmart has to try many things in the ever-changing space in which it operates, but he will not be surprised if this initiative is pulled or changed as online competitors play hardball with prices. Steve Montgomery, president of B2B Solutions, said the 3% to 5% cost savings won’t likely be enough to shift Amazon customers to Walmart.com. He said it will depend on how easy it is for shoppers to use the in-store pickup process. If it’s a hassle, consumers won’t find the discount worth it. Walmart said it continues to try and enhance the pickup experience with lanes dedicated for pickup in many of its stores as well as check-in stations at the fronts of stores. The retailer is also testing a large locker at Walmart Store No. 1 in Rogers, but these are just tests and not in mainstream use. A large percentage of Walmart U.S. stores across the country require customers to walk to the back of the cavernous supercenter and wait for someone to retrieve their order. Analysts say much of the program’s success will likely hinge on how well the retailer is able to execute on in-store pickup because consumers have to find the experience worthwhile to use it again. Comments comments Previous post Family memories cut short common theme of actions among Death Row inmates set to die Next post Vehicle owners poised to buy next car online, used car dealers don’t foresee impact Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds 7 hours ago Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference 7 hours ago Mercy earns ‘A’ for patient safety 9 hours ago Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date 11 hours ago DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 11 hours ago Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 3,278 views ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 2,083 views Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple 1,811 views Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance 1,584 views President Trump numbers slip, Gov. Hutchinson approval rises in Arkansas 1,438 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Buy Retail Stocks at Wholesale Prices Store Log in TAXES Tax Tips for Procrastinators SLIDE SHOW 5 Good Dividend Stocks Owned by Bill Gates SLIDE SHOW 13 Ways to Simplify Your Finances TOOL Retirement Savings Calculator Advertisement Opening Shot Buy Retail Stocks at Wholesale Prices Department-store stocks have lost one-fifth of their value in the past five years, while the overall stock market has nearly doubled. iStockphoto By James K. Glassman, Contributing Columnist From Kiplinger's Personal Finance, May 2017 I’m constantly looking for unloved sectors, but in a bull market that just celebrated its eighth birthday, despised industries aren’t easy to find. Over the past five years, energy was down a bit and real estate was flat, but both have bounced back lately. In the past 12 months, the overwhelming majority of sectors tracked by Standard & Poor’s registered gains. One notable exception: department-store stocks. See Also: 3 Stocks That Will Benefit From an Aging America Shares of so-called multi-line retailers have lost one-fifth of their value in the past five years, according to research firm Morningstar, while Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, the large-company benchmark, has nearly doubled. Sears Holdings (symbol SHLD), once the proudest name in retailing, has fallen by more than half in the past 12 months. Specialty retailers have suffered, too. Sports Authority, Limited Stores and Wet Seal have all filed for bankruptcy protection. Other retailers, such as Barnes & Noble (BKS), with a market value of $713 million, are shadows of their former selves. Still others, including Bon-Ton Stores (BONT), down more than 90% since 2013, are on the brink of collapse. (All share prices and returns are as of February 28.) Bargain hunter’s dream. This devastation is delightful for contrarian investors. The misery of retailers has given the sector such a bad name that perfectly decent companies are now on sale. A curious fact about human nature is that, as consumers, people will rush to buy items marked down 40% by a clothing shop or an airline, but, as investors, they will shun stocks that have fallen in price. Retailers were hurt by the recession of 2007–09 and the sluggish economic growth that followed, with con­sumers paying off debt and unwilling, or unable, to borrow against the value of their homes. But the internet is the main reason many retailers have run aground. Consumers are moving from brick-and-mortar shops to cyberspace, and traditional stores are floundering. Nearly all are vulner­able, even sellers of clothing. “Department stores,” says a recent Value Line report, “banked on the fact that apparel needed to be tried on, a belief that’s now fading.” Millennials, especially, just don’t like shopping at the mall, so internet-based companies such as Bonobos (which is not publicly traded) let consumers try on clothes in a showroom, establish their sizes and then order only online. Other online retailers offer virtual dressing rooms, taking measurements by webcam. Returns are easy if the clothes don’t fit. Advertisement Few retailers have effectively adapted to this new world. Wal-Mart Stores (WMT, $71), the world’s largest retailer, sells only 3% of its goods online; Home Depot (HD) sells 6%; Best Buy (BBY), 12%; and Target (TGT), 4%. The Census Bureau reports that last year, e-commerce sales amounted to $395 billion, and just one company, Amazon.com (AMZN, $845)—a longtime recommendation of mine—accounted for $95 billion of the total, or nearly one-fourth. Amazon sells more online than the next 20 largest internet purveyors combined. It also has a rapidly growing cloud-computing business. Gadgets and e-commerce. Although internet sales are growing swiftly, we are still in the early days. E-commerce accounts for only 8.1% of total retail sales, a figure that could easily hit 20% in the next 10 years. Which retailers are doing well on the internet besides Amazon? Williams-Sonoma (WSM, $49), for one. The company owns 241 stores that sell high-end kitchen products, plus another 202 Pottery Barn shops and about 200 outlets under other names. Still, Williams-Sonoma gleans half of its $5 billion in sales online—a big reason that annual revenues rose in each of the fiscal years from 2009 through 2015, with more growth expected when the final results are in for the fiscal year that ended in January 2017. The stock trades at a moderate price-earnings ratio of 14, based on analysts’ estimated earnings for the fiscal year that ends January 2018, and yields 3.0%. Also strong in online sales is Nordstrom (JWN, $47), which collects about one-fifth of its revenues from its excellent internet site. The owner of 118 upscale department stores generated $14.8 billion in revenue in the fiscal year that ended in January 2017, marking the seventh straight year of sales gains. Nordstrom shares, which have dropped 41% since June 2015, are attractively priced and yield an above-average 3.2%. But the classic contrarian retailer is Macy’s (M, $33). There’s no doubt that the department-store chain, which also owns Bloomingdale’s, has been having problems, suffering eight straight quarters of sales declines at stores open for at least a year. (So-called same-store sales are an important barometer for retailers.) Earnings per share dropped 38% from the fiscal year ending in January 2016 to the year ending in January 2017, and 66 stores closed, with more shutting this year. Nevertheless, Macy’s has a lot going for it, including strong online sales, which represent 18% of total revenues. With about 900 stores, Macy’s has the most powerful brand in retailing today, valuable real estate and a tantalizing dividend yield. The stock has fallen by more than half in eight months, so the dividend yield has jumped to 4.5%. Recent cost-cutting should pay off, and the stock’s P/E, based on expected earnings for the year ahead, is about 10. Macy’s is indeed risky, but it also provides a rare bull-market bargain. Advertisement If you invest in Macy’s, you are betting on profits increasing from cost-cutting and smart merchandising. But you can invest in stronger retailers, whose profits have been nearly flat but reliable. The best example is Wal-Mart, which has more than 10,000 stores around the world and more brick-and-mortar revenues than all U.S. e-commerce sales combined. Wal-Mart’s sales crept up 3% in the fiscal year that ended in January 2017—not bad for such a behemoth. But the big reason to buy the stock is its dividend, which has risen 44 years in a row and, at the current share price, produces a yield of 2.9%. Think of Wal-Mart, which has a gorgeous balance sheet, as an increasing annuity. In 2006, it was paying a dividend of 30 cents a year; today, it’s $2.04. One warning, though: Wal-Mart and other large retailers would suffer from tariffs or a border tax on imported goods from countries such as China and Mexico. That would boost prices for customers, and Wal-Mart might lose sales. See Also: The Best Online Brokers Grocers are retailers, too, and a contrarian choice that merits attention is Whole Foods Market (WFM, $31). The largest natural-foods grocer in the country has suffered, with five straight quarters of same-store sales declines, as tra­ditional chains have increased their offerings of organics. The shares are down by half since October 2013, but the company has a strong balance sheet, and it continues to add stores. This is one of those “faith-based” investments that I like. No one can know when Whole Foods will turn around, but it has a powerful name and loyal customers, and I have faith that it will make a comeback. Meanwhile, you can own it for the price you would have paid in 2005. And two more: Lululemon Athletica (LULU, $65), designer and retailer of yoga-style casual clothing, is more expensive than the others here, trading at 27 times estimated year-ahead earnings. But it’s still a bargain when you consider that Lululemon’s sales and earnings are projected to rise at an annual average of 16% for the next three years, according to Zacks Investment Research. And Tiffany (TIF, $92), whose jewelry sales have suffered from a weak global economy, represents a great wager on a revival. All of the companies I have recommended should be able to navigate the tricky currents of e-commerce. A smart strategy is to invest in two or three of these stocks. Advertisement See Also: 12 Things You Can't Return to Amazon Show comments Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Advertisement Check Out Kiplinger's Latest Online Broker Rankings More From Kiplinger Most Popular Most Shared 10 Things That Will Soon Disappear Forever (And 7 That Refuse to Die) - Slide Show Kirkland Products You Should Buy at Costco - Slide Show 15 Worst States to Live in During Retirement - Slide Show The 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds on the Market - Slide Show Most Popular Most Shared 6 Vanguard Funds That Are Socially Responsible - Slide Show The 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds on the Market - Slide Show 10 Things That Will Soon Disappear Forever (And 7 That Refuse to Die) - Slide Show A Will Can Be a Beautiful Thing - Article Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2017, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Staples Is for Sale, but Is It Talking to the Wrong Buyers? Private equity may not be the right buyer for the office supplies leader. Rich Duprey (TMFCop) Apr 12, 2017 at 1:06PM Proving once again that regulators are horrible at choosing marketplace winners, office supplies retailer Staples (NASDAQ:SPLS) is reportedly looking to private equity to save it from competition from Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). Since the Justice Department denied Staples' attempt to buy Office Depot last year because the DOJ discounted the competitive threats facing it, the retailer has replaced its CEO, initiated numerous cost-cutting initiatives, announced hundreds of layoffs, and just last month said it was closing another 70 stores. The regulator ignored the retailer's warnings and focused instead on how the world's largest corporations might have to pay a little more for paper, pencils, and toner cartridges. But with its operational condition continuing to deteriorate, Staples is now reportedly in the early stages of discussions to sell itself to private equity to rescue it. However, it might be looking at the wrong buyers. Image source: Getty Images. An ailing retail landscape First, private equity might have lost its appetite for retail turnarounds following a disappointing Christmas season for many. Plus, bankruptcies in 2017 have already equaled the number achieved through all of last year. Staples is certainly different than a lot of those troubled stores. It still throws off a lot of cash and paid out $311 million to shareholders last year in dividends. The $0.48 annual dividend is currently yielding 4.9%. Yet its woes are similar to other retail outlets, and the threat posed by Amazon is very real indeed. Amazon Business launched in the U.S. in April 2015 and one year later had already hit $1 billion in sales. It said it was growing at a rate of 20% a month and had over 300,000 business customers. This past January, Amazon said it now had more than 400,000 business customers in the U.S. who were serviced by more than 45,000 sellers. Image source: Amazon Business. In contrast, Staples recorded a net loss of $615 million in 2016 as sales declined 3% from the year-ago period. Under that kind of pressure, it's not surprising Staples might seek to be taken private. But instead of talking to private equity, maybe it should be talking to Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), Costco (NASDAQ:COST), or, yes, even Amazon itself. A retail solution Wal-Mart doesn't break out numbers for its office supplies business, but we know it is investing heavily in the space, not least of which with its acquisition last year of Jet.com for $3 billion. Combining Jet's expertise in order fulfillment with its substantial store footprint should help Wal-Mart meld the clicks-and-bricks dynamic. Furthermore, its Sam's Club division began piloting an office supplies delivery service late last year, utilizing a variety of crowdsourced delivery start-ups like Deliv for small orders and Need It Now for larger ones. Many of Sam's Club's members are small- and medium-sized business, and by targeting them, it is a direct threat to Staples, whose North American delivery segment -- which includes direct sales to businesses as well as all of Staples' online sales -- generated $10.6 billion in revenue last year. The retail king could alleviate many of the problems Staples is facing, from allowing it to reduce its retail store footprint and moving more of those items into a Wal-Mart store, to helping recapture a lot of the business-to-business (B2B) revenue that's been moving to Amazon and elsewhere. A Staples by Wal-Mart branding could further cement the connection. Wal-Mart's e-commerce initiatives are already paying off, with U.S. division revenue soaring 36% from the year-ago period, an increase it says was largely a result of the Jet.com acquisition. Adding in Staples' own e-commerce prowess, sales of which grew 13% last year, could allow Wal-Mart to more effectively challenge Amazon. Image source: Costco Business Center. A big warehouse for all A similar argument can be made in favor of a purchase by Costco, which also began trialing an office supplies delivery service around the same time Sam's Club did. Its Business Center operation is partnering with Instacart to first deliver groceries to small businesses, such as restaurants, with future expansion into office supplies afterwards. Business Centers are a different breed of warehouse for Costco. They cater to the needs of small businesses, like convenience stores and food services businesses, and typically offer cleaning supplies, print and paper supplies, office furniture, and more, that are used by businesses, hotels, hospitals, and restaurants. Half of all Business Center volume is by delivery, but the average sale per member is three times greater than what Costco realizes at its regular warehouse stores. There are a little more than a dozen such stores now, and it's been slowly opening them for years. Buying Staples would immediately give it the opportunity to expand that footprint exponentially, converting some to a Staples by Costco brand, others to Business Centers, and likely closing a bunch more down. For many of the same reasons as Wal-Mart, a purchase by Costco would give the wholesale club immediate heft in thwarting Amazon's advance. A pact with the devil And then, of course, there is Amazon.com itself buying Staples. The e-commerce leader has not been shy about making acquisitions over the years, though they've been on a much smaller scale than a Staples purchase would be. However, it would also help give Amazon even greater credibility in the B2B office supplies marketplace. Not even the vast store footprint would necessarily be an impediment, as Amazon is already experimenting with physical locations. It wouldn't even be necessary to rebrand the stores, either, as the Staples brand still has cachet. The $7 billion price tag that's been bandied about for Staples shouldn't be a problem for any of these retailers, and one of them buying up the office supplies leader makes as much if not more sense than private equity (PE) moving in. While PE firms are known for their ruthless cost-cutting endeavors to right a sinking ship, they also look for an exit strategy and to lard a business with debt before putting it back on the market to pay themselves a dividend. The competitive landscape continues to tilt against Staples, a fact the Justice Department refused to acknowledge, but one that forced the office supplies retailer to have to explore this avenue of salvation. A deal with one of these could hardly be opposed by antitrust regulators since it was only a year ago they discounted the threat they posed. If Staples is looking to get out of the limelight, it would seem it's talking to the wrong folks about it. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Duprey (TMFCop)   Rich has been a Fool since 1998 and writing for the site since 2004. After 20 years of patrolling the mean streets of suburbia, he hung up his badge and gun to take up a pen full time. Having made the streets safe for Truth, Justice and Krispy Kreme donuts, he now patrols the markets looking for companies he can lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio. So follow me on Facebook and Twitter for the most important industry news in retail and consumer products and other great stories. Follow @RetlInvstrsWire Article Info Apr 12, 2017 at 1:06PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $896.23 down $-6.13 (-0.68%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.44 up $0.01 (0.01%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $170.17 down $0.46 (-0.27%) Office Depot NASDAQ:ODP $4.76 down $0.03 (-0.63%) Staples NASDAQ:SPLS $9.51 down $0.17 (-1.76%) Read More Staples Inc. Stock Jumps 12% as It Searches for Buyer There's More to Staples Inc. Than Meets the Eye 10 Highest Dividend-Yielding Stocks Staples, Inc. Stock Bounces Back After Yesterday's Dip Danger Lurks for These 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Staples Is for Sale, but Is It Talking to the Wrong Buyers? @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $COST, $ODP, $SPLS
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Magazine Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Magazine World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine Walmart is rolling out a discount on more than 1 million items April 12, 2017 Almost everyone in President Trump's orbit seems to think Stephen Bannon is a goner 2:43 a.m. Ann Coulter is puzzled why Trump would hit Syria's Assad, 'one of the better leaders' in the region 1:13 a.m. Trump says he might cripple ObamaCare to force Democrats to negotiate a replacement bill 12:13 a.m. Jude Law will play a young Dumbledore in the next Fantastic Beasts movie April 12, 2017 Trump declares NATO is 'no longer obsolete' April 12, 2017 President Trump just said the Chinese are 'not currency manipulators.' Last week he called them the 'world champion' of currency manipulation. April 12, 2017 President Trump complains the dollar is 'too strong,' sends dollar tumbling April 12, 2017 See More Speed Reads FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK $$$ Edit Walmart is rolling out a discount on more than 1 million items April 12, 2017   FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images Walmart customers will see soon see discounts on over one million online-only products if they pick them up in-store, Bloomberg reports. The new "Pickup Discount" program will launch April 19 with 10,000 initial price cuts as the company's attempt to keep up with Amazon's delivery juggernaut. "Quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores," said Marc Lore, who heads Walmart's e-commerce business. "So, our customers should share in those savings." Walmart has 4,700 brick-and-mortar stores, with a typical store carrying 120,000 items. The company's website, on the other hand, offers 35 million products. Amazon currently dominates the American e-commerce market, controlling 34 percent to Walmart's less than 5 percent. Analysts project Amazon is on track to control half of the market by as soon as 2021. Forthcoming discounts include a 5 percent reduction on Britax B-Safe 35 infant car seats, from $148.05 down to $140.65, or an 11 percent discount on the Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry, down to $21.44. Televisions, coolers, and other products will also see discounts if ordered online and picked up in-store, Bloomberg reports. "Walmart is trying to move quickly and is stepping up its game," e-commerce analyst Robin Sherk said. "The idea of passing cost savings onto the shopper is something that could be quite disruptive." Jeva Lange   Walmart is rolling out a discount on more than 1 million items April 12, 2017 Bannon Watch Edit Almost everyone in President Trump's orbit seems to think Stephen Bannon is a goner 2:43 a.m. ET   Stephen Bannon, President Trump's chief strategist, apparently had a rough day at the office on Wednesday. The night before, Trump had told the New York Post, "I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late," and before that, "I didn't know Steve." (They met in 2011.) "I'm my own strategist," he added, a phrase he repeated to The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday, when he also called Bannon "a guy who works for me." Some of Bannon's associates characterized Trump's public dressing-down as a paternal "love tap," The Washington Post reports, while others fear it was "an indirect firing." Bannon "is a marked man — diminished by weeks of battles with the bloc of centrists led by Trump's daughter and son-in-law and cut down by the president himself," The Washington Post said, basing its assessment on "interviews Wednesday with 21 of Trump's aides, confidants, and allies." One Bannon friend likened him to "a terminally ill family member who had been moved into hospice care," The Post said, while others suggested Bannon might survive for a little longer. "Bannon is a brilliant pirate who has had a huge impact," said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich. "But White Houses, in the end, are like the U.S. Navy — corporate structures and very hard on pirates." A "person with firsthand knowledge of internal White House dynamics" told The New York Times that while no change is imminent, Trump's comments and Bannon's recent demotions have made it very hard for the chief strategist to keep his job and his stature. Not every Trump insider is numbering Bannon's days. Thomas Barrack Jr., a close Trump friend and business associate, spent Tuesday and Wednesday meeting with Trump and his senior team in Washington. He told CNN's Erin Burnett Wednesday night that things have never been better at the Trump White House and Bannon isn't going anywhere. Still, Bannon's supporters are watching the situation warily, including his main political patron, Rebekah Mercer, who views Bannon as her main conduit to Trump. Mercer is reportedly already looking for opportunities for Bannon should he leave the White House early, but her family's ties to Bannon are one of the things that might keep him employed at the White House. "While the president has grown weary of directives from donors like the Mercers," The New York Times reports, "he is mindful that they are among his major financial backers, and he is said to be conscious of the need to keep it that way." Peter Weber   Almost everyone in President Trump's orbit seems to think Stephen Bannon is a goner 2:43 a.m. Quotables Edit Ann Coulter is puzzled why Trump would hit Syria's Assad, 'one of the better leaders' in the region 1:13 a.m. ET   Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces have killed several tens of thousands of civilians and dissidents in six years of civil war sparked by his harsh crackdown on protests, including some 1,500 people slain by chemical weapons. It was Assad's latest chemical weapon attack on civilians that prompted Trump to fire 59 Tomahawk missiles at one of Assad's air bases last week. Now, Trump's administration "is maneuvering to topple Bashar al-Assad from power," Tucker Carlson said Wednesday night on Fox News. "That's surprising to some of his longtime fans who appreciated his calls to avoid foreign quagmires." One of those puzzled fans is Ann Coulter, and Carlson asked her what longtime Trump supporters should think about the events of the past week. "It's very hard to explain this Syrian attack," she said. "It is certainly not a vital national security interest. We generally don't — at least conservatives don't — support rushing around the world for humanitarian reasons. And for that region of the world, Assad is one of the better leaders — there's probably only one or two that are better that he. He's not even like a Saddam Hussein murderous thug." Points for not bringing up Adolf Hitler. Peter Weber   Ann Coulter is puzzled why Trump would hit Syria's Assad, 'one of the better leaders' in the region 1:13 a.m. TrumpCare Edit Trump says he might cripple ObamaCare to force Democrats to negotiate a replacement bill 12:13 a.m. ET   Mark Wilson/Getty Images President Trump has said on several occasions that Republicans would be smart to let the Affordable Care Act just collapse on its own so Democrats would be forced to help negotiate a deal to replace or radically change the law. Now, he's threatening to push ObamaCare over the cliff himself. Trump wants to use billions in subsidies to help low-income people afford health care as leverage to drag Democrats to the negotiating table, Politico says, citing "three administration officials with knowledge of Trump's thinking." Trump told The Wall Street Journal the same thing in a 70-minute interview on Wednesday. Former President Barack Obama approved the estimated $7 billion in cost-sharing subsidies, which help insurance companies pay medical bills of customers. Scrapping the subsidies would likely crash the ObamaCare individual marketplaces. "ObamaCare is dead next month if it doesn't get that money," Trump told The Wall Street Journal. "I don't want people to get hurt," he added. "What I think should happen and will happen is the Democrats will start calling me and negotiating." Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer "should be calling me and begging me to help him save Obamacare, along with Nancy Pelosi," the House minority leader, Trump said. Schumer criticized Trump's "cynical strategy" of "threatening to hold hostage health care for millions of Americans ... to achieve a political goal of repeal that would take health care away from millions more." Pelosi said Trump's "appalling threat" is aimed at trying to "manufacture a crisis," using "millions of families" as a bargaining chip. House Speaker Paul Ryan backs continuing the subsidies for now, although House Republicans sued to block Obama from paying them out; a federal judge agreed last year that the payments are improper but allowed them to continue on appeal. On Monday, the Health and Human Services Department told The New York Times that the Trump administration may continue paying the subsidies, drawing a rebuke from the HHS that was, two administration officials tell Politico, "personally ordered by an incensed Trump, who feared that the Times story hurt his negotiating position." In a Kaiser Family Foundation poll released last week, 75 percent of Americans said they want the Trump Administration to make ObamaCare work rather than make it fail, and 61 percent said they would hold Trump and the GOP responsible for any problems with the law. "I don't think Trump really wants to cut the subsidies, because he'd get blamed for people losing insurance," a White House official told Politico. "But right now, it might be his biggest way to force people to do something." Peter Weber   Trump says he might cripple ObamaCare to force Democrats to negotiate a replacement bill 12:13 a.m. something to look forward to Edit Jude Law will play a young Dumbledore in the next Fantastic Beasts movie April 12, 2017   Getty Images for Diageo Global Actor Jude Law will play the role of the young Albus Dumbledore in the upcoming sequel of the Harry Potter spin-off, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. In the film, which serves as a prequel of sorts to J.K. Rowling's wildly popular series about the Boy Who Lived, Law will portray the future headmaster of Hogwarts back when he was just the wizardry school's professor of transfiguration. David Yates is returning to direct the second Fantastic Beasts film, which features a screenplay written by Rowling. Eddie Redmayne, the star of the first installment of Fantastic Beasts released last year, will reprise his role as magizoologist Newt Scamander in Fantastic Beasts 2. Johnny Depp will also reappear as dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald. Fantastic Beasts 2 is slated to come out November 2018. Becca Stanek   Jude Law will play a young Dumbledore in the next Fantastic Beasts movie April 12, 2017 ch-ch-ch-changes Edit Trump declares NATO is 'no longer obsolete' April 12, 2017   President Trump is now apparently a fan of NATO. After routinely bashing the alliance over the last year, Trump said Wednesday during a joint press conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg that NATO is the "bulwark of international peace and security." "I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said. That was fast. Trump *in January* on NATO: "It's obsolete". https://t.co/8KxvgCBqcf Trump *now* on NATO: "It’s no longer obsolete." pic.twitter.com/TpG357wt4I — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) April 12, 2017 Trump took credit for NATO's renewed reputation: "The secretary general and I had a productive discussion about what more NATO can do in the fight against terrorism. I complained about that a long time ago, and they made a change and now they do fight terrorism," Trump said, apparently forgetting the fact that NATO fought alongside the U.S. in Afghanistan. One point on which Trump remained firm was his call for NATO allies to "meet their financial obligations and pay what they owe." Stoltenberg announced that NATO will increase the number of allies spending 2 percent of their GDP on defense from five allies to eight allies by next year — a plan that The Washington Post's Ishaan Tharoor noted was set in motion before Trump took office. Becca Stanek   Trump declares NATO is 'no longer obsolete' April 12, 2017 a convenient change of heart Edit President Trump just said the Chinese are 'not currency manipulators.' Last week he called them the 'world champion' of currency manipulation. April 12, 2017   Mark Wilson/Getty Images) In an interview with The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday, President Trump declared the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong." "[P]artially that's my fault because people have confidence in me," Trump said. "But that's hurting — that will hurt ultimately." He continued: "Look, there's some very good things about a strong dollar, but usually speaking the best thing about it is that it sounds good." The president also said he'd rather the Federal Reserve "keep interest rates low," The Wall Street Journal reported. In the same interview, Trump revealed that his administration would not label China a "currency manipulator" in an upcoming report, walking back a common refrain from his presidential campaign. Just last week, Trump deemed China the "world champion" of currency manipulation. On Wednesday, he said the Chinese are "not currency manipulators." The Wall Street Journal reported Trump changed his mind on China because the country "hasn't been manipulating its currency for months and because [labeling China a currency manipulator] now could jeopardize his talks with Beijing on confronting the threat of North Korea." Becca Stanek   President Trump just said the Chinese are 'not currency manipulators.' Last week he called them the 'world champion' of currency manipulation. April 12, 2017 well that's one way to go about it Edit President Trump complains the dollar is 'too strong,' sends dollar tumbling April 12, 2017   President Trump complained to The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the dollar is "getting too strong," immediately sending the dollar tumbling to session lows: BREAKING: Dollar falls sharply to session low, 10-year slide after Trump says dollar' getting too strong' https://t.co/4h9Hju0Vho pic.twitter.com/KdmmJPBGSt — CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) April 12, 2017 "I think our dollar is getting too strong, and partially that's my fault because people have confidence in me," Trump said. "But that's hurting — that will hurt ultimately," he went on. "Look, there's some very good things about a strong dollar, but usually speaking, the best thing about it is that it sounds good." By the time of publication, the 10-year mark had wobbled back up — although the dollar index continued to slip: Latest on market reaction to Trump in the WSJ on the dollar & Yellen -- the 10-year has recovered a bit, but the Dollar index keeps sliding pic.twitter.com/zaljYnw6L5 — Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) April 12, 2017 CNBC added that "the flight to safety underpinned traditional safe havens like the yen, U.S. Treasuries, and gold amid new concerns about France's presidential election and the United States' relations with Syria and North Korea." Jeva Lange   President Trump complains the dollar is 'too strong,' sends dollar tumbling April 12, 2017 See More Speed Reads More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Mexican ambassador: Our approach to Trump is 'strategic patience' Latino — 2h 28m ago NJ Republican braves town hall fury House — 3h 26m ago John Lewis to Dems: 'Don't get lost in a sea of despair, keep the faith' Blog Briefing Room — 3h 44m ago GOP rep on Spicer: 'He needs to go' Blog Briefing Room — 4h 28m ago Spicer: Trump wanted to clear up 'blurred' line between him and Bannon Administration — 5h 16m ago Sanders: Trump will be a one-term president Blog Briefing Room — 5h 34m ago Kansas Republican could face primary challenger after close race: report Blog Briefing Room — 5h 48m ago Trump: 'We are keeping our promises' Blog Briefing Room — 6h 24m ago view all   Wal-Mart to offer discounts to compete with Amazon By Ali Breland - 04/12/17 12:44 PM EDT 6   © Getty Images Wal-Mart is launching a new effort to make inroads on Amazon’s market share by offering in-store pickup discounts on more than a million online-only products it sells. The Bentonville, Ark., company will be in direct competition with Amazon’s pickup point option, which lets users shopping online have their orders delivered to a pickup location near them. Starting on April 19, the Wal-Mart discounts will be available on 10,000 products and the savings will expand by the end of June. Wal-Mart President and CEO of eCommerce Marc Lore wrote in a post announcing the move that in-store pickups at Wal-Mart will dramatically reduce the bulk of costs associated with shipping. ADVERTISEMENT The big box retailer decided to buy Jet.com last August, as a part of its larger effort to remain competitive with Amazon. Battles between the two companies have spurred a price war to offer consumers the lowest prices possible. Amazon accounted for more than half of all domestic growth in online retail last year and was responsible for 43 percent of all U.S. online retail in the same timespan. In January of this year, Wal-Mart introduced free two-day shipping to compete with Amazon’s free two-day shipping service offered with its Prime subscriptions. Wal-Mart's version of the shipping service is available without a paid membership. In a release, Lore said Wal-Mart is “moving at the speed of a startup.” Tags Wal-Mart Amazon.com   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Report: Body of country's first... The body of the United States’ first ever female Muslim judge was found ... 1,729 Shares 2 Clinton campaign plagued by... The following is an excerpt adapted from “Shattered: Inside Hillary... 359 Shares 3 Trump flips on four policies in... President Trump on Wednesday flipped to new positions on four different... 215 Shares 4 CNN’s Acosta spars with Breitbart... CNN's Jim Acosta on Wednesday sparred with Breitbart reporter Charlie... 131 Shares 5 Foreign journalists in North Korea... There are currently about 200 foreign journalists in Pyongyang ahead of... 115 Shares 6 Trump reinforces turnaround on... President Trump at a Wednesday press conference reinforced the sense that... 108 Shares 7 White House to lift federal hiring... The White House will lift President Trump’s federal hiring freeze on... 105 Shares 8 Report: United threatened first-... United Airlines reportedly threatened a first class passenger with... 85 Shares 9 Julia Louis-Dreyfus shares video... "Veep" star Julia Louis-Dreyfus on Wednesday shared a video that likens... 68 Shares 10 Spicer: Trump wanted to clear up '... White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday President Trump... 67 Shares 11 Russia diplomat questions NBC... "Who was bringing you up?" Sergey Lavrov asked Mitchell. 63 Shares 12 Poll: Ivanka Trump the best-liked... First daughter Ivanka Trump is the most popular adviser among White House... 58 Shares 13 GOP rep on Spicer: 'He needs to go' Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.) on Wednesday called for White House press... 55 Shares 14 Report: After leaving campaign,... On the same day Paul Manafort stepped down as the campaign chairman for... 54 Shares 15 Anne Frank Center calls for Spicer... The Anne Frank Center is calling for White House press secretary Sean... 51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics X AMD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More BlackBerry (BBRY) jumps 17% on legal win against Qualcomm >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Wal-Mart Layoffs 2017: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Announces Another Round of Job Cuts WMT is cutting jobs to focus on its e-commerce business Apr 12, 2017, 11:33 am EDT  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer Get AMZN alerts: Submit     Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) has announced that it will be laying off more employees in 2017. Source: Shutterstock The newly-announced Wal-Mart layoffs 2017 will have the retail company cutting hundreds of jobs. These jobs being cut in the layoffs will reportedly take place in the retailer’s international, tech and Sam’s Club divisions. Randy Hargrove, a Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s spokesman, told CNBC that the job cuts are an expansion of its previous Wal-Mart layoffs 2017 from earlier this year. The tech company is looking to cut jobs and invest in its e-commerce platform to better compete with online retailer Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). “We will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively, true to our cost-conscious heritage,” Walmart told Fox Business Network. “In order to achieve this, from time to time you’ll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast.” Wal-Mart layoffs 2017 continue to add to the large number of jobs cuts that the company has been announcing since early last year. The company has cut about 18,000 jobs since then. However, Hargrove said many of these employees were shifted to new positions within the company. Hargrove also says that the company is planning to hire an additional 10,000 employees. These employees will be hired by the company to operate new stores that it is planning to open. This news comes despite plans from the retailer to slow down its openings of additional physical locations, CNBC notes. WMT stock was largely unaffected by the Wal-Mart layoffs 2017 new as of Wednesday morning. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/wal-mart-layoffs-2017-wmt/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever 5 Stocks for Big-Time Rebound Returns 3 Battered Value Stocks That Are Bombs, Not Bargains 3 High-Yield ETFs for Long-Term Gains Buy This Dip in Bank of America Stock Will This Catalyst Put Tesla on Steroids? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever 3 Battered Value Stocks That Aren’t Bargains — They’re Bombs! 5 Stocks to Buy for Big-Time Rebound Returns 3 High-Yield Vanguard ETFs to Buy for Long-Term Gains 5 Reasons Why Sanofi SA (ADR) (SNY) is a Good Stock to Buy Now Most Popular The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Tech Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Income Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is Finally Breaking Out The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 81F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy in the evening with more clouds for later at night. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low around 60F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 13, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Manchester Walmart Supercenter, 201 Highlands Boulevard (file photo/Post-Dispatch) Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores By Anne D'Innocenzio • Associated Press 13 hrs ago (…) Manchester Walmart Supercenter, 201 Highlands Boulevard (file photo/Post-Dispatch) Updated at 11:32 a.m. NEW YORK • Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Ark.-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers' homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart's move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It's also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon's membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. "We're creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what's best for them," Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wal-mart Commerce Economics Mark Lore View (…) comments Most popular Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters Dogtown apartment developers in talks with local grocer Why the payday loan industry is declining in Missouri Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section U.S. stock indexes post modest losses; bond yields slump Reinsurance Group CEO earns $10.4 million in final year Berkshire Hathaway reverses course on Wells Fargo Iron artwork of dog at tree missing from Venice Cafe A-B InBev to wring potential from Africa beer with exports Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Wal-Mart to discount 1 million ship-to-store items WalMart Wal-Mart will offer discounts on more than a million online-only items that customers then pick up at stores, part of an effort by the world's largest retailer to challenge Amazon. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) (Jae C. Hong) Print Email Bloomberg News By Bloomberg News The Times-Picayune on April 12, 2017 at 9:56 AM comments Wal-Mart will offer discounts on more than a million online-only items that customers then pick up at stores, part of an effort by the world's largest retailer to challenge Amazon. Taking another page from the Jet.com business it bought last year, Wal-Mart will first cut prices on about 10,000 web-only items such as Britax car seats and Lego toys, according to a statement. The Pickup Discount program, which starts on April 19, will expand to more than a million so-called "long tail" items by the end of June, the company said. "With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet's Smart Cart and marrying it with Wal-Mart's operational efficiency," Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce business, said in the statement, referring to the business model he pioneered at Jet where customers got discounts for agreeing to package items together, or forgo returns. "Quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings." The move is Lore's latest step to check Amazon's growing online dominance, and shows how he's keen to meld Jet's innovations with Wal-Mart's 4,700-store network. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart scrapped a free-shipping program that competed with Amazon's Prime membership and replaced it with free two-day deliveries for orders of at least $35. Amazon will control half of the U.S. e-commerce market by 2021, according to analysts at Needham & Co. They estimate that the online giant currently commands 34 percent, compared with Wal-Mart's less than 5 percent. The discounts vary by item and reflect the savings to Wal-Mart for shipping the orders to its stores on one of its more than 6,700 trucks, rather than to a customer's house. The $148.05 Britax B-Safe 35 infant car seat is reduced by 5 percent to $140.65, while the Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry is discounted 11 percent to $21.44. Other products in the program are Coleman coolers and Vizio televisions. In an interview, Lore called the program a "game-changer" and said the level of discounts could be adjusted going forward. "Part of the reason why we are launching 10,000 products to start and growing it over time is that we want to perfect that discount," he said. The term "long-tail" refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical retailers to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. A typical Wal-Mart supercenter offers about 120,000 items, while its website currently has 35 million products available. Wal-Mart's online sales rose 29 percent last quarter, helping its holiday results top estimates. So-called click-and-collect orders, which are picked up curbside at stores, increased 27 percent in the period. Some curbside pickup customers do enter the store to buy additional items, Lore said, declining to provide specifics. Wal-Mart paid $3.3 billion for Jet in August and quickly put founder Lore and his lieutenants in charge of its online strategy. Lore used to work at Amazon, which acquired an earlier business of his, Quidsi, operator of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com. Last month, Amazon said it's shutting Quidsi because it couldn't make a profit, eliminating more than 260 jobs. -- (c) 2017, Bloomberg. Matthew Boyle wrote this story. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 33 Greater New Orleans business people on the move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 45° Some clouds High: 56° | Low: 41° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted Yesterday at 11:19 AM Updated April 12 increase font size Wal-Mart will discount online-only items delivered to stores It's another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. By ANNE D'INOCENZIOAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article NEW YORK – Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer’s efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers’ homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart’s move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart’s average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com’s CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It’s also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon’s membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. “We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them,” Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart’s online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Business Sculptor of Wall Street’s bull wants ‘Fearless Girl’ moved News Embattled Bill O’Reilly taking longest break in years Business Stock indexes post modest losses; bond yields slump Business Northern Pass power project faces critical committee hearing Recent Read Shared Wells police officer rescues injured owl Orioles pound Wright, Red Sox early U.S. devising nationwide system for mass deportations of illegal immigrants NBA roundup: Bulls trounce Nets to clinch playoff spot Celtics secure top seed in East with a huge fourth quarter Sen. Collins seriously considering run for Maine governor in 2018 'I'm a goner': El Faro's last hours as it sailed into hurricane No sales, but marijuana 'gifts' exploit a legal limbo Another Portland restaurant closes Florida-based chain tells Rockland restaurant to change its name Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system Search for WCSH meteorologist Tom Johnston ends with discovery of body in Auburn In the centennial of his birth, Andrew Wyeth gets a closer look TV weatherman Tom Johnston remembered for his energy and humor, on air and off BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Wal-Mart has a new kind of discount -- and it's impossible for Amazon to beat Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Hayley Peterson Apr 12th 2017 10:05AM Walmart is rolling out a new discount for online shoppers that will be challenging for Amazon to beat. Starting April 19, the retailer will offer a discount to customers who ship purchases to one of Walmart's more than 4,100 US stores, instead of to a home address or elsewhere. Here's how it works: While checking out online for a purchase — for example a $1,698 Vizio flat-screen TV — shoppers will be given the option to ship the item to a store or have it sent elsewhere. If the shopper chooses to ship it to a store, Walmart will knock $50 off the purchase price. If the customer chooses to ship it to their home, the price will stay the same and Walmart will deliver it to another address for free in two days or less. Discounts will vary for every product. Generally, bigger items will have steeper discounts because they cost more to ship. The offer will be hard for Amazon —Walmart's biggest rival — to match, because Amazon doesn't have any physical stores. "We're leveraging Walmart's unique set of assets in a way that will save consumers more money," Walmart ecommerce head Marc Lore told Business Insider. Walmart will offer the deals — which the company is calling a "pickup discount"— on 10,000 items starting next week. By June, more than 1 million items will carry the discount. Here are some other examples of discounts that will be offered: $2.55 off of a Lego toy that was originally $23.99; $7.40 off of a Britax infant car seat that was originally $148.05; and $4.46 off of a Coleman cooler that was originally $111.49. See how Wal-Mart has changed over the years: 25 PHOTOS Wal-Mart stores through the years See Gallery Wal-Mart stores through the years Sam Walton's original store, Walton's Five and Dime, in Bentonville, Arkansas.  (Photo by user Bobak via Wikipedia / CC BY-SA 2.5) Family shopping at a Wal-Mart store. (Photo by Ralf-Finn Hestoft/Corbis via Getty Images) MILFORD - JUNE 1: Shoppers checking out in a Walmart store on June 1, 1996 in Milford, PA. (Photo by Waring Abbott/Getty Images) Daniel Deloria shops at Walmart in Oxnard with his family. A new ordinance proposed by Supervisor John Flynn would limit the number of food items at Walmart and Costco in Oxnard.. (Photo by Carlos Chavez/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images) (Original Caption) Asda and Wal-Mart open their first 24 hour super store in Bristol.This follows one year after the US giant Wal-Mart's 6.7 billion pound takeover of Asda.The revamped US style store is 60% cheaper. (Photo by Alex Smailes/Sygma via Getty Images) 389833 01: (FILE PHOTO) This file photo dated May 25, 2001 shows customers entering and exiting a Wal-Mart store in Quincy, MA. Six women filed a lawsuit against the retail giant June 20, 2001, claiming that the employer routintely discriminates against its female workers. They are seeking class-action status on behalf of Wal-Mart''s 700,000 current and former female employees, which, if granted, would be the largest discrimination case of its kind in US history. (Photo by Darren McCollester/Getty Images) Exterior of Walton's five and dime, a Walmart museum and tourist attraction site of Walton's first store near Walmart headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas. (Photo by Brian Vander Brug/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images) ROLLING MEADOWS, IL - JULY 26: A man leaves a Wal-Mart store July 28, 2003 in Rolling Meadows, Illinois. Wal-Mart said that sales in the month of July at its U.S. stores that were open at least one year could top expectations. Warm weather has helped turnaround slower retail sales following the cooler weather of May and June. (Photo by Tim Boyle/Getty Images) Wal * Mart Supercenter Store front entrance and parking lot in Southeast USA (Photo by Visions of America/UIG via Getty Images) Fairfax, UNITED STATES: (FILES) This 28 November, 2003, file image shows shoppers leaving the Wal-Mart store in Fairfax, Virgina. Wall Street shares traded higher Monday, with sentiment lifted by some merger and acquisition announcements and robust monthly sales from retail giant Wal-Mart. AFP PHOTO/FILES/Paul J. RICHARDS (Photo credit should read PAUL J. RICHARDS/AFP/Getty Images) ST. CHARLES, IL - JUNE 23: A female Wal-Mart employee walks through a parking lot as she returns to work at a Wal-Mart store June 23, 2004 in St. Charles, Illinois. A federal judge has ruled that Wal-Mart may be sued for sex-discrimination, the suit will be the largest class-action civil rights case in U.S. history. (Photo by Tim Boyle/Getty Images) CHINA - NOVEMBER 02: A cyclist passes by customers Tuesday November 2, 2004 outside a Wal-Mart Supercenter in Shenzhen, China. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, said it plans to open as many as 15 new stores in China next year, expanding in the world's fastest-growing economy as the government lifts curbs on foreign store operators. (Photo by Dennis Owen/Bloomberg via Getty Images) TRINIDAD, CO - MAY 15: Mountains loom over a Wal-Mart store May 15, 2005 in Trindidad, Colorado. Wal-Marts are now nearly ubiquitous on the American landscape, with over 3,000 stores coast-to-coast. With growth, Wal-Mart continues to weather criticism of low wages, anti-union policies as well as accusations that it has homogenized America's retail economy and driven traditional stores and shops out of business. (Photo by Chris Hondros/Getty Images) MIAMI - NOVEMBER 25: People stand in front of a Walmart store before the doors open at 5am on the day known as 'Black Friday' November 25, 2005 in Miami, Florida. The day after Thanksgiving traditionally kicks off the Christmas shopping season in the U.S. (Photo by Carlo Allegri/Getty Images) CHICAGO - SEPTEMBER 21: Wal-Mart employee Anna Hines walks through the parking lot of the soon-to-opened Wal-Mart September 21, 2006 in Chicago, Illinois. The controversial new Wal-Mart, Chicago's first, is set to open September 27, 2006 in the wake of a defeated Chicago wage law that would have set minimum 'living wage' requirements for big box stores. (Photo by Tim Boyle/Getty Images) UNITED STATES - MAY 08: Shoppers leave a Wal-Mart store in Trevose, Pennsylvania, U.S., on Thursday, May 8, 2008. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, posted first-quarter profit that rose more than analysts estimated after it cut prices on groceries and pharmacy items to lure consumers strained by higher food expenses and $3.70-a-gallon gasoline. (Photo by Mike Mergen/Bloomberg via Getty Images) UNITED STATES - NOVEMBER 28: Shoppers crowd a Wal-Mart store in Oakland, California, U.S., on Friday, Nov. 28, 2008. U.S. retailers opened their doors at midnight and discounted merchandise as much as 70 percent on the day after Thanksgiving to entice customers during what may be the worst holiday shopping season in six years. (Photo by Chip Chipman/Bloomberg via Getty Images) CHINA - JULY 16: The Wal-Mart Stores Inc. logo is seen outside a store in Beijing, China on Thursday, July 16, 2009. Wal-Mart announced today that it will sponsor the USA National Pavilion at the Shanghai World Expo in 2010. (Photo by Adam Dean/Bloomberg via Getty Images) ROLLING MEADOWS, IL - JANUARY 12: A Sam's Club store sits next to a Walmart store January 12, 2010 in Rolling Meadows, Illinois. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the parent company of Sam's Club, announced that it will cut approximately 10 percent of its 110,000 Sam's Club workforce as it tries to revive the big box retailer's sagging sales. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. store stands in Princeton, Illinois, U.S., on Wednesday, March 16, 2011. More than 100 Wal-Mart Stores Inc. workers paint a similar picture in sworn complaints about the company: Local managers made sexist decisions about promotions and pay, and top officials did nothing to stop them. The U.S. Supreme Court is poised to consider whether those allegations warrant a class-action suit of unprecedented size. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images The exterior of a Walmart Express store as seen in Chicago, July 26, 2011. (Photo by John Gress/Corbis via Getty Images) CHICAGO, IL - AUGUST 15: Customers shop at a Walmart Neighborhood Market store on August 15, 2013 in Chicago, Illinois. Walmart, the world's largest retailer, reported a surprise decline in second-quarter same-store sales today. The retailer also cut its revenue and profit forecasts for the fiscal year. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) Signage points customers to Walmart.com at the pharmacy exit during the grand opening of a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. location in the Chinatown neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, U.S., on Thursday, Sept. 19, 2013. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will phase out 10 chemicals it sells in favor of safer alternatives and disclose the chemicals contained in four product categories, the company announced Sept. 12. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via Getty Images A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. location stands in Brasilia, Brazil, on Friday, Jan. 15, 2016. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to close 269 stores, including its experimental small-format Express outlets, in a push to streamline the chain that will affect 16,000 jobs. The effort includes the closing of 60 money-losing stores in Brazil, a country where Wal-Mart has struggled. Photographer: Lula Marques/Bloomberg via Getty Images Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE But there's a catch: discounts will only be applied to items that aren't already available in stores. Lore said the program won't require any additional investments from Walmart. "The cost to get stuff from a fulfillment center to a store all together on a truck is not that expensive," Lore told Business Insider. "The expensive part is when you deliver [the items] to an individual person's home." By cutting out that leg of the trip, Walmart will save money, and pass those savings on to consumers. Walmart has been ramping up its ecommerce operations since its $3 billion purchase last year of Jet.com, which was founded by Lore. The idea for the "pickup discount" was inspired by Jet, which is known for its so-called "smart-cart" options that allow shoppers to save money if they bundle purchases into larger packages or give up services like free returns. Walmart plans to implement more options like those offered by Jet in the future, according to Lore. "In the coming months, you will continue to see ways for us to empower customers to shop smarter," he said. NOW WATCH: People are outraged by a Pepsi ad starring Kendall Jenner — here's how the company responded See Also: 'The dominoes are starting to fall': Retailers are going bankrupt at a staggering rate Dollar General is defying the retail apocalypse and opening 1,000 stores — here's what its like to shop there Walmart's relentless price war is crushing America's biggest grocer SEE ALSO: 'The dominoes are starting to fall': Retailers are going bankrupt at a staggering rate Tags Amazon Discounts Retail Shopping Stores Walmart Walmart eCommerce Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Baby Encounters A Pony For Very The First Time - But Nobody Could Have Predicted What What Is It Like to Be Sold by Your Own Mother? Bullfrog Swallows A Tiny Newt Whole - But Isn't Prepared When It Fights Back From Within The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months Pay no interest until June 2018 with this card The highest paying cash back card is here Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today 15 reasons why the irs might decide to audit you 10 worst states in america for fair tax systems You probably can’t afford to live in the world’s 10 most expensive cities The 15 Best Places to Live in the United States 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 15 Least Stressed Cities in America Recommended For You 1 America's major domestic airlines, ranked 2 Even doctors are getting priced out of San Francisco's housing market 3 Wal-Mart has a new kind of discount -- and it's impossible for Amazon to beat 4 These 25 companies will pay you the highest salaries, according to Glassdoor 5 Will more states offer free college? Poll finds plurality agrees with free tuition 6 TripAdvisor names the best airlines in the world (and United is nowhere to be found) 7 Airbnb will now collect taxes at Coachella (and France and Texas) 8 Of course some people actually liked that Pepsi ad Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,344.93-8.85-0.38% DJIA20,591.86-59.44-0.29% NASDAQ5,836.16-30.61-0.52% DAX12,154.7015.350.13% NIKKEI 22518,426.84-125.77-0.68% HANG SENG24,346.4332.930.14% USD (per EUR)1.070.00-0.14% USD (per CHF)1.000.000.13% JPY (per USD)109.210.310.29% GBP (per USD)1.250.000.01% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Here's how much airlines will pay for your seatCNNMoney Trump says he created 600,000 jobs. Not trueCNNMoney An overlooked reason United can kick you off a flightCNNMoney Russia could soon control a U.S. oil companyCNNMoney Stocks: 5 things to know before the bellCNNMoney Fox News, Bill O'Reilly face growing pressureCNNMoney Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcyCNNMoney US women's hockey team makes historyCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Thu, Apr 13 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Ford ProjectScorpio ZTEQuartz Mastodon Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Walmart Adding 'Pickup Discount' to 1M Online-Only Products Walmart Adding 'Pickup Discount' to 1M Online-Only Products By Matthew Humphries April 12, 2017 07:00am EST 10 Comments If you order online, but opt to pick up your items from a local store, Walmart will lower the price. One of the biggest challenges facing retailers regardless of whether they are online only or have physical locations, is price. Consumers will always try and buy for the lowest price, which means profit margins are cut ever thinner to try and be competitive. Walmart is no exception to this rule, but the retailer's latest discount idea trades a little customer convenience for potentially large savings. On April 19, Walmart is introducing Pickup Discount. It allows customers to claim a discount on products offered only through Walmart's online store if they choose to pick it the items rather than having them delivered. The online purchase goes through as usual, but instead of a delivery to your door, the order ships to your local Walmart. The savings can be just a few dollars, for example, the Coleman 150 qt Heritage XP Marine Cooler is $111.49, but gets a $4.46 Pickup Discount. However, some items offer much bigger discounts, for example, the VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70-inch 4K Ultra HD TV costs $1,698, but gets a $50 Pickup Discount. That's on top of the $300 discount Walmart already applied to the list price. If you buy a number of these items together, you can see how the savings could stack up. Related Walmart Wants Drones in Stores Shopping for You Walmart Wants Drones in Stores Shopping for You For Walmart, the discounts can be offered because the most expensive part of shipping is the "last mile delivery costs," meaning the trip to each home. By instead putting products on one of the company's 6,700+ trucks traveling to stores, it saves quite a bit of cash. For the customer, it's a trip to Walmart, which many will be happy to do if they just saved tens or even hundreds of dollars. According to TechCrunch, the idea for Pickup Discount came from Jet.com's Smart Cart technology. Walmart acquired Jet last year and quickly started taking advantage of how the company allowed consumers to save money with more purchasing options. Initially, around 10,000 products will be listed with a Pickup Discount available at over 4,000 stores. By June, Walmart wants to get that to one million products. It also looks likely there will be multiple ways to get your item once in store, with the Pickup Tower vending machine likely playing a major role, as will curb side pickups. Back to top Previous : Google: Gender Pay Gap? Nope, Nothing to See Here Google AutoDraw Turns Doodles Into Art Next : By Matthew Humphries Senior Editor Matthew is PCMag's UK-based editor and news reporter. Prior to joining the team, he spent 14 years writing and editing content on our sister site Geek.com and has covered most areas of technology, but is especially passionate about games tech. Alongside PCMag, he's a freelance video game designer. Matthew holds a BSc degree in Computer Science from Birmingham University and a Masters in Computer Games Development from Abertay University. More » More Stories by Matthew Nintendo Offers $20K for Hacking a Switch The Switch is selling well, now Nintendo wants to ensure the games do too by thwarting piracy before... More » Google AutoDraw Turns Doodles Into Art Not everyone can draw, so Google created an AI that turns our terrible sketches into works of art. More » Bandai Namco Brings Back Classic Tamagotchi The virtual pet key chain is reborn in a smaller form, but staying true to the original. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills The Strange World of Console-Computer Hybrids 5 Video Games You'll Want to Buy in April Privacy 101: Why You Need a VPN Spotify Tricks That Will Make You a Streaming Samurai 20 Tricks to Master Google Photos »See More //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 10 Apps Every Lazy Person Needs Google Drive Tips You Can't Afford to Miss »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports All-America Economic Survey My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Nearly every American spent money at Wal-Mart last year The NPD Group's Checkout Tracking Service finds that the largest percentage of Americans spent money at Wal-Mart, McDonald's and Target last year Dollar Tree recorded the biggest gains Chick-fil-A was the biggest gainer among restaurants Amazon barely squeaked into the top 20 Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Lucas Jackson | Reuters Shoppers look at merchandise at a Walmart store in Secaucus, New Jersey. When it comes to where Americans like to shop, one thing is immediately clear: They're after value. According to new data from The NPD Group's Checkout Tracking Service, the largest percentage of Americans spent money at Walmart, McDonald's and Target last year. Some 95 percent of U.S. consumers shopped at one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 stores or on its website in 2016, according to NPD. It was followed by McDonald's at 89 percent and Target at 84 percent. That means more than 5 in 6 U.S. shoppers made a purchase at those chains. Among retailers, Dollar Tree recorded the biggest gains from 2015. It opened nearly 600 stores under that name last year. Chick-fil-A, which is also in expansion mode, was the biggest gainer among restaurants. Despite accounting for more than half of the growth in online spending last year, Amazon barely squeaked into the top 20. Some 42 percent of consumers spent money on Amazon, according to NPD. Amazon tends to attract a higher-income shopper than Wal-Mart, though the expansion of its subscription Prime program to a broader swath of the population has lowered its shoppers' average income. Wal-Mart's place at the top of the list shouldn't come as much of a surprise, given its U.S. division rang up an industry-leading $307.8 billion in revenue last year. NPD's data, collected in collaboration with Slice Intelligence, was pulled from the receipts of more than 4 million shoppers. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT ---
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Walmart cutting hundreds of corporate jobs: reports Walmart1.JPG (file photo) Print Email Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com By Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com AL.com Follow on Twitter on April 12, 2017 at 8:48 AM comments Hundreds of jobs will be cut as Walmart works to manage costs and capital. CNBC reports Walmart is laying off workers in its international, technology and Sam's Club divisions, following a decision to eliminate about 1,000 corporate jobs earlier this year. "It's really a continuation of what we said back in January," Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove said this week to CNBC. Hargrove told CNBC Walmart has slashed about 18,000 jobs since early 2016; however, many of those workers have been reassigned to other roles within the company. Click here to read the full report from CNBC. It is unclear exactly how many positions will be eliminated and where the cuts will take place. 24/7 Wall Street reports Walmart is Alabama's largest employer, as it is in 23 other states. The retailer employs more than 38,000 people in the state. AL.com reported in March that Walmart will open a new distribution center in Mobile. The facility, expected to add more than 500 jobs in coastal Alabama, is an estimated $126.9 million project. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Problem Solvers 4 Our Veterans Local Hot Spots Community Traffic Sports Weather 54° 54° Low 43° High 66° Thu 54° 72° Fri 59° 77° Sat 60° 78° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Walmart’s ‘Pickup Discount’ to give customers cheaper price for ordering online, picking up in store Posted 8:51 am, April 12, 2017, by CBS4 Web, Updated at 08:55AM, April 12, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest × Walmart’s ‘Pickup Discount’ to give customers cheaper price for ordering online, picking up in store Walmart fired the latest salvo in its online price war against Amazon by announcing discounts for customers who order items online and then pick them up at the store. The program, “Pickup Discount,” will roll out on April 19. It will start with about 10,000 items that customers can buy online and pick up at any Walmart store. They’ll save a few dollars in the process, the retailer said. The discount will include more than a million items by the end of June. Walmart offered a few examples of what customers can expect. A Britax infant car seat going for $148.05 will get a discount of $7.40 for in-store pickup, bringing the price to $140.65. The LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry retails for $23.99. A customer using the Pickup Discount can snag it for $21.44, a savings of $2.55. Another item used as an example: a VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70” Class 4K Ultra HDTV. The item normally costs $1,698, but customers using the Pickup Discount can get it for $1,648, saving $50 on the purchase. “Pickup is about serving you where you are,” wrote Mark Ibbotson, executive vice president of Walmart’s central operations, in a blog post. “Ninety percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store, and we serve more than 140 million customers a week, which gives us a unique opportunity to make every day a little easier for busy families.” The new discount is influenced by Jet.com, which offered discounts to customers for buying more items from the same warehouse and for waiving free returns. The measures both saved the online retailer money. Jet.com founder Marc Lore became Walmart’s e-commerce chief when Walmart acquired Jet last year. Filed in: National & World, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Popular Dorothy Mengering, mother of David Letterman, dies at 95, publicist confirms Colts have interest in free-agent nose tackle Johnathan Hankins United CEO issues statement after video shows man being dragged off plane Indian anchor learns husband died in story she’s reporting Latest News TRAFFIC: I-69 Closed in Delaware County Two local Indianapolis Cubs fans present team with World Series rings Pacers beat Hawks 104-86 to clinch playoff spot New Anderson burglary theft unit making impact on crime National & World News Target unveils plans for 500 revamped stores around the country National & World News Walmart offering free two-day shipping for online orders with no membership required National & World News Costco raising membership fee for first time in 6 years National & World News Harbor Freight shoppers could get money back for tool purchases as part of settlement News Lowe’s looks to hire nearly 900 employees in Indianapolis area News Westfield ready to fill in potholes with cost saving method National & World News Company recalls Xbox One controller chargers that could overheat, pose burn risk News Bloomington residents offered chance to solarize homes at a discount News Holiday returns: The ultimate re-gifting warehouse Crime News Terre Haute woman accused of taking rebate card from mail, using it at hardware store Crime News Indianapolis Walmart employee charged with battery after allegedly attacking customer News Palmer’s Candies, Hy-Vee recall long list of products over salmonella concerns National & World News Apple’s latest iPhone has customers seeing red Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest 4.12.17: Your morning briefing 4.11.17: Your morning briefing 4.10.17: Your morning briefing 4.07.17: Your morning briefing 4.06.17: Your morning briefing search goes here 4.12.17: Your morning briefing By John Adams Published April 12 2017, 7:57am EDT More in Briefing Print Email Reprints Share Share on Welcome to the PaymentsSource Morning Briefing, delivered daily. The information you need to start your day, including top headlines from PaymentsSource and around the Web: Walmart's full-court press on Amazon: Walmart's invested a lot of money into building its e-commerce strength while reducing logistical costs, such as via last year's $3 billion Jet.com acquisition, and it faces an increasingly threatening rival in Amazon. Walmart is now putting that investment to work in a multi-channel marketing push against Amazon's model. ReCode reports Walmart will offer discounts for online orders from consumers who agree to pick up their products at a nearby store instead of home delivery. The discounts range from 3% to 5%, and include about one million items that will be phased in between April 19 and June. The discounts are possible because it's easier for Walmart to ship good to its stores than to individual homes, and is part of a broader strategy to use Walmart's nearly 5,000 store network as part of its online ecosystem. The new campaign is a follow up to an earlier initiative in which Walmart offered free two-day deliveries for orders of at least $35. IMAGE: Bloomberg News Hong Kong thinks about blockchain: As China builds its own virtual currency, Hong Kong is also exploring the idea. Coindesk reports the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the bank-driven R3 blockchain consortium are investigating how a virtual currency could be used to perform transactions such as interbank and inter-corporate payments in the wholesale market, and how the virtual currency would impact securities settlement. Initial work should be completed by the fourth quarter of 2017, at which time the authority will consider its next steps. R3 is also comparing models for central governments to use when adopting virtual currency, and the HKMA is working on a proof of concept to use distributed ledger technology to power trade finance with Bank of China, Bank of East Asia, Hang Seng, HSBC, Standard Chartered and Deloitte. One sandbox fits all?: The U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority is calling for countries to agree on a framework for financial and payments technology to avoid discord as transaction and payment apps become increasingly international. Finextra reports the FCA is worried about a "wild west" approach, which would include widely varied "sandboxes" that developers use to build new technology. The concern actually starts in the U.K., where the government set up a lower-regulated sandbox in 2015 for startups to test their ideas. This concept has caught on in other countries, though with different version of sandboxes. The FCA is not pushing for standards, but more of a cooperative stance between countries when offering "safe zones" for development, so the companies that emerge are more prepared to comply with different financial and payment regulations in different countries when their products launch. Brexit bent, but not broken: U.K. technology startups are concerned about the impact of Brexit, though London is holding on to its status as a top international technology city. According to Law 360, London and Singapore are tied as the top international hubs for financial services technology, citing Deloitte. The cities' heft as financial technology centers is determined by analysis from Innotribe, Swift's innovation unit. The data includes local market conditions, future trends and a performance score for how easy it is to develop a fintech business. New York is third in the ranking, Silicon Valley fourth and Chicago fifth. Charlotte and Toronto represented North America in the rankings. The research also noted improving conditions in the Netherlands, Russia, Switzerland and Norway, which have set up programs to encourage financial technology development. More from PaymentsSource Merchants that lag in EMV may switch to semi-integrated systems Equipment and software certification continues to be a major holdup when it comes to implementing EMV-chip card acceptance at the point of sale. Some providers say they have found a worthy work-around in the form of semi-integrated EMV systems. GameStop's breach is a call for biometric ID security The GameStop data breach is a lesson in business transparency, and a reminder that payment technology at the point of sale and elsewhere is too outmoded to protect consumers. Cloud is crucial to compete with fintech: Barclaycard U.S.'s new CIO If Silicon Valley is coming for banks, Barclaycard has made a shrewd move: It plucked its newest chief information officer for U.S. operations straight from Palo Alto, Calif. Facebook adds support for group payments Facebook has expanded the power of its person-to-person payments feature within its Messenger chat app by enabling group payments. John Adams John Adams is Executive Editor of PaymentsSource. More from this Author TSYS plans to shutter tech centers as part of restructuring Retailers' digital demands are driving mergers of old and new tech 4.11.17: Your morning briefing Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters E-Commerce Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Walmart partners with JD.com to launch online store in China for British supermarket chain Asda  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›E-Commerce E-COMMERCE Walmart partners with JD.com to launch online store in China for British supermarket chain Asda Asda’s primary offerings on JD.com will be food and health products, including items such as biscuits, coffee, tea bags, nuts, energy bars, and baby food PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 12 April, 2017, 8:05pm UPDATED : Wednesday, 12 April, 2017, 10:15pm Comments:   Meng Jing Share PrintEmail Walmart is hoping to sell more British produce in China after launching a store on the country’s second largest online retailer JD.com, for its UK supermarket chain Asda. The launch of the store – clearly an effort to attract more China’s middle-class shoppers, who increasingly crave quality foreign products – is the latest move after a strategic alliance between Walmart and the Beijing-based JD.com was agreed last year. Walmart increased its own stake in JD.com to 12.1 per cent after selling its own China e-commerce operation to JD.com in exchange for a 5 per cent stake in the Chinese e-commerce major in June 2016. “Walmart is delighted to provide JD.com’s 226 million customers access to Asda’s quality British products at competitive prices,” said Ben Hassing, senior vice president of e-commerce for Walmart China. Asda’s primary offerings on JD.com will be food and health products, including items such as biscuits, coffee, tea bags, nuts, energy bars, and baby food. Hassing said the companies expect the initial selection of products to significantly expand in the months and years ahead. Using online channels is increasingly seen as a critical strategy for foreign retailors to gain access to China’s growing middle-classes, who are often young, tech-savvy and keen on foreign products which they regard as safer and higher quality than domestic counterparts. A number of foreign supermarket chains, including the UK’s Sainsbury’s and Germany’s Aldi, have already launched online stores on e-commerce sites run by Alibaba Group. Selling foreign supermarket products online is a nice touch to enrich the two platforms’ online offerings. But I don’t think foreign supermarkets can create significant sales in China via this cross-border shopping model Lu Zhenwang, CEO of the Shanghai-based Wanqing Consultancy Alibaba and JD.com are competing head-to-head on prices and quicker delivery times to attract traditional supermarket goers to shop online for fast-moving consumer goods – such as groceries, shampoo and bathroom tissues – to lure shoppers on their sites. But some experts remain sceptical on the actual sales performance of foreign supermarket-sold goods in China. “Selling foreign supermarket products online is a nice touch to enrich the two platforms’ online offerings. But I don’t think foreign supermarkets can create significant sales in China via this cross-border shopping model,” Lu Zhenwang, CEO of the Shanghai-based Wanqing Consultancy. “Compared with their rich selections in home markets, there is only a limited number of items that are suitable to ship to Chinese shoppers.” Market research firm eMarketer predicts that China’s overseas online shopping sector will be worth $157.7 billion by 2020, from about $86 billion last year. Alibaba owns the South China Morning Post. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Walmart, JD.com team up to launch Asda in China   Most Popular Viewed 1 Chinese firm halves costs by hiring army of robots 2 Huawei chief sees no future for smartwatches 3 New plan could make it easier for Chinese firms to sell stocks 4 BlackBerry eyes fresh start in China as software company 5 Tencent joins eBay and Microsoft in US$1.4b Flipkart investment Shared 1 Huawei chief sees no future for smartwatches 2 Chinese firm halves costs by hiring army of robots 3 Tencent joins eBay and Microsoft in US$1.4b Flipkart investment 4 New plan could make it easier for Chinese firms to sell stocks 5 BlackBerry eyes fresh start in China as software company Commented 1 Climate change will lead to ‘huge increase in turbulence on flights’ 2 Chinese firm halves costs by hiring army of robots 3 Why China’s Asian honeybees are losing out to their Western peers 4 Huawei chief sees no future for smartwatches 5 New plan could make it easier for Chinese firms to sell stocks Promotions SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like China Tsai turns to home-grown weapons to boost Taiwan’s arms industry 11 Apr 2017 - 9:58am 6 Household appliances create Greener homes by turning food into fertiliser and monitoring recyclable waste In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Where Hong Kong got its thing for crowning people king 11 Apr 2017 - 7:31am [SCMP Archive] A fun way to raise funds Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School News Retirees to get up to HK$5,800 a month under HK$10b annuity plan 11 Apr 2017 - 11:08am 43 China Beijingers urged to report foreign spies for up to 500,000-yuan reward Apr 11th 2017, 6:19pm Insight & Opinion What does the HK Sevens have to do with Hongkongers? 10 Apr 2017 - 5:56pm 116 China US and North Korea ‘closer to brink’ of accidental conflict 10 Apr 2017 - 1:29am 61 Hong Kong Mainland blocks Hong Kong Film Awards as Trivisa wins top prize 10 Apr 2017 - 3:02pm 3 Hong Kong Cathay Pacific hits out at union after it ups stakes in dispute 9 Apr 2017 - 11:21pm 22 Politics Ill-fated IPO that could sway Malaysia’s election 9 Apr 2017 - 12:37pm 19 Opinion The hits and misses in Mar-a-Lago 9 Apr 2017 - 7:55am 11 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AP To counter Amazon, Wal-Mart discounts 1 million online items Filed under Retail at 19 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Wal-Mart will offer discounts on more than a million online-only items that customers then pick up at stores, part of an effort by the world's largest retailer to challenge Amazon. Taking another page from the Jet.com business it bought last year, Wal-Mart will first cut prices on about 10,000 web-only items such as Britax car seats and Lego toys, according to a statement. The Pickup Discount program, which starts on April 19, will expand to more than a million so-called "long tail" items by the end of June, the company said. "With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet's Smart Cart and marrying it with Wal-Mart's operational efficiency," Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce business, said in the statement, referring to the business model he pioneered at Jet where customers got discounts for agreeing to package items together, or forgo returns. "Quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings." The move is Lore's latest step to check Amazon's growing online dominance, and shows how he's keen to meld Jet's innovations with Wal-Mart's 4,700-store network. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart scrapped a free-shipping program that competed with Amazon's Prime membership and replaced it with free two-day deliveries for orders of at least $35. Amazon will control half of the U.S. e-commerce market by 2021, according to analysts at Needham & Co. They estimate that the online giant currently commands 34 percent, compared with Wal-Mart's less than 5 percent. The discounts vary by item and reflect the savings to Wal-Mart for shipping the orders to its stores on one of its more than 6,700 trucks, rather than to a customer's house. The $148.05 Britax B-Safe 35 infant car seat is reduced by 5 percent to $140.65, while the Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry is discounted 11 percent to $21.44. Other products in the program are Coleman coolers and Vizio televisions. In an interview, Lore called the program a "game-changer" and said the level of discounts could be adjusted going forward. "Part of the reason why we are launching 10,000 products to start and growing it over time is that we want to perfect that discount," he said. The term "long-tail" refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical retailers to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. A typical Wal-Mart supercenter offers about 120,000 items, while its website currently has 35 million products available. Wal-Mart's online sales rose 29 percent last quarter, helping its holiday results top estimates. So-called click-and-collect orders, which are picked up curbside at stores, increased 27 percent in the period. Some curbside pickup customers do enter the store to buy additional items, Lore said, declining to provide specifics. Wal-Mart paid $3.3 billion for Jet in August and quickly put founder Lore and his lieutenants in charge of its online strategy. Lore used to work at Amazon, which acquired an earlier business of his, Quidsi, operator of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com. Last month, Amazon said it's shutting Quidsi because it couldn't make a profit, eliminating more than 260 jobs. -By Matthew Boyle, Washington Post via Bloomberg View Comments Tags Retail Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
blog news articles page Contact us Key Differences Between Key Differences Between articles Advantages of case study method Commercial Advantages of Solar Energy | SolarWorld USA Date: 2017-04-12 11:53 More videos «Advantages of case study method» The Advantages and Limitations of Single Case Study Analysis ABusiness Case for Workers Age 50Plus: A Value at the Case Study Analysis - Acadia University India is not a homogeneous market, so ours is not a cookie-cutter approach from the . …Wal-Mart is in no hurry to unfurl the Wal-Mart flag nationally. The easiest thing is to roll out stores, but the most difficult is to sustain and feed them. Raj Jain, President of Wal-Mart India in May 7559. The Advantages and Limitations of Single Case Study Analysis Case Study This patient presented in January 7565 to the orthodontist with a chief concern that the 8775 cuspids need to be brought down 8776 and that he wanted to address his front teeth that had been traumatized in a hockey accident three years prior. Diagnostic records were obtained in March five days prior to the records, he fell and traumatized 77. Figures 6 and 7 shows patient’s full smile and retracted anterior view. ABusiness Case for Workers Age 50Plus: A Value at the The full integration of the digital facial photo and digital impression is shown in Figure 68. The digital impression is guided into correct position by utilizing the software tools as seen in Figure 68. Case Study Analysis - Acadia University EDI integration has been successfully implemented in large, Fortune 555 organizations for many years with concrete, measurable returns on investment. The surprising part for most small businesses is that EDI integration can make a significant positive impact even at low revenue numbers. Data integration can provide ultimate efficiency: increased inventory turns and reduced labor costs that every business aspires to achieve. The cost savings can be dramatic even for a modest operation that would ordinarily never consider a data integration solution. What's a small business to do? This white paper discusses how small-sized businesses can best benefit from EDI integration, and what steps to take to adopt EDI. The Bladon Jets micro gas turbine provides a game-changing solution for a number of key growth markets, where its small size, light weight and high output deliver significant advantages over traditional power units. This 798 kWp SolarWorld system serves the Cucamonga Valley Water District in Rancho Cucamonga, California. Installed in 7556, the system has demonstrated remarkable performance in meeting the facility's energy needs. In fact, our superior solar technologies combined with the Inland Empire's climate resulted in the system producing 75% more energy than predicted. Cucamonga Valley Water District solar case study​ ​ Figure 8 shows preparations from the occlusal view as well as occlusal contact points. As seen in Figure 9, an approximated final incisal and maxillary midline position was roughly drawn with pencil and captured by the Omni cam on the facial surfaces of 86 and 96. This was to help confirm our smile design is accurate. The stunning Jaguar C-X75 concept study highlights how Bladon Jets micro gas turbines could be used to create a new generation of high-performance, high-efficiency hybrid electric vehicle. Using EDI to manage your business can be purely reactive and can also be a strategic core-competency that drives growth. Having a critical understanding of EDI, how it impacts your business, and how you can maximize use of this technology is critical for any small and mid-sized business in today's market of margin pressures and high competition. Find out what the three phases of EDI adoption are and how to be ready for them. 8766 In most countries, supermarket chains create and manage well-oiled supply chains to offer consumers lower prices and dampen inflationary trends. Inflation in India is touching decade-highs. But then it 8767 s a fallacy that in India it is always about low price 8767 . Companies like Tata, Birla and Reliance have all attempted to enter food-and-grocery retailing in India with mixed success. Will Wal-Mart 8767 s supply chain work in India? «Advantages of case study method» in pictures. More images «Advantages of case study method». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml | News
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat Hayley Peterson Apr. 12, 2017, 7:37 AM 250,610 facebook linkedin twitter email print Reuters Walmart is rolling out a new discount for online shoppers that will be challenging for Amazon to beat. Starting April 19, the retailer will offer a discount to customers who ship purchases to one of Walmart's more than 4,700 US stores instead of to a home or elsewhere. Here's how it works: While checking out online for a purchase — for example, a $1,698 Vizio flat-screen TV — shoppers will be given the option to ship the item to a store or have it sent elsewhere. If the shopper chooses to ship the TV to a store, Walmart will knock $50 off the purchase price. If the customer chooses to ship it to their home, the price will stay the same and Walmart will deliver it for free in two days or less. Discounts will vary for every product. Generally, bigger items will have steeper discounts because they cost more to ship. The offer will be hard for Amazon, Walmart's biggest rival, to match, because Amazon doesn't have any physical stores. "We're leveraging Walmart's unique set of assets in a way that will save consumers more money," Walmart e-commerce head Marc Lore told Business Insider. Walmart will offer the deal, which the company is calling a "pickup discount," on 10,000 items starting next week. By June, more than 1 million items will have the discount. Here are some other examples of discounts that will be offered: $2.55 off a Lego toy that originally was $23.99. $7.40 off a Britax infant car seat that originally was $148.05. $4.46 off a Coleman cooler that originally was $111.49. But there's a catch: Discounts will be applied only to items that aren't already available in stores. Lore said the program wouldn't require any additional investment from Walmart. "The cost to get stuff from a fulfillment center to a store all together on a truck is not that expensive," Lore told Business Insider. "The expensive part is when you deliver [the items] to an individual person's home." By cutting out that leg of the trip, Walmart will save money and pass those savings on to consumers. Walmart has been ramping up its e-commerce operations since its $3 billion purchase last year of Jet.com, which was founded by Lore. The idea for the "pickup discount" was inspired by Jet, which is known for its so-called smart-cart options that allow shoppers to save money if they bundle purchases into larger packages or give up services like free returns. Walmart plans to implement more options like those, according to Lore. "In the coming months, you will continue to see ways for us to empower customers to shop smarter," he said. SEE ALSO: 'The dominoes are starting to fall': Retailers are going bankrupt at a staggering rate NOW WATCH: 5 Costco purchases that make your membership virtually free Loading video... More: Retail Amazon Walmart Discounts Shopping Stores facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat Walmart is rolling out a new discount for... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 81F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy in the evening with more clouds for later at night. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low around 60F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 13, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Manchester Walmart Supercenter, 201 Highlands Boulevard (file photo/Post-Dispatch) Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores By Anne D'Innocenzio • Associated Press 14 hrs ago (…) Manchester Walmart Supercenter, 201 Highlands Boulevard (file photo/Post-Dispatch) Updated at 11:32 a.m. NEW YORK • Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Ark.-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers' homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart's move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Who's hired? Check our People in Business These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It's also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon's membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. "We're creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what's best for them," Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wal-mart Commerce Economics Mark Lore View (…) comments Most popular Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters Dogtown apartment developers in talks with local grocer Why the payday loan industry is declining in Missouri Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section U.S. stock indexes post modest losses; bond yields slump Reinsurance Group CEO earns $10.4 million in final year Berkshire Hathaway reverses course on Wells Fargo Iron artwork of dog at tree missing from Venice Cafe A-B InBev to wring potential from Africa beer with exports Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com The largest employer in Alabama Updated on April 12, 2017 at 6:02 AM Posted on April 12, 2017 at 6:01 AM By Leada Gore lgore@al.com Who is Alabama's largest non-government employer?Leada Gore | lgore@al.com  In almost every state, the government is the largest employer. There are more than 22 million public employees - both at the federal and state-level- in the U.S. In contrast, Walmart, the nation's largest non-government employer, has about 1.5 million workers in the U.S. Most state economies are relatively diverse but there are certain companies, such as Walmart, that stand out in terms of the number of employees, as 24/7 Wall Street found in its recent analysis of each state's largest employer. The study found Walmart is Alabama's largest employer, as it is in 23 other states. The nation's largest retailer employs more than 38,000 people in the state. Outside of Walmart, the second most-common business sector found in the largest employer list is healthcare, such as in Maryland (John Hopkins has 51,725 employees) and Minnesota (Mayo Clinic has 34,562 employees). Some of the more unique entries belong to: Colorado - Denver International Airport, 35,000 employees Hawaii - University of Hawaii, 10,106 employees Iowa - University of Iowa, 24,598 employees Maine - Hannaford Supermarkets, 8,500 employees Nevada - MGM Resorts International, 55,200 employees Washington state - Boeing, 71,036 employees Welcome to Wednesday's Wake Up Call. Let's see what's going on: Town manager shoots himself The recently-hired manager of Christiansburg, Virginia shot himself Tuesday, just weeks after a woman went to court accusing him of harassment. Steve Biggs, 53, shot himself in the head about four hours after police arrived at his apartment. He was flown to the hospital with life-threatening injuries. A 23-year-old woman had filed a complaint against Biggs last month claiming he was harassing her and sending her hateful text messages. A judge ordered a three-day emergency protective order against Biggs but opted not to grant a 15-day protective order after holding a hearing on the subject. Police said they have investigated the charges and found no probably cause to charge Biggs with stalking or any crime. Master's jacket found at thrift store sells for thousands A jacket reportedly purchased at a Canadian thrift store for $5 recently drew a six-figure bid at auction. Why? The green jacket has been identified as a member's coat from the legendary Augusta National Golf Club. The coat dates to the 1950s with several photographs of the jacket - including one on a magazine cover - exist. It was purchased at a Toronto second-hand shop in 1994. The jacket drew 34 bids at auction, starting at $5,000 and ending at $139,349. The buyer, whose name has not been released, lives in the U.S. Florida declares state of emergency over wildfires Gov. Rick Scott has declared a state of emergency in Florida following recent wildfires that have swept across the state. Wildfires in the state have already burned 250 percent more acreage during the first three months of 2017 than during the same period last year and dry, hot summer conditions are expected to make that worse. There are currently 100 active wildfires across more than 20,000 acres in Florida. Until tomorrow. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Investigators Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 49° F Clear Hi: 70° F Lo: 42° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Investigators Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Trump, Xi converge on currency, Syria as US-China ties warm April 12, 2017 The United States and China struck what appeared to be an unusual bargain Wednesday as President Donald Trump said he won’t label China a cu… News 8’s Scott McDonnell judges Boys & Girls Club “Youth of the Year” Contest April 12, 2017 Wednesday evening, News 8 Anchor Scott McDonnell was able to be a judge at the New Haven Boys and Girls Club “Youth of the Year Contest.” House Speaker says some tolls could be ready in 18 months April 12, 2017 Derby High School offering support for students after fatal crash April 12, 2017 Elderly driver runs red light, hits woman in West Hartford April 12, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 49° F Clear Feels Like: 45° F Wind: N 9 Humidity: 64% Dewpoint: 37° F Sunrise: 6:16 AM Sunset: 7:29 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 49° F Clear Hi: 70° F Lo: 42° F Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores By Associated Press Published: April 12, 2017, 6:37 am Updated: April 12, 2017, 6:50 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Image: Shutterstock) NEW YORK (AP) — Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer’s efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart will expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. It is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on the cost of shipping to individual shoppers’ homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart’s move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping with an annual fee of $49 with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Wal-Mart opts for free, faster shipping on necessities Hard times for Sears as retailer notes doubt about future What to buy at the drug store Payless to close 5 Connecticut stores Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart will pay you to go into its stores ... sort of CNBC Krystina Gustafson 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 5 easy ways to save on your cell phone bill What you need to know about Social Security in 2017 Click to expand Replay Video United Airlines CEO attempts to make things right amid PR nightmare CEO Oscar Munoz referred to the incident as a "truly horrific event." Newsy Daily Mail settles with Melania Trump UK's Daily Mail will pay U.S. First Lady Melania Trump an undisclosed sum and issue an apology for publishing a story saying the U.S. First Lady had offered "services beyond simply modelling" in her former job. Alicia Powell reports. Reuters Amazon could surge to $1,000 a share in 2018 There's no stopping Amazon's stock as the company continues to grow. Angeli Kakade (@angelikakade) has the story. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wal-Mart is going to start offering discounts on in-store pick ups CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next United Airlines CEO attempts to make things right amid PR nightmare Newsy1:03 Daily Mail settles with Melania Trump Reuters0:45 Amazon could surge to $1,000 a share in 2018 Veuer0:58 Wal-Mart is going to start offering discounts on in-store pick ups CNBC0:51 Desktop PCs are making a comeback The Wall Street Journal.2:05 San Francisco company uses food delivery robots Wochit Tech0:41 Getting bumped: What rights do airline passengers have? Fox Business4:32 Dodge gets devilishly fast CNN Money1:13 3 corporate scandals you've already forgotten about Wochit Business0:44 Craft brewers get crafty CNBC1:27 Twitter users roast United Airlines after passenger was dragged off plane Business Insider2:31 Amazon is on a roll The Wall Street Journal.0:40 Trump called China a 'currency manipulator.' Does it deserve the label? The Washington Post2:20 Lenders may have helped put the brakes on car sales last month CNBC0:38 Netflix still leads in streaming, but they've got competition Veuer1:04 Will outrage toward United impact ticket sales? Bloomberg3:44 UP NEXT For Wal-Mart (WMT) shoppers, it will soon pay to go to the store. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 73.44 +0.01 +0.01% Target Corp TGT ▼ 53.40 -0.31 -0.58% Starting next Wednesday, the world's largest retailer will give customers a discount on 10,000 online-only items if they pick them up in-store. By the end of June, the service will be rolled out across more than 1 million items. Price cuts will vary depending on the product's size, cost and category, Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, told CNBC. "The point is that it's meant to be equivalent to what the last-mile delivery costs are," Lore said. Last-mile delivery refers to the final step of the shipping process before it arrives on a customer's doorstep. It is the most expensive aspect of filling online orders, sometimes exceeding 50 percent of an item's total delivery cost, according to McKinsey & Company. The retailer will use the technology pioneered by Jet.com, the website Lore founded and sold to Wal-Mart last year, to calculate the savings. Eligible items will be noted on the company's website and will not include third-party products sold on the marketplace. Orders will be filled within two days. Wal-Mart shoppers will snag a bigger discount on inexpensive but heavy items, which are costlier to ship than small products that carry a high price tag, Lore said. Aside from the cost savings, getting shoppers to pick up an order in-store boosts foot traffic — and gives retailers a second chance to make a sale. Though Wal-Mart does not provide specifics on those trends, Target (TGT) has said that one-third of its shoppers who pick up online orders in store buy additional merchandise when they arrive. Wal-Mart has beefed up the staffing at its pickup desks to handle the uptick in volume. It is also testing a high-tech vending machine where shoppers scan a barcode and have their items spit out in less than a minute. Wal-Mart's in-store pickup deal is just the latest way Lore has modernized the retailer's online business since he arrived last year. In January, the company reduced its free shipping threshold from $50 to $35 and shortened its delivery window to two days. That compares with its previous three- to five-day promise. The discounter has meanwhile taken steps to fuse its online technology with shoppers' store visits. They include rolling out a service that allows Walmart.com shoppers to schedule a pickup time to have their groceries loaded into their cars. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart has snatched up niche retailers ModCloth, Moosejaw and Shoebuy. These acquisitions will help Wal-Mart bring unique, higher-margin products to its assortment and build its expertise in specialty categories, Lore said at the Shoptalk conference in Las Vegas last month. At that same conference, Wal-Mart announced an innovation hub called Store No 8 that will invest in future retail technologies. So far the company's work is paying off. Wal-Mart's domestic online sales rose 29 percent last quarter and it's seen an uptick since changing its free shipping policies. Still, it has a lot of work to do if it wants to catch up with Amazon — something Lore told Shoptalk attendees his company aims to do. "Win means win," he said in Vegas. "It's not going to happen in 12 months, but win means win." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Wal-Mart is cutting hundreds of jobs to slash costs CNBC The great apparel slump is changing the way JC Penney does business CNBC How arcade bars became boozy playgrounds for adults CNBC CNBC View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 61° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 61° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us This Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo shows Wal-Mart signage at one of the company's neighborhood markets, in Hialeah, Fla. Starting April 19, 2017, Wal-Mart says it will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. Alan Diaz AP Photo This Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, shoppers enter a Wal-Mart neighborhood market, in Hialeah, Fla. Starting April 19, 2017, Wal-Mart says it will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. Alan Diaz AP Photo FILE - This Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, shows the sign of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. Starting April 19, 2017, Wal-Mart says it will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. Jeff Chiu, File AP Photo 1 of 3 National Business April 12, 2017 12:05 AM Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores By ANNE D'INOCENZIO AP Retail Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW YORK Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers' homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart's move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It's also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon's membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. "We're creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what's best for them," Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:15 4 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.13 1:21 5 hours ago Raiqwon O'Neal takes mission trip to Dominican Republic View More Video National Business Million-dollar teachers: Cashing in by selling their lessons Buffett foundation to unveil plan to help girls of color China's exports accelerate in March, import growth moderates Official: Pilots not tested for fentanyl due to system 'lag' Asian shares mixed as Trump talks down US dollar National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
The most read Vietnamese newspaper Follow us on                Edition: International   |   Vietnamese Home News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World Contact Us © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved Go The most read Vietnamese newspaper International Edition International Edition Vietnamese Edition Contact us | Follow us on        News Business Travel & Life Video World Browse all section News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World Business DataSpeaks Vietnam ranked third most expensive travel destination in Southeast Asia April 13, 2017 GMT+7 Vietnam ranked among top 10 countries in women business ownership - report April 10, 2017 GMT+7 Vietnam beats China in product reputation ranking, but scores below most ASEAN peers April 01, 2017 GMT+7 Newly-established businesses hit six-year high in March March 28, 2017 GMT+7 Vietnamese lose appetite for ‘Made in China’ household electrical appliances March 23, 2017 GMT+7 Travel & Life Some like it hot, but don't take heat stress in Vietnam lightly April 12, 2017 GMT+7 Hoi An once again expands walking zone for tourists April 12, 2017 GMT+7 First Vietnamese explorer races across Arctic on dog sled April 12, 2017 GMT+7 ‘Singapore Story: Memoirs of Lee Kuan Yew’ is now a hit in Vietnam April 12, 2017 GMT+7 Been there, done that? Now travel Vietnam like a pro off the tourist trail April 12, 2017 GMT+7 Large US firms stashed $1.6 trillion in tax havens: Oxfam By AFP  &nbspApril 12, 2017 | 02:25 pm GMT+7 Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200 billion in offshore funds, according to the Oxfam study. Photo by AFP The study names the 50 largest U.S. companies including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart. The 50 largest US companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about $1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their US tax burden, according to a study published Wednesday. Poverty-fighting organization Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a $200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies' own data. While not illegal, the companies "used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash" their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. "Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year," Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories ($193.6 billion) and Microsoft's IT group ($124 billion), the report said. U.S. law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35 percent at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, U.S. President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15 percent, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10 percent. Oxfam criticized both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programs. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will "feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years," the report said. Meanwhile, "repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes" and "incentivizes companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut." "President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses," Silverman said. "The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few." Related News: Money from tax havens comes pouring into Vietnam IMF, World Bank, UN unite to fight tax evasion   Share on Facebook   Share on Twitter Tags: tax evasion tax havens businesses Comments (0) Latest first | Highest rated Latest firstHighest rated View more Your comment 20/1000 Tắt chia sẻ Log out   Your comment 0/1000   Read more 'I've never aimed at being a billionaire' - Vietjet CEO Vietnam beats Brazil to top global coffee exports in March Thai exporters, trailing Vietnamese peers in the US, worried about Trump's policy Vietnam's March rice exports hit one-yr high as top buyers grow hungry Vietnam's Q1 coffee exports to India cool after brief trade row over pests Uber's ride hailing service is finally legal in Vietnam Recommendation 'I've never aimed at being a billionaire' - Vietjet CEO 1 Vietnam ranked third most expensive travel destination in Southeast Asia 2 Vietnam beats Brazil to top global coffee exports in March 3 Thai exporters, trailing Vietnamese peers in the US, worried about Trump's policy 4 Large US firms stashed $1.6 trillion in tax havens: Oxfam 5 Back to top Contact: Editorial News World Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Travel Food Culture & Arts Video What's On © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved   Reading: Large US firms stashed $1.6 trillion in tax havens: Oxfam | Go News Perspectives Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video Business Travel & Life News World
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS NATO 'no longer obsolete', says Donald Trump 2002 Gujarat riots probe: Supreme Court relieves SIT chief R K Raghavan BJP leads in six out of 10 bypolls Donald Kejriwal questions Election Commission's 'open challenge' to hack EVMs North Korea may be capable of sarin-tipped missiles: Japan PM Shinzo Abe Karnataka CM rules out farm loan waiver for now, but it all depends on rains Soccer-Courtois backs Conte to keep Chelsea focused Dholpur bypoll: BJP candidate Shobha Rani leading by 4,704 votes Virat Kohli recovers from injury, fit to lead RCB tomorrow Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Policy & GovtPeopleInternationalIndustryInternal SecurityAnalysis & Geo-StrategyEquipment & OrdnanceMobility & Weapons International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 12:20 PM | 13 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,560-83.17 NIFTY 50 9,180-22.95 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,30172.00 USD/INR 64.32-0.35 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores By AP | Updated: Apr 12, 2017, 01.06 PM IST Post a Comment The offer builds on Wal-Mart's move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49. NEW YORK: Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers' homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart's move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It's also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon's membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. "We're creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what's best for them," Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. Comments(0)Add Comments Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Wal-Mart opts for free, faster shipping on necessities Wal-Mart keeps working to make inroads against Amazon Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Run-DMC sues Wal-Mart, Amazon for $50 mn READ MORE ONmark lore Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Help little girl with deformed spine stand MILAAPMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Can you believe that Bengaluru techies are the worst paid Kashmir's slice of 'paradise' has big ambitions PE Funds Facing Dearth of Good Quality Office Space From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 20 most dangerous animals in the world SocialDaft! Most anticipated action movies of 2017 CRITICSUNION 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World CrazyFreelancer Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented 8,000 missiles from Israel part of Modi's $250-bn plan to take on China, Pakistan Kulbhushan Jadhav row: Real game changer will be what India does now UP CM Yogi Adityanath goes after Akhilesh's key projects, favourite bureaucrats Finance Ministry says no to Apple’s tax incentives demand, but it isn’t the end of road for Apple Jio surprises again with new offer, Airtel says it's old wine in new bottle More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|MI Vs SRH Gold rate today|Sensex Income Tax Slabs|RBI Policy Gold rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Las Vegas Sun April 13, 2017 Currently: 73° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Prep awards nomination Newsletter signup Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores Jeff Chiu / AP This Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, shows the sign of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. By Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Published Wednesday, April 12, 2017 | 12:18 a.m. Updated Wednesday, April 12, 2017 | 9:13 a.m. NEW YORK — Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers' homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart's move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It's also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon's membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. "We're creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what's best for them," Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. Most Popular Viewed Trending Talking 10 years in Las Vegas and building Eataly on the Strip with Mario Batali Report: Nevada struggling to grow its tech workforce Spring signing period promises to keep Menzies, Rebels basketball busy Don’t forget 51s in new era of Las Vegas sports with the Golden Knights and Raiders First e-sports arena coming to the Strip Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Divas: A dramatic update for the show at the Linq Mario Batali: Celebrates 10 years cooking in Las Vegas Britney: Plans final shows at Planet Hollywood Featured Galleries Green Day at MGM Arena San Bernardino Elementary School Shooting Sin City Showdown Pickleball More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 12 Wed 13 Thu 14 Fri 15 Sat 16 Sun Question of the Day Malcolm Library Happy Hour at Panevino Panevino Ristorante Variety Dinner Show The Mad Greek Cafe All events on Wednesday » Jerry Tiffe Boulder Station Hotel and Casino Rich Natole Plaza Hotel and Casino Bon Iver The Joint | 8 p.m. to 11:59 p.m. All events on Thursday » Happy Hour at Brass Lounge Brass Lounge BAZ - Star Crossed Love The Palazzo Resort Hotel and Casino Fremont Street Experience Fremont Street Experience All events on Friday » Laughternoon with Adam London The D Fizz Acoustic Sessions Fizz Las Vegas All events on Saturday » House of Blues Gospel Brunch House of Blues Gardens Guided Walk Springs Preserve Nik at Nite Tuscany Suites & Casino All events on Sunday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
April 12, 2017 | 77° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business| Top News Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores Associated Press Posted April 11, 2017 April 11, 2017 Updated April 11, 2017 9:12pm CINDY ELLEN RUSSELL / 2010 Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers’ homes. NEW YORK >> Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer’s efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers’ homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart’s move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart’s average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com’s CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It’s also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon’s membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. “We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them,” Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart’s online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Suit claims school, DOE complicit in sex assault U.S. show of force to N.Korea could show U.S. weakness Man arrested after remains found in home House passes rail tax extension They’re making Beavers believers Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Nintendo Switch Stock Updates Posted: Apr 12 2017, 1:07pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     New Nintendo Switch shipments keep coming in. Updated. The Nintendo Switch is in stock right now on Amazon Prime Now in Sacramento, CA. It was in stock earlier for Cincinnatti and San Antonio. Amazon offers both the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on its local delivery service today. Don't Miss: The best Deal on a new Samsung Galaxy S8 iStockNow is back online again after the service was not working a couple hours during the night. There are though a lower number of alerts for Target and Walmart stores this morning than in previous days.  The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch start a around $375 now, a $15 drop from end of the week. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Right now the offers appear all legit. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. The lowest priced Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con is selling for $380 and free shipping. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con still fetches over $420 on the marketplace. On Wednesday morning the Nintendo store in New York is selling today the Nintendo Switch starting at 10am ET. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock We recommend to check the stock information for your local Walmart stores on iStockNow and BrickSeek. The iStockNow live map provides the details where the Switch is in stock for Walmart stores. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. The Switch inventory at your local Target stores can be checked on iStockNow and on target.com. Nintendo announced last week that more Nintendo Switch consoles are on the way. A recent report out of Japan tries explains why Nintendo struggles to produce enough Switch consoles to satisfy the demand. Lots of new Switch inventory has been showing up over the past days. The extreme demand makes it though difficult to score a Switch for the regular retail price of $299.99. Resellers still can charge a premium on marketplaces, but prices are declining. We have released a new comprehensive Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide with all the tips and tricks to find and buy a Nintendo Switch. Walmart stores are reported to have the Switch in stock This morning. To find a Walmart that has the Switch in stock enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  Nintendo started to restock the Nintendo Switch two weeks. GameStop kicked things off with restocking the Switch in stores. Walmart, Target, ToysRUs and even amazon.com offered the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con. The supply for the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con version was much lower. The Nintendo flagship store in New York sold Nintendo Switch each day last week. Read our Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide to find a Switch in stock. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. The colorful Switch is slightly harder to find than the console with gray controllers. The premium resellers charge is with 50 to 65% still much lower than it is the case for the Nintendo NES Classic. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Read the latest Nintendo Switch updates and also check out our Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide. Visit The Tracker by I4U News (beta) for the latest in stock updates.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Virgin Media Customers are Unable to Access Facebook and Instagram 12 hours ago, 12:01pm CDT Nintendo Switch Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Bundle Leaked 13 hours ago, 11:00am CDT 2017 Tamagotchi Are Popular In Japan, Here is How to Buy 14 hours ago, 10:18am CDT Here is Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ In Rose Gold And Platinum 14 hours ago, 10:01am CDT New York Auto Show Preview 3 hours ago NASA will Live Stream First 4K Video from Space 9 hours ago, 3:12pm CDT Trucks Turning to Aluminum Instead of Steel 10 hours ago, 1:53pm CDT Bed Bugs are Getting Harder to Kill 11 hours ago, 12:53pm CDT Elephants are Far More Intelligent Than Previously Thought 12 hours ago, 11:55am CDT 5 Female Spies You Would Love After Atomic Blonde Trailer 13 hours ago, 10:58am CDT New Species of Pistol Shrimp Named After Pink Floyd 14 hours ago, 10:46am CDT 7 Things You Need to Survive on Coachella 2017 14 hours ago, 10:13am CDT Here is how you can add more gestures to Apple Airpods 14 hours ago, 10:06am CDT NASA to Reveal New Discoveries on Oceans Beyond Earth 14 hours ago, 10:02am CDT Apple Airpods Charging Case Will Soon charge iPhone and Apple Watch 14 hours ago, 9:56am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News Nintendo Super NES Classic to Follow the NES Classic in Holidays 2017? 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Technology News Virgin Media Customers are Unable to Access Facebook and Instagram 12 hours ago, 12:01pm CDT Nintendo Switch Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Bundle Leaked 13 hours ago, 11:00am CDT 2017 Tamagotchi Are Popular In Japan, Here is How to Buy 14 hours ago, 10:18am CDT Here is Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ In Rose Gold And Platinum 14 hours ago, 10:01am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News New York Auto Show Preview 3 hours ago NASA will Live Stream First 4K Video from Space 9 hours ago, 3:12pm CDT Trucks Turning to Aluminum Instead of Steel 10 hours ago, 1:53pm CDT Bed Bugs are Getting Harder to Kill 11 hours ago, 12:53pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart to Discount One Million Online Items Picked Up in Stores by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle April 12, 2017, 12:01 AM EDT April 12, 2017, 10:36 AM EDT Savings apply to products not available in physical locations Move displays Jet.com’s growing influence amid Amazon battle Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will offer discounts on more than a million online-only items that customers then pick up at stores, part of an effort by the world’s largest retailer to challenge Amazon.com Inc. Taking another page from the Jet.com business it bought last year, Wal-Mart will first cut prices on about 10,000 web-only items such as Britax car seats and Lego toys, according to a statement. The Pickup Discount program, which starts on April 19, will expand to more than a million so-called “long tail” items by the end of June, the company said. The Pickup Discount effort builds on Jet’s Smart Card business model, which provides discounts to customers who package items together or forgo returns. Marc Lore Photographer: Emile Wamsteker/Bloomberg “We are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Wal-Mart’s operational efficiency,” Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart’s e-commerce business, said in the statement. “Quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings.” The move is Lore’s latest step to check Amazon’s growing online dominance, and shows how he’s keen to meld Jet’s innovations with Wal-Mart’s 4,700-store network. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart scrapped a free-shipping program that competed with Amazon’s Prime membership and replaced it with free two-day deliveries for orders of at least $35. Amazon will control half of the U.S. e-commerce market by 2021, according to analysts at Needham & Co. They estimate that the online giant currently commands 34 percent, compared with Wal-Mart’s less than 5 percent. “Wal-Mart is trying to move quickly and is stepping up its game,” Robin Sherk, an e-commerce analyst at Kantar Retail, said by phone. “The idea of passing cost savings onto the shopper is something that could be quite disruptive.” Delivery Savings The discounts vary by item and reflect the savings to Wal-Mart for shipping the orders to its stores on one of its more than 6,700 trucks, rather than to a customer’s house. The $148.05 Britax B-Safe 35 infant car seat is reduced by 5 percent to $140.65, while the Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry is discounted 11 percent to $21.44. Other products in the program are Coleman coolers and Vizio televisions. In an interview, Lore called the program a “game-changer” and said the level of discounts could be adjusted going forward. “Part of the reason why we are launching 10,000 products to start and growing it over time is that we want to perfect that discount,” he said. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Wal-Mart’s web investments -- which also include acquisitions of sites like Moosejaw and ModCloth, a new network of e-commerce distribution centers and an expansion of online grocery -- have prompted belt-tightening elsewhere. The company has reduced headcount at both its West Coast technology hub and at its Bentonville, Arkansas, headquarters. Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said at a March investor conference that the company needs to be “a little tougher on ourselves around expenses” and “rejuvenate” the famed low-cost culture that patriarch Sam Walton instilled. The term “long-tail” refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical retailers to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. A typical Wal-Mart supercenter offers about 120,000 items, while its website currently has 35 million products available. Wal-Mart paid $3.3 billion for Jet in August and quickly put founder Lore and his lieutenants in charge of its online strategy. Lore used to work at Amazon, which acquired an earlier business of his, Quidsi, operator of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com. Last month, Amazon said it’s shutting Quidsi because it couldn’t make a profit, eliminating more than 260 jobs. Wal-Mart’s online sales rose 29 percent last quarter, helping its holiday results top estimates. So-called click-and-collect orders, which are picked up curbside at stores, increased 27 percent in the period. Some curbside pickup customers do enter the store to buy additional items, Lore said, declining to provide specifics. “The thing that is smart is when you encourage someone to come to the store, it creates a new trip driver,” Kantar’s Sherk said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections Stores Play Hide and Seek With Ivanka’s Products This Amazon Employee Out-Earned Jeff Bezos Last Year United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments40+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business To get Walmart’s latest online discounts, you still have to visit the store The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack By Sarah Halzack April 12 Follow @sarahhalzack A Walmart store in Burbank, Calif. (Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg) Walmart on Wednesday announced its latest attempt to transform its e-commerce business: It is debuting a “pickup discount,” meaning that it will offer reduced prices on more than 1 million online-only items to shoppers who opt to retrieve their orders at a store instead of having them delivered to their homes. The effort marks the latest test of Walmart’s long-held theory that its vast network of physical stores can be an advantage in the online shopping wars. And it is perhaps the clearest demonstration yet of the influence of its new chief of e-commerce, Marc Lore, who founded the online retailer Jet.com and became Walmart’s online leader when the big-box giant acquired his startup for $3.3 billion. Lore offers this explanation for how the pickup discount works: Typically, the last-mile delivery to a customer’s home is the most expensive part of fulfilling an online order. If Walmart can simply use its own trucks to deliver those boxes to its stores, that strips out much of the cost. Because it has trimmed delivery costs, Lore says, it can pass on those savings to shoppers. For example, a Britax B-SAFE car seat that typically costs $148.05 will cost $140.65 with the pickup discount. A 70-inch 4K television from Vizio that is priced at $1,698 will have a $50 discount. The pickup discount is Lore’s latest experiment to encourage online buyers to shop in ways that are less profit-eating for retailers. At Jet, for example, he has piloted an approach to pricing that encourages shoppers to bundle their orders, rather than firing off multiple orders for single items. When the seller can ship those items all at once, its fulfillment costs are lower, so it can offer lower prices. Jet also offers other ways to knock more pennies off your receipt: Shoppers pay less if they waive the ability to do a free return. They see that they can pay a still lower price if they use a debit card. The Walmart pickup discount appears to be the next iteration of that line of thinking. On April 19, the mega-retailer will begin offering it on about 10,000 items. It will be offered on more than a million items by the end of June. “This is really about giving the customer more choice in ways that are only possible with this unique set of assets,” Lore said in an interview.  Under Lore’s leadership, Walmart has been trying new tactics to flex more muscle in the online arena. In January, it announced that it would offer free two-day shipping on orders over $35 without a membership fee, an offer meant to challenge Amazon’s lucrative Prime program. Prime customers pay $99 a year to receive free two-day shipping on millions of items, but the membership also includes access to video and music streaming, photo storage, and other services. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) And Walmart has shown fresh appetite for acquisitions, scooping up quirky women’s apparel website Modcloth and dropping $51 million on online outdoors retailer Moosejaw. The pickup discount may prove particularly appealing to the value-oriented customers that have long been the bedrock of Walmart’s business. And yet, it might not do much to lure away the millions of shoppers who have flocked to Amazon because of the convenience of having an order show up quickly on their doorsteps. Walmart’s pickup discount launches as the wider retailer industry is investing in making in-store pickup a more attractive and widely available option. Target, Kohl’s, and JCPenney, for example, have each been expanding their programs to more locations. Target is even experimenting with a prototype for a new store  that would have a separate entrance for shoppers picking up grab-and-go orders. Pickup not only allows retailers to save on shipping costs, but by bringing the shopper into the store, it provides a chance to entice them to spend more money. Kohl’s, for example, said last year that for every $100 a customer spends on store pickup, they buy, on average, $25 worth of additional goods when they come to retrieve the order. business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 40+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack 47 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Burger King thought it had a great idea. Instead, it ended up with a Whopper of a problem. 2 Trump backs off fiscal pledges and adopts centrist policies that he once fought 3 Asian shares mixed as Trump talks down US dollar 4 Americans are using alpacas to dodge taxes, a U.S. senator warns 5 Trump’s EPA is seeking a 24/7 security detail for its new leader The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.52% Get quote Last Update: 04/13/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Share Home MOBILE Contact LOGIN LOGOUT ✕ ≡ My first Wal-Mart experience Tom Poland� If you go to Walmart regularly, you�ve probably forgotten that first-time wonder you felt stepping into a store where you could buy most anything. My first Walmart experience came in Georgia when I was just a kid, maybe nine, but there�s a problem with that. Sam Walton opened his first Wal-Mart Discount City store in Rogers, Arkansas, July 2, 1962, and I turned nine in 1958 in Lincolnton, Georgia, so the math and geography don�t add up. While you sort things out, let me tell you about my first Walmart experience. The building was large, and so was the parking area but that was through a child�s eyes. This store offered customers a place to buy all kinds of supplies. You could get new tires on your car. You could fill your car up with gas. You could buy sporting goods such as Zebco reels and fiberglass rods and plastic worms that smelled like licorice. You could buy groceries as well, and you could even get your kids toys. Seems I recall you could buy real guns there. I want to say a Mossberg .410 I got for Christmas came from there. For a while, the store even served as a venue for square dances. During World War II the lady proprietor operated a bowling alley there and served hot dogs and hamburgers. As TV ads say, �But wait, there�s more.� You could get a haircut there. Even back then customers liked making just one stop to meet many needs. This retail center was, indeed, special. I�m talking about the first Walmart-like store I ever saw, Wells Oil Company. Miss Minnie Wells, proprietor, was a visionary. Why go into town? Much of what you needed was right there. Today when I drive past that store, my mind goes back to my youth. I see men pumping gas, a stack of whitewall tires over near a service bay, and the small barbershop where Miss Minnie Wells cut my hair. The outside is busy. Cars and trucks parked everywhere. Men doing things. Inside, Miss Minnie�s store to the right were the grocery store and the small barbershop. To the left was a collection of goods that included baseball gloves, Daisy BB guns, and fishing supplies. I bought my first transistor radio there for $10, an Arvin with a leather cover. (Plastic had not ascended to dominance.) My first BB gun, a Daisy lever-action gun came from there. I bought my only baseball glove there (a first basemen�s mitt), a baseball bat, and baseball there. (Just last weekend I found them while working on my late parent�s estate.) Miss Minnie seemed stern seen through the eyes of a boy. She always dressed as a business lady ... grey suit, black shoes with thick heels, and hair pulled into a bun. When I think of her glasses, I think of John Lennon�s gold wire-rimmed glasses. She was all business, the kind of lady who had no time for anything unrelated to her enterprise. She was practical, living above her business. She was generous too, providing the church I belonged to complimentary heating oil. Wells Oil Company: that was my first Walmart-like experience. Stop one time; take care of many needs. If one of us was sick and needed something on Sunday evening or late at night, Miss Minnie�s husband would open the store for Dad. So, in a way it was a round-the-clock enterprise like Walmart superstores. It�s been years since I stepped inside that old building. Many layers of dust have since drifted over childhood. My Daisy BB gun fired its last BB long ago and is lost in time now. That old Arvin radio? Gone. My first baseman�s mitt? I have it once again, but it�s stiff as an old fellow with a bad case of arthritis. I suppose I could stop by one more time, go inside, and see what memories I might revive, but I won�t. I doubt I ever stop by again. I�d rather see it in my head as it existed. Stores hold a special place in the memories I gathered as a boy. Standing tall among them are an old country store (Icy Cokes bobbing around in a vat), a small grocery store with a pool hall (the first pool table I ever saw), my one and only Five & Dime (smelled of hot dogs), an old pharmacy with marble counters (Cherry Cokes), and my first Walmart-like experience, Wells Oil Company, which came along well before Walmart. www.tompoland.net tompol@earthlink.net Sitemap { powered by bulletlink.com }
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: What happens after hiring freeze?•New Hatch Act violation?•How to fix federal hiring Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Wal-Mart to discount online-only… Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores By ANNE D'INOCENZIO and The Associated Press April 12, 2017 12:03 pm 2 min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer’s efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Sponsored Content: Why Governance, Risk and Compliance is Everyone’s Business - Download the Executive Brief Today. Advertisement Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers’ homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart’s move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart’s average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com’s CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It’s also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon’s membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. “We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them,” Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart’s online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. What makes the 2017 CR the worst yet for Defense? Topics: All News Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Wal-Mart to discount online-only… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1861: First attack sparks Civil War Fed Photo of the Day USDA biologist collecting sample from wild mallard Top Stories ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says Top Story Survey: The hiring freeze is over. Now what? Management White House ends hiring freeze, mandates workforce, mission restructuring Management Senator calls for Hatch Act investigation over tweet Congress NSA gives military students a leg up on cyber with real-time exercise Cybersecurity THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 12, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7220 -0.0133 1.73% L 2020 25.1453 -0.0373 2.91% L 2030 27.8477 -0.0675 4.13% L 2040 29.8992 -0.0868 4.73% L 2050 17.1000 -0.0575 5.28% G Fund 15.2881 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7210 0.0017 0.93% C Fund 32.5273 -0.1225 6.07% S Fund 42.3257 -0.4417 4.57% I Fund 26.3334 -0.0236 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
send search rows 348548 53718 Follow @PJMedia Columnists Newsletters Instapundit Shop News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen search News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen facebook twitter Columnists News & Politics News & Politics J. Christian Adams Trending Trending Ed Driscoll Election Election Richard Fernandez Homeland Security Homeland Security Stephen Green Parenting Parenting Victor Davis Hanson Faith Faith Bridget Johnson Lifestyle Lifestyle Roger Kimball Video Video Andrew Klavan Michael Ledeen Andrew McCarthy Ron Radosh Claudia Rosett Spengler David Steinberg Michael Walsh Diary of a Mad Voter Roger L. Simon Dr. Helen Instapundit Shop About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy search The Latest. Delivered Daily. Your friends will think you read the whole newspaper font directup font directdown print facebook Share RECALL: Decomposing Bat Found in Walmart 'Fresh Express' Salad twitter Tweet email Email Lifestyle Walmart 'Fresh Express' Salad Recalled After Dead Bat Found in Package By Lauren Spagnoletti 2017-04-10T19:03 chat comments RECALL: Decomposing Bat Found in Walmart 'Fresh Express' Salad Some people eating packaged salad in Florida had the unfortunate experience of finding a dead bat in the container along with their food. Fresh Express, which packaged the food and sold it to Walmart in the southeast, issued a recall on Saturday as a result. The two people who ate the salad with the animal content in it are being evaluated, and the bat itself was sent to a lab for rabies testing. According to the CDC, which is assisting in the investigation of the incident: The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies. Transmission of rabies by eating a rabid animal is extremely uncommon, and the virus does not survive very long outside of the infected animal. CDC is supporting Florida local and state health officials in evaluating the people who found the bat in the salad. In this circumstance, the risk of rabies transmission is considered to be very low, but because it isn’t zero, the two people who ate salad from the package that contained the bat were recommended to begin post-exposure rabies treatment. Both people report being in good health and neither has any signs of rabies. CDC is not aware of any other reports of bat material found in packaged salads. ABC 11 released this information regarding the recall by Fresh Express: The salads were sold in a clear container with production code G089B19 and a best-if-used-by date of April 14, 2017 located on the front label. The recalled salads were distributed only to Walmart stores located in the Southeastern region of the United States. All remaining packages of salad from the same lot have been removed from all store locations where the salad was sold. Only the salads mentioned in the recall had a chance of being affected, so consumers should not be concerned unless they have eaten food from that potentially contaminated lot. Consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. A full refund is available where purchased or by calling the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at (800) 242-5472 during the hours of 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern Time. https://pjmedia.com/lifestyle/2017/04/10/walmart-fresh-express-salad-recalled-after-dead-bat-found-in-package/ facebook Share RECALL: Decomposing Bat Found in Walmart 'Fresh Express' Salad twitter Tweet email Email Related Products The Western Story Lecture #6: The Genres of Western Learning: Novels, Plays, Poems, Essays and Treatises amazon.com History In The News Lecture #2: The 21st American Century or What Amazon or Facebook Says About America amazon.com Klavan and Whittle: Manly Men and Womanly Women amazon.com Editor's Choice Wes Anderson's Films Ranked From Worst to Best comments Looking for Must-See Films? comments Here's a True Ranking of the Beatles' Albums from Worst to First comments Who knew your inbox could be this informative? Your friends will think you read the whole newspaper Copyright © 2005-2017 PJ Media All Rights Reserved. About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us FAQs Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy  
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Apple Valley man with handgun arrested inside Wal-Mart Tuesday Apr 11, 2017 at 5:13 PM Staff Reports VICTORVILLE — Deputies arrested a 23-year-old man who was seen with a loaded handgun inside a Wal-Mart on Tuesday, authorities said. Matthew James Butler, 23, of Apple Valley, was arrested at the Wal-Mart on Palmdale Road and Highway 395. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department officials said Butler, a convicted felon and alleged gang member, was found with a gun inside the store. Victorville Sheriff’s Station deputies responded after receiving a report of a man with a gun in his pocket at 1:51 p.m. The caller said the man, later identified as Butler, was in line at the customer service desk and the gun could be seen in his back pocket, authorities said. Deputies arrived and contacted Butler as he stood in line, where he was arrested on suspicion of carrying a concealed weapon as an active member of a criminal street gang and being a felon in possession of a firearm, according to booking records. Butler remains in custody at the High Desert Detention Center in lieu of $50,000 bail. Booking records show he’s expected to appear in court at 12:30 p.m. Wednesday. The investigation is ongoing, and anyone with information is asked to contact the Victorville Sheriff’s Station at 760-241-2911. Persons wishing to remain anonymous can contact the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463 or online at www.wetip.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Intelligence Squared debate: 'Long Live Walmart' Business MPR News Staff · Apr 13, 2017 Listen Story audio Apr 12, 2017 50min 31sec Customers outside Walmart. Sam Harper | MPR News Walmart is the country's largest private-sector employer. Does the big-box retailer push out small businesses and use cheap foreign labor? Or does it provide lots of American jobs and sell affordable goods to consumers? The Intelligence Squared debate motion is: 'Long live Walmart.' FOR: John Tierney, Contributing Editor at the City Journal. Richard K. Vedder, Economist & Author of "The Wal-Mart Revolution." AGAINST: Amy Traub, Associate Director of Policy and Research at Demos. Nelson Lichtenstein, Professor, UC Santa Barbara & Author of "The Retail Revolution." To listen to the debate, click the audio player above. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Lawsuit: Customs must hand over travel ban documents 5 hours ago About the author MPR News Staff • Reporter Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Apr 13, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Wal-Mart to discount online items for pickup ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on April 13, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — Starting next week, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company’s stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer’s efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Ark.-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than 1 million items by the end of June. Among some offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers’ homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart’s move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one that has a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery, and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items. Wal-Mart’s average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com’s CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It’s another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon’s membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. “We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them,” Mr. Lore wrote in a company blog post. Wal-Mart’s online sales rose 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period.  Related Items Wal-Mart Stores Inc , online shopping Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Officers tell wheelchair traveler to stay out of road: Mayfield Village Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on April 12, 2017 at 8:56 PM, updated April 12, 2017 at 8:59 PM comments MAYFIELD VILLAGE, Ohio Traffic complaint, SOM Center Road: A woman was seen in a wheelchair rolling in the street to Heinen's April 10. Officers spoke to her and told her to stay out of the road. About an hour later, she was seen sitting in the parking lot near Citizen's Bank and was subsequently taken to a hospital for unspecified reasons. Theft, Lander Road: A resident reported April 4 she had a package taken from her property a few months ago and it contained a laptop computer. She purchased it from the Walmart website and said tracking information indicated that someone signed for it when it was delivered. The incident is under investigation by Walmart and the delivery service that was used to ship it. Fraud, Robley Lane: A man said April 6 he received a phone call from someone stating he had won a $500,000 sweepstakes. The caller claimed to be an attorney and knew the man's address. The man did not provide any personal information but asked for special attention to his home on the day the caller said someone would bring a check to his home. Trespassing, Wilson Mills Road: Two Mayfield Heights boys, 15 and 17, were found trespassing on the grounds of Mayfield High School April 7 after letters had been sent to their homes, informing their families they were banned from school property. Trespassing charges will be filed in juvenile court. Theft, Robley Lane: A resident reported April 9 a spotlight, valued at $30, was taken out of his yard. There were no suspects identified. The man asked for special attention to his yard. Suspicious activity, Interstate-271: Officers responded to a report April 9 of someone throwing credit cards out of a window of a moving vehicle. The suspected vehicle exited at Wilson Mills Road, but was not located. See more Mayfield Village news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. "cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate." Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Hillcrest news in your inbox Sign up for our Hillcrest newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Hillcrest HS News Latest Mayfield HS News | Latest Richmond Hts HS News | Latest Hawken HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Cloudy. High 59F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Overcast. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 46F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 13, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Business Highlights By The Associated Press Apr 12, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago 0 ___ Giddy Up! Automakers raise horsepower, speed to new heights NEW YORK (AP) — Automakers are raising horsepower and speed to record heights and showing it off at the New York International Auto Show this week. One car, the Demon Dodge Challenger, has a crazy 840 horsepower. There also will be a super-powerful Honda Civic and even some SUVs that are worthy of the drag strip. ___ United: Airline won't use police to remove passengers CHICAGO (AP) — The chief executive of United Airlines said the carrier will no longer ask police to remove passengers from full flights after the uproar over a man who was dragged off a plane by airport officers in Chicago. In an interview with ABC's "Good Morning America" aired Wednesday, Oscar Munoz said he felt "ashamed" watching video of the man being forced off the jet. He has promised to review the airline's passenger-removal policy. Munoz apologized again to Kentucky physician David Dao, his family and the other passengers who witnessed him being taken off the flight. ___ Trump administration to lift federal hiring freeze WASHINGTON (AP) — The federal government hiring freeze implemented by President Donald Trump as one of his first acts in office will be lifted Wednesday. But budget director Mick Mulvaney says many jobs will remain unfilled as the White House embarks on a government-wide effort to overhaul the executive branch and significantly reduce its workforce. Mulvaney told reporters Tuesday at a White House briefing that the move was part of the president's campaign pledge to "drain the swamp" in Washington and save taxpayers money. ___ Trump says China won't be labeled a currency manipulator WASHINGTON (AP) — Backing away from a campaign pledge, President Donald Trump says his administration will not label China a currency manipulator in a report due this week, though he does feel the U.S. dollar "is getting too strong." Trump also says he would prefer that the Federal Reserve keep interest rates relatively low. ___ Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores NEW YORK (AP) — Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. ___ Uber's PR head resigns amid tumultuous time for company NEW YORK (AP) — Uber's head of communications is leaving, the latest in a string of executive departures as the ride-hailing company tries to dig out from a pile of troubles. In a memo to employees, CEO Travis Kalanick called Rachel Whetstone a "force of nature" who was "was way ahead of the game when it came to many of the changes we needed to make as a company." Uber is facing accusations of routinely tolerated sexism and sexual harassment in the workplace, as well as troubles for Kalanick after a video surfaced showing him berating a driver. The company is hiring a chief operating officer to help him manage the company. Uber has also hired former Attorney General Eric Holder to lead an investigation into the sexism allegations. ___ US budget deficit bulges in March due to calendar hitch WASHINGTON (AP) — The federal government ran a budget deficit in March that was sharply higher than a year ago, largely because of a hitch in the calendar. Through the first half of this budget year, the deficit is running almost 15 percent higher than the same period a year ago. The Treasury Department reported Wednesday that the deficit in March totaled $176.2 billion, compared to $108 billion in March of last year. A big part of that increase reflected $42 billion in April benefit payments that were shifted into March because April 1 fell on a Saturday this year. ___ Amazon aims to help parents monitor and talk to kids NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon is introducing new tools to help parents see what their kids are doing on the company's Fire tablets. As a bonus, the e-commerce giant says its service will also help spark discussions about the books kids read and the videos they watch. Parents first have to sign up with Amazon's FreeTime service, a set of tools for pre-approving how much time kids spend on a tablet and what they do with it. The FreeTime service is free, as is the new dashboard tool. ___ Burger King's Whopper get negative Wikipedia edits in ad gag NEW YORK (AP) — Burger King's latest ad stunt is resulting in some less-than-flattering descriptions of its Whopper sandwich. The hamburger chain unveiled a 15-second ad Wednesday designed to trigger Google Home devices into reciting the definition of a Whopper, pulled from the website Wikipedia. But the website can be edited by users, and the definition had been changed to insert "cyanide" as an ingredient in one version. Another user later changed the definition to say the Whopper is "the worst hamburger product" sold by the chain. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International, says it is not behind the negative edits and that it has been trying to change the definition back to one that it was hoping to promote. ___ Sculptor of Wall Street's bull wants 'Fearless Girl' moved NEW YORK (AP) — The sculptor of Wall Street's "Charging Bull" statue has demanded the removal of the "Fearless Girl" statue that's faced off against the bull since last month. Arturo Di Modica says his 11-foot-tall bull is supposed to represent "freedom in the world, peace, strength, power and love" but "Fearless Girl" has turned the work's message into something negative. Tourists have embraced "Fearless Girl" as a symbol of female empowerment. ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 8.85 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,344.93. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 59.44 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,591.86. The Nasdaq composite declined 30.61 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,836.16. Benchmark U.S. crude snapped a sixth-day winning streak, losing 29 cents to close at $53.11 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell 37 cents to close at $55.86 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline dipped 2 cents to $1.74 a gallon. Heating oil held steady at $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $3.19 per 1,000 cubic feet. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Highlights Business Government Budget Deficits Government Budgets Government Finance Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Passenger Airlines Airlines Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets New Products And Services Products And Services Corporate News Wikis Internet Technology Computing And Information Technology Technology Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets National Budgets National Governments × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION La Crosse natives’ year-old Madigan Winery already has won awards Steve Cahalan: La Crosse Training Center opens downtown Need milk? Dozens of Wisconsin dairy farmers scrambling to find buyers in saturated market 'Aging in place' a growing trend as boomers remodel their homes Study: Trout fishing generates $952 million for Driftless Area economies, more than double since 2008 Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content April 12, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles   Business   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > Business > Business Breaking News > Business Highlights Business Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Business Highlights By: The Associated Press Wednesday, Apr. 12, 2017 at 4:55 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error ___ Giddy Up! Automakers raise horsepower, speed to new heights NEW YORK (AP) — Automakers are raising horsepower and speed to record heights and showing it off at the New York International Auto Show this week. One car, the Demon Dodge Challenger, has a crazy 840 horsepower. There also will be a super-powerful Honda Civic and even some SUVs that are worthy of the drag strip. ___ United: Airline won't use police to remove passengers CHICAGO (AP) — The chief executive of United Airlines said the carrier will no longer ask police to remove passengers from full flights after the uproar over a man who was dragged off a plane by airport officers in Chicago. In an interview with ABC's "Good Morning America" aired Wednesday, Oscar Munoz said he felt "ashamed" watching video of the man being forced off the jet. He has promised to review the airline's passenger-removal policy. Munoz apologized again to Kentucky physician David Dao, his family and the other passengers who witnessed him being taken off the flight. ___ Trump administration to lift federal hiring freeze WASHINGTON (AP) — The federal government hiring freeze implemented by President Donald Trump as one of his first acts in office will be lifted Wednesday. But budget director Mick Mulvaney says many jobs will remain unfilled as the White House embarks on a government-wide effort to overhaul the executive branch and significantly reduce its workforce. Mulvaney told reporters Tuesday at a White House briefing that the move was part of the president's campaign pledge to "drain the swamp" in Washington and save taxpayers money. ___ Trump says China won't be labeled a currency manipulator WASHINGTON (AP) — Backing away from a campaign pledge, President Donald Trump says his administration will not label China a currency manipulator in a report due this week, though he does feel the U.S. dollar "is getting too strong." Trump also says he would prefer that the Federal Reserve keep interest rates relatively low. ___ Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores NEW YORK (AP) — Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. ___ Uber's PR head resigns amid tumultuous time for company NEW YORK (AP) — Uber's head of communications is leaving, the latest in a string of executive departures as the ride-hailing company tries to dig out from a pile of troubles. In a memo to employees, CEO Travis Kalanick called Rachel Whetstone a "force of nature" who was "was way ahead of the game when it came to many of the changes we needed to make as a company." Uber is facing accusations of routinely tolerated sexism and sexual harassment in the workplace, as well as troubles for Kalanick after a video surfaced showing him berating a driver. The company is hiring a chief operating officer to help him manage the company. Uber has also hired former Attorney General Eric Holder to lead an investigation into the sexism allegations. ___ US budget deficit bulges in March due to calendar hitch WASHINGTON (AP) — The federal government ran a budget deficit in March that was sharply higher than a year ago, largely because of a hitch in the calendar. Through the first half of this budget year, the deficit is running almost 15 per cent higher than the same period a year ago. The Treasury Department reported Wednesday that the deficit in March totalled $176.2 billion, compared to $108 billion in March of last year. A big part of that increase reflected $42 billion in April benefit payments that were shifted into March because April 1 fell on a Saturday this year. ___ Amazon aims to help parents monitor and talk to kids NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon is introducing new tools to help parents see what their kids are doing on the company's Fire tablets. As a bonus, the e-commerce giant says its service will also help spark discussions about the books kids read and the videos they watch. Parents first have to sign up with Amazon's FreeTime service, a set of tools for pre-approving how much time kids spend on a tablet and what they do with it. The FreeTime service is free, as is the new dashboard tool. ___ Burger King's Whopper get negative Wikipedia edits in ad gag NEW YORK (AP) — Burger King's latest ad stunt is resulting in some less-than-flattering descriptions of its Whopper sandwich. The hamburger chain unveiled a 15-second ad Wednesday designed to trigger Google Home devices into reciting the definition of a Whopper, pulled from the website Wikipedia. But the website can be edited by users, and the definition had been changed to insert "cyanide" as an ingredient in one version. Another user later changed the definition to say the Whopper is "the worst hamburger product" sold by the chain. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International, says it is not behind the negative edits and that it has been trying to change the definition back to one that it was hoping to promote. ___ Sculptor of Wall Street's bull wants 'Fearless Girl' moved NEW YORK (AP) — The sculptor of Wall Street's "Charging Bull" statue has demanded the removal of the "Fearless Girl" statue that's faced off against the bull since last month. Arturo Di Modica says his 11-foot-tall bull is supposed to represent "freedom in the world, peace, strength, power and love" but "Fearless Girl" has turned the work's message into something negative. Tourists have embraced "Fearless Girl" as a symbol of female empowerment. ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 8.85 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 2,344.93. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 59.44 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 20,591.86. The Nasdaq composite declined 30.61 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 5,836.16. Benchmark U.S. crude snapped a sixth-day winning streak, losing 29 cents to close at $53.11 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell 37 cents to close at $55.86 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline dipped 2 cents to $1.74 a gallon. Heating oil held steady at $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $3.19 per 1,000 cubic feet. Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to Business Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Sun loses bid for disclosure of any discipline given to Brandon officer over treatment of domestic violence victim Vehicle stolen during "test drive" Tuition rebate cut in Manitoba budget angers BUSU president Social media helps nab shoplifters Coptic Christians in Brandon saddened, but not shocked by bombings in Egypt Inmates make some bad calls Sleeper caught with ecstasy 'Status quo' funding in Manitoba budget a relief for Chrest Man battered by robbers Sound Off -- April 12, 2017 Minnedosa's McFadden missed by so many Brandon activates emergency response after Assiniboine River's projected peak rises Woman cashes in 17-year-old coupon for Brandon motel stay Daughter on Call growing concern Wheat City preps for rising river Cat rescued from trash BPS officer charged after crash taps renowned lawyer Richard Wolson Sambrook diagnosed with epilepsy, planning return to lineup Police arrest purse snatcher Blacklegged ticks already making presence known More dead animals missing ears located in Westman Vincent Massey principal 'a true inspiration' New Oak Island Resort and Golf Course owner aims to improve visitor experience Minnedosa's McFadden missed by so many Team effort a real lifesaver for Minnedosa man BUSU pulls plug on SUDS Five years in prison for man guilty of sex crime More animals found dead with their ears cut off: RCMP Alexander snowmobiler struck by semi during blizzard recalls crash Property owner braces for floodwater at Two Borders Today | Week | Month Sound Off -- April 11, 2017 Daughter on Call growing concern Sound Off -- April 11, 2017 Face tattoos give away wanted man Manitoba has become conspicuous spendthrift province Chiefs expect tough championship series against Wild Sound Off -- March 17, 2017 Guilty plea after guns stolen Development fee a bad idea in principle Waiting for ESL funding answers Longtime donor fights to keep clinic doors open Public system best for sale of legalized marijuana Today | Week | Month Enrolment climbing for English classes: ACC ACC's ESL funding slashed under deal Enrolment climbing for English classes: ACC Chamber enlists MNP to review city's proposed development charge Feds defend ESL funding cuts Many new Canadians rely on ESL courses ACC's ESL funding slashed under deal Gone Gardenin': Alpine aster is perfect for spring Minnedosa's McFadden missed by so many 75 year anniversary for McDiarmid Church Woman cashes in 17-year-old coupon for Brandon motel stay City of Brandon has a handle on floodwater Vincent Massey principal 'a true inspiration' Enrolment climbing for English classes: ACC Many new Canadians rely on ESL courses ACC's ESL funding slashed under deal Waiting for ESL funding answers Wheat Kings finally snap lengthy losing streak on the road Mark My Words -- Welcome mat and a plan needed for immigration United front needed on ESL funding Students make desperate pleas to spare ACC's ESL program from cuts Traffic stop leads to drug arrest Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
null
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Money Briefs: China lenders told to beef up oversight Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XLr Copy China lenders told to beef up oversight BEIJING • China's banking regulator yesterday published a notice ordering lending institutions to effectively identify and control risks, the latest in a series of moves by the government to shore up supervision of its financial system. The China Banking Regulatory Commission document, which was published on its official website, called on regulatory departments to strengthen oversight and beef up their inspections to address regulatory shortcomings. Banks were told to standardise their information disclosure on financial products sold to the public and private placements. In recent months, financial regulators have issued more than two dozen notices aimed at controlling risk stemming from the generation of loans and the accounting of collateral, to the issuance and accounting of more complicated financial products. REUTERS Wal-Mart cutting more jobs in US CHICAGO • Wal-Mart Stores said on Tuesday that it is eliminating more US corporate jobs this month, even as it invests in improving its e-commerce operations and regaining its low-cost pricing advantage in the United States retail sector. Wal-Mart confirmed the latest round of job cuts, which will involve "hundreds" of positions in its international and technology businesses, along with its Sam's Club warehouse chain. The Wall Street Journal first reported the move on Tuesday. Wal-Mart's job cuts started last year, when the retailer said that it was eliminating 7,000 back-office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut more than a 1,000 corporate positions, mostly in its human resources department. REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on April 13, 2017, with the headline 'Money Briefs'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  RETAIL CHINA More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XLr Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content g2000_a125767_2017apr10_300x200_stadv1.jpg Working to tackle Singapore’s food waste problem steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Wells Fargo Addresses Its Image Problem as United Airlines Takes On a New One The bank board gave two former executives a $75 million punishment for encouraging fraud, while the airline has yet another case of appalling customer treatment to contend with. Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Apr 12, 2017 at 3:07PM On this episode of Market Foolery, Chris Hill is joined by Motley Fool analysts Jason Moser and Taylor Muckerman who were impressed with the decision at Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) to claw back compensation from ex-CEO John Stumpf and ex-head of Community Banking Carrie Tolstedt. They then turn their attention to the public relations nightmare at United Continental (NYSE:UAL) after video leaked of a passenger being dragged off one of its flights. To wrap up the discussion, they discuss upbeat prospects for Indian e-commerce player Flipkart in the wake of major investments from Microsoft, eBay, and Tencent. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 10, 2017. Chris Hill: It's Monday, April 10th. Welcome to Market Foolery. I'm Chris Hill. Joining me in studio today, from Million Dollar Portfolio, Jason Moser, and from Stock Advisor Canada, Taylor Muckerman. Happy Monday, gents! This is one of those, we should have class outside kind of days. Taylor Muckerman: It really is. Hill: It's so nice. So let's bang out this episode so we can go hang out outside, because it's a gorgeous spring day here in Alexandria, Virginia. We're going to get to the big e-commerce news out of India. And yes, of course, we're going to talk about United Airlines with the day that they are having. But I think we have to start with a shout out to the board of directors at Wells Fargo, which is a sentence I really never thought I would actually say. In the wake of the sales scandal last year, the board of directors at Wells Fargo is clawing back $75 million in compensation from two people: former CEO John Stumpf, and Carrie Tolstedt, who was the head of Community Banking. I have to say, Jason, I was surprised by this. I was surprised that this happened, given the fact that Stumpf knew about the sales scandal back in 2012, didn't really do anything about it for three years, and then it came to light. I just assumed that there would be financial equivalent of a slap on the wrist for both of these people and the fact that they're getting $75 million taken away, good for the board. Muckerman: On top of what they already had taken away from them. Jason Moser: Yeah. I feel like, up to this point, I've kind of felt like they weren't really sorry that this happened, they were more sorry that they just got caught. And on the one hand, to your point, you love to see a board take strong action like this. On the other hand, it at least makes you want to ask the question, what the hell were they doing all this time from 2012 up until now? How was this going on underneath their noses? So it leads me to my greater thinking in regard to boards -- boards are essentially as good as an executive team wants to make them. At its very core, you have to look at a board and think, these folks are actually just being incentivized to show up once a quarter for a year and nod and smile politely and say, "Everything is going well," and they're getting paid like kings to do that. They're incentivized to not rock the boat, because if they do, chances are they may not be asked to serve on the board anymore. Certainly, there's the financial benefit they get from actually serving on the board. I feel like a board can only really be as strong as a company's leadership wants it to be. So please understand that I'm not saying that all boards suck. I think a lot of boards are really good. It is really one of those things, though, where you look and say, how in the world was this all going on, and it's now really just coming to light? Yeah, I do applaud them for taking such a bold move here. Hopefully, we'll see future leadership here with Wells Fargo be able to distance itself from this very negative culture that's been going on for some time. Muckerman: I think they're trying to protect their neck a little bit in hindsight. I saw that the Institutional Shareholder Services, an independent firm, suggested that shareholders vote against 12 out of 15 board members in the April proxy. So I think a few of them were like, "Maybe we claw some of this back, return to some good favor with shareholders in hopes that 12 of 15 aren't voted off the board in a month's time." And to see 5,300 people get fired over five years from the same exact division and maybe not ask a question as to why ... it's only about 2% of Wells Fargo's workforce, a massive company, about 268,000 people at the end of last year. Bu, 2% of your employment, all from the sales team, and seeing those huge spikes in new accounts being signed up, over a million unauthorized accounts, there's some red flags there. At least, some things to maybe ask a question or two about, like how are we doing so well? And yet we're firing people? So, I think it's a little bit reactionary, trying to protect themselves a little bit, ahead of a very important shareholder vote for a lot of these board of directors members. Hill: Oh, I think both those things can be true at the same time. I think I can be the right thing to do, and it is absolutely a level of self-interest going on as well. But I remember when this story first broke, and one of the things we talked about was the trust factor with Wells Fargo. If you're an investor, if you're an existing shareholder or a potential shareholder, whether you're someone like us or you're running a fund on Wall Street, one of the things we kicked around was, how is Wells Fargo going to restore trust in the investor community? And I think this is a move in that direction. Muckerman: Sure. I don't know how much shares sold off the first time when this originally happened. But yeah, if it happened again, certainly much more damage would happen to shareholder value. Moser: Yeah. I think what happened to the stock was relatively predictable. It didn't seem like it really sold off all that much. But it's a huge company. Obviously, they have a stranglehold on the mortgage market, and that's not likely to change. But I think that's probably one of the things that investors should at least be concerned with going forward. Because they're going to continue to have the stranglehold on the mortgage market -- and there's no real control over that. We just bought a home, and we didn't use Wells Fargo as our lender, but the chances are Wells Fargo is going to end up getting that mortgage to service it, and I'm not going to have any say-so in it. To me, I would be a little bit more convinced had, maybe, Timothy Sloan not necessarily been named the new CEO, because Sloan was there during this whole time. He was the COO, he served as the CFO. It's not like he's completely innocent here. There's no way he didn't know what was going on. He had to know something. Hill: You're saying Timothy Sloan doesn't have fresh eyes? Moser: I'm just throwing it out there for discussion. Maybe our listeners can deliberate and send us their thoughts on Twitter and email and whatnot. But, again, I think this is a great move from the board. I would personally be a little bit more convinced if they completely cleaned house on the leadership side. I'm not saying that Timothy Sloan is guilty of anything here, but the perception is the reality in most cases, and certainly the perception is that he had to have known something. Hill: The head of public relations for United Airlines, whoever he or she is, is having a tough day, and that is because, as you have probably already seen by the time you're listening to this episode of Market Foolery, video has surfaced of a passenger being forcibly removed from a flight that was going from Chicago to Louisville. This was on Sunday. Everything about this, I think, is bad for United Airlines, because the backstory -- this is not some passenger who was drunk or causing trouble. This was, United overbooked the flight, they asked for volunteers to leave so that they could get four United employees to Louisville to service another flight. And they offered $400, and then they offered $800, and then they said, "You know what? We're just going to have a computer pick people at random." So a passenger who had paid for his flight got removed. And Taylor, as you were saying before we started taping, the aviation police, who were doing their job, seemed relatively unconcerned that so many people on that flight had their phones out and were videotaping this situation. And I know this isn't going to hurt their stock today, but among other things, I think, if I were another airline, I would be trolling United so hard with this for so long. I don't know. I think there could be some potential long-term trouble here for United, but maybe I'm wrong. Muckerman: It's unfortunate for them, because like you said, it was the Chicago Aviation Police. It wasn't their employees that apparently knocked this gentleman unconscious while trying to drag him off the airplane. Yeah, the Facebook video I saw I had been viewed 360,000 times, and it wasn't a company's page that was liked 360,000 times, it was a regular citizen who probably only had a few thousand friends on there, but 360,000 views shows the virality of this video and how widespread it become in less than 48 hours. Was it yesterday that this happened? Hill: This was yesterday. Muckerman: Less than 24 hours, viewed almost 400,000 times on one person's account. Yeah, they're definitely going to see this on social media for quite some time. Hill: And, you're right, it wasn't United employees who removed this guy. But I look at the underlying business systems that United put in place, and I think, ultimately, it falls back on them. It highlights how airlines overbook. Muckerman: Yeah, they're not the only ones that overbook. All of them do it. Hill: Yeah. But in this case, they're overbooking so that they can get employees from point A to point B. Why are you stopping at $800 if you're trying to get people to leave a flight voluntarily? Muckerman: This is going to cost them way more than $800. Moser: And if you think, too, if you go 10 or 20 years back, to when this was something airlines would do, and I think travelers probably assigned more value to that travel voucher back then than they do. I think a lot of that is because the way the internet has changed everything we do, from e-commerce to travel to banking. What I think the internet has ultimately done is helped us realize placing more value on our time. In any scenario, you value your time moreso today than I think we could have 10 or 20 years ago, because there were not as many choices. So when you get stuck on an airplane and they're trying to get people to take off and take a travel voucher and take a later flight, like, "That $400, I guess I could do something, but it's such a nightmare going to the airport and dealing with getting through security and getting on the plane, nobody likes flying on those planes with those little tiny seats." All of the sudden, United becomes ... any airline is going to have to look at that and say, "Maybe $400 isn't going to cut it." Maybe $800 does cut it. Maybe there are a few people on the plane that will go ahead and take that offer. But, again, I think, why in the world do they so consistently overbook flights? You have a fixed number of seats. It's not like it takes a PhD to figure this out. So obviously, they do something where they're relying on some sort of statistical measure, where it says how many people might not show up for a flight, or however many cancellations might exist, and they can overbook by this amount. But, I do think, for someone, I look at myself and I am, generally speaking, about as apathetic to any given airline brand when it comes to flying. I'm just looking for a plane that's not going to go down, and I want a reasonable price, and I want you to get me there quickly. But man, after this, I have to say, I don't think I would want to buy a ticket for a United flight because of this. I don't see anything good that came of this. There was the dress code thing that wasn't too terribly long ago, either, which I found to be pretty absurd, honestly. They're just not doing themselves any favors. Hill: And I don't know if you saw this, but in response to the whole United flight not letting the two young women on because they had leggings, Delta Air Lines tweeted out something about how, "Flying Delta means flying comfortable, even if you just want to wear leggings."  Moser: Yeah, you should go out in public and you should be dressed in such a way that is not provocative or questionable. But hey, instead of focusing on the dress code, why don't you focus on people that smell bad? Right? Have you ever sat on a plane next to somebody who stinks? Because that's offensive. Hill: I think that's going to be a tough one to put into a system. Muckerman: Well, they're both subjective. Moser: I don't think so. I think fashion is subjective. Objectively, you either smell or you don't. And if you smell, I don't want to sit next to you. Hill: The e-commerce battle in India is starting to heat up. Flipkart, which is an e-commerce start-up in India, has raised $1.4 billion from Microsoft, eBay, and Tencent. This puts Flipkart's valuation at about $11.5 billion. Part of the fundraising in this round involves Flipkart acquiring eBay's operations in India. Let me go back a little bit to give some context here. Last June, one of the stories we talked about on Market Foolery was Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) investing $3 billion to their operations in India. A few of the dozens live in India, so at that point, I asked any of our listeners who lived in India to share their experience with e-commerce and got some phenomenal information back from folks. Flipkart is one of those brands I was completely unfamiliar with, and it was actually started by some guys who used to work for Amazon in the United States. Jason, even if you take into account the valuation of Flipkart coming down a little bit, these are serious backers in the likes of Microsoft and Tencent and eBay. Moser: Yeah, serious backers in a very serious market. This isn't something that's going to materialize over the next two years. I think, really, you have to look at this from the perspective of the next decade. And certainly, it seems like Flipkart has established itself as a pretty credible presence there, based on the feedback we got from our listeners last year. So I think the one thing that would give me pause when it comes to Flipkart is, essentially, I think the clock is ticking. And I think it's moving a little bit faster for Flipkart than it is for Amazon. Flipkart is a little bit more under the gun and needing to raise capital and really building out this business. I think they have, obviously, the founders have a good idea of what Amazon is all about, and how Jeff Bezos has built that business, why he built it the way he has. So, I would like to believe that they are focused on some of the very things that he's been focused on, primarily, awesome customer service, then low prices as well. The thing is, Amazon is already so successful and so big, and has really already done it here domestically -- I mean, that's what they're doing, they're taking what they've done domestically and doing it elsewhere. So, we're seeing the European operation, for example, coming online. And we see that operating profit starting to strengthen there as they continue to realize more return on those investments. We're watching them try to do the same thing in markets like China and India and the Middle East acquisition that they just made there. So, I think that is just where the biggest challenge for Flipkart lies. Amazon has a little bit more luxury here in the form of capital and time and, obviously, the know-how. They've learned a lot from their successes and their failures. But it does seem like Flipkart is onto something here. When you're raising that kind of money, and your company is valued anywhere between $10 to $15 billion, you're doing something right. Hill: Absolutely. Muckerman: With your competitive advantage, if you're just trying to beat Amazon, against Amazon, I think you're running up against a wall there. Amazon is already No. 2 in e-commerce in India, and they've only been there since 2013. $5 billion from them versus a few billion from these other companies, a little smaller bet for Microsoft, because it's only chipping in, whereas Amazon is putting their own money into this and they're doing it on their own. I think it's a great market to get into because you saw in November of last year when Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed the 500 and 1,000 rupee notes out of circulation, which was, I read, about 86% of cash in circulation. So, the country is not yet set up for a cashless society, but they're certainly trying to move in that direction -- 1.5 billion people, and you have only about 40 million that have used online e-commerce. Huge market, but like you said, it's not going to be a couple years where you really start to tap into it. Moser: Yeah. And you're going to see, like we saw with MercadoLibre, which is basically like in the Amazon of Latin America. MercadoLibre, the founders and leaders there had the wherewithal to really invest in this early on, which is why they've been so successful, and I think they're discovering the tailwinds of not only the growth in e-commerce but also in emerging middle class. I think that's something we should expect with India over the course of the next decade and beyond, is this emergence of a more powerful consumer, as time goes on, with such a massive population there. The financial implications could be huge. I don't think it's winner-take-all thing. I think Amazon is probably going to succeed, because they tend to succeed in whatever they do. And I think Flipkart is wise to be making as big and bold a bet as they are right now in that market. They seem like they're long-term thinkers like Jeff Bezos is, which is why I'm sure they're not looking at this as, No. 1, they're not looking at this as a winner-take-all scenario, and No. 2, I'm sure they're looking at this and thinking, "How do we build this business to succeed over the course of the next decade and beyond?" Because that's really what this is all about -- consumer behavior over the course of the next 50 years. I think e-commerce is proving itself to be where it's at. Hill: Two more interesting notes that we got from our listeners that I think probably point to areas that these two companies are working on. One was that Flipkart is better at apparel. We know, even here in the U.S., Amazon is trying to do more with apparel. So, that's clearly something they're going to be working on. Amazon in India appears to be doing better with third-party sellers. If you think about the vast network of third-party sellers that they have on the platform here in North America, that's already paving the way for some success in India, as well. So, presumably, Flipkart is working on that as well, trying to get better at third-party sellers. Moser: Absolutely. That is a great opportunity that exists. You have to look at these businesses beyond just the consumers like us. These are great platforms for other sellers to be able to, basically, take their small businesses and focus on growing the business without having to worry about investing in all of that infrastructure and inventory management, internet platform, mobile, whatever it may be. Amazon has proven to be an excellent third-party provider. So, that's certainly a big opportunity as well. Hill: Two housekeeping notes before we wrap up. First, thank you to Scott Newhouse, one of our listeners, for stopping by today, and bringing some donuts in the process. Muckerman: Couple boxes, yeah. I'll take it. Moser: The man knows us well. Hill: You know what? Given the nice weather, I think we could take our donuts outside. Second, tonight, 10 o'clock on AMC, Better Call Saul returns, the season 3 premiere. That's where you'll find me at 10 o'clock tonight. Moser: I hear this season is chock-full of goodies, we're going to get a lot of backstories on a lot of that Breaking Bad goodness. Hill: I'm very excited. Thanks for being here, guys. As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery, the show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Chris Hill. Thanks for listening. We'll see you tomorrow! Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Hill owns shares of Amazon and eBay. Jason Moser owns shares of Twitter. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Amazon and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, eBay, Facebook, MercadoLibre, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Full-time host of the Motley Fool Money radio show, MarketFoolery podcast, and other things. Part-time connoisseur of movies, basketball & fine bourbon. Article Info Apr 12, 2017 at 3:07PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $896.23 down $-6.13 (-0.68%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $53.12 down $-1.04 (-1.92%) United Continental Holdings NYSE:UAL $69.93 down $0.78 (-1.10%) Read More Staples Is for Sale, but Is It Talking to the Wrong Buyers? There Are Still Plenty of Reasons to Love Nike What Happened in the Stock Market Today Staples Inc. Stock Jumps 12% as It Searches for Buyer Why Investors Should Be Cheering This Record-Setting Restaurant Buyout Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Wells Fargo Addresses Its Image Problem as United Airlines Takes On a New One @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WFC, $UAL
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News First Nations Launches New “Nourishing Native Children: Feeding Our Future” Grant Program Longmont, Colorado, April 12, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — LONGMONT, Colorado (April 12, 2017) – First Nations Development Institute (First Nations) today launched a new grant program called “Nourishing Native Children: Feeding Our Future” thanks to generous funding provided by the Walmart Foundation. The effort will provide grants to Native American communities interested in expanding nutrition resources for existing programs that serve American Indian children ages 6-14. First Nations plans to award up to 10 grants of up to $15,000 each to continue or expand existing nutrition efforts.The deadline for all online grant applications is May 5, 2017. The grant period will commence June 1, 2017, and end January 31, 2018. The full Request for Proposals and the application link can be found at http://www.firstnations.org/grantmaking/2017NourishingNativeChildren.For many Native children, meals provided by their school, nonprofit service provider, or through a take-home food program, may be the most consistent and/or nutritionally-balanced food they receive. The project’s two-fold goal is to support 10 Native American, community-based feeding programs in at least three states serving Native children ages 6-14, and to learn from these programs and other model programs about best practices, challenges, barriers to success, and systemic and policy issues affecting Native children’s hunger, and to foster partnerships among programs.In conjunction with this grant opportunity, First Nations will host a facilitated, one-day convening with one representative from each of the 10 selected grantees to gather information, provide a networking opportunity, and discuss promising models and practices. The convening will held during the national Food Sovereignty Summit between October 2 and 5, 2017, in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The Summit is co-hosted by First Nations and the Oneida Tribe of Indians of Wisconsin.Entities eligible to apply are schools serving a primarily Native student body, Native nonprofit organizations that are Native-controlled 501(c)3s or tribally-controlled, and tribes. Eligible applicants will be rural- or reservation-based and will have existing feeding programs (not startups) and will provide nutritious food either at their facilities and/or through take-home programs (like backpack programs) to Native children aged 6-14.First Nations is seeking existing Native American education programs that currently reach or will expand to reach a significant number of Native children in tribal communities that have significant rates of food insecurity or hunger. First Nations will also focus on programs that demonstrate the ability to collect data necessary to demonstrate impact, indicate willingness to participate in this project’s learning convening, and which have the potential for extrapolating lessons learned and best practices that will have relevance for other feeding programs for Native children. First Nations seeks programs that already have a programmatic policy component in place or indicate a strong interest in working toward systemic changes or policy changes to address children’s hunger in their communities and that will be sustainable beyond this grant period.There will be two informational webinars for interested applicants. Although these are optional, it is recommended that applicants tune in to one or both of them:April 19, 2017, at 11 a.m. Mountain Daylight Time (which is 10 a.m. Pacific / Noon Central / 1 p.m. Eastern). REGISTER HERE: https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/4460765235071451137April 25, 2017, at 1 p.m. Mountain Daylight Time (which is Noon Pacific / 2 p.m. Central / 3 p.m. Eastern). REGISTER HERE: https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/8262841259548796929About First Nations Development InstituteFor 36 years, using a three-pronged strategy of educating grassroots practitioners, advocating for systemic change, and capitalizing Indian communities, First Nations has been working to restore Native American control and culturally-compatible stewardship of the assets they own – be they land, human potential, cultural heritage, or natural resources – and to establish new assets for ensuring the long-term vitality of Native American communities.  First Nations serves Native American communities throughout the United States. For more information, visit www.firstnations.org. –##–Program Contacts: A-dae Romero-Briones, First Nations Associate Director of Research and Policy, Native Agriculture (303) 774-7836 x212 or abriones@firstnations.org Tawny Wilson, First Nations Program Officer (303) 774-7836 x218 or twilson@firstnations.org Media Contact: Randy Blauvelt, First Nations Senior Communications Officer (303) 774-7836 x213 or rblauvelt@firstnations.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Judith Ripka LTD. Announces New License Agreement with Pranda North America, Inc. Next PostNext Cantilever Support Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2021 Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm La plus grande exposition sur l’IA (intelligence artificielle) au monde aura lieu à Tokyo du 28 au 30 juin ! AIG Announces Consumer Insurance Investor Day Biogas Power Market Research, Size, Share and Growth Forecast by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 NAV CANADA annonce ses résultats financiers pour le second trimestre Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Thursday April 13, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks Wal-Mart 'to cut hundreds of corporate jobs' AFP  Thursday, April 13, 2017, 12:25 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 NEW YORK -- Wal-Mart Stores is eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs in a cost-cutting move, a person familiar with the matter said Tuesday. The cuts will affect employees in Wal-Mart's international division, its technology services division and its Sam's Club business. The layoffs are centered in administrative functions, the person said, confirming a story in the Wall Street Journal. Wal-Mart has been targeting e-commerce growth and looking to offset increased spending in that realm with belt-tightening elsewhere. "To fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," a Wal-Mart spokesman said. "In order to achieve this, from time to time you'll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast. In some areas, we'll invest in new positions but in other cases, we'll operate more efficiently and work to change our processes and become more digital to change the work itself." Wal-Mart, the world's biggest retailer, cut 1,000 administrative and e-commerce jobs at the start of 2017, even as it pledged to create 10,000 jobs in the United States. In 2016, Wal-Mart cut 18,000 jobs through store closures and automation. Some of the workers affected by those cuts found posts elsewhere at the company. PREVIOUS ARTICLE Asus' worldwide PC shipments fall 'up to 14%' in Q1 NEXT ARTICLE World markets cautious in the face of geopolitical risks Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Reports of TSMC's US plant rattle Taiwan 2 TSMC still considering plans for 3nm chip production 3 Why analysts believed TSMC was looking elsewhere 4 Wanda ends bid for US producer 5 Brazil investment plan under discussion: Taiwanese IC company 6 China's Premier Li arrives in New Zealand for talks 7 Wistron shares soar on earnings, Apple orders 8 American Airlines buys stake in China Southern Airlines 9 Debt, low wages signal rise of youth poverty: job bank 10 Taiwan in talks with Intel, Cisco to set up IoT centers: report Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon By Victoria Craig Published April 12, 2017 Retail FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print A boy tries to hide from the camera in a shopping cart at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Springdale, Arkansas, June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Rick Wilking Walmart (WMT) is dangling more online-order discounts in front of consumers while cutting corporate head count as it doubles down on efforts to cut costs and better compete with e-commerce behemoth Amazon (AMZN). Continue Reading Below As part of those ongoing efforts, Walmart announced Wednesday that beginning April 19, it will launch what it calls the Pickup Discount: Lower prices for about 10,000 items customers can purchase on the store’s e-commerce platform and have sent to any Walmart store for pickup. For example: If a shopper purchases a VIZIO SmartCast TV online, Walmart will knock $50 off the purchase price. The bigger the item, the larger the discount since it costs more for the company to ship. The key for Walmart is the pick-up in store element, which removes the so-called last-mile cost of delivery, accounting for a hefty chunk of the cost to ship products to individual homes. “When we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfilment centers to our 4,700 stores, this means quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings,” said Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. e-Commerce. Despite a challenging environment fueled by the rise of e-commerce that’s posed significant problems for a range of traditional retailers from Macy’s (M) and JCPenney (JCP) to Payless, Ralph Lauren (RL), and even upscale jeweler Tiffany (TIF), Walmart continued to post revenue gains in its most recent quarter, helped by steady investment in its e-commerce division. The company’s CEO Doug McMillon said customers have become accustomed to expecting increasingly personalized and convenient shopping experiences and vowed to outline more progress on meeting those demands in 2017. The latest ecommerce promotion comes after the company in late January introduced no-membership-required free two-day shipping on two million items. By the summer, Walmart says it plans to have one million of its most popular items under the Pickup Discount umbrella. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Through these efforts, Walmart – which is the second-largest online retailer in the U.S. by revenue – has highlighted discounts on items that fit squarely in Amazon’s membership-based Prime and Prime Now service, including household goods from cleaning supplies to snacks, pet care, beauty and baby. Walmart acquired Jet.com – a direct Amazon competitor – back in September in a move that stepped up the ongoing discount war with the e-commerce giant.  While Amazon uses algorithms to suggest new products consumers might like based on recent purchases, Jet uses its own algorithm that re-prices products in a shopper’s cart, aiming to help them spend less the more they buy if all the products are available at the same distribution center and can be packaged together. As it continues to beef up its e-commerce offerings, the company also confirmed to FOX Business it is reducing its workforce by “hundreds” of positions at Sam’s Club and within its international and technology businesses.  “We will continue to look at the company and there could be more positions down the road that we eliminate, there could be positions we add,” Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove told FOX Business. “Look at the online business: We’ve got online grocery, pick-up in store – those are examples of where we’ve added because the business is changing as we become a more digital company.” The latest round of cuts brings the job loss total to around 18,000 over the last year as the company has trimmed its store portfolio and refocused efforts on building out its e-commerce business. But Hargrove emphasized that not all of those employees have been completely displaced – more than half, he said, found positions in other parts of the company. What’s more, he said the company has plans to create about 10,000 new jobs this fiscal year through store openings.  Related Content An Activist at the Whole Foods Table: What it Means for WFM's Turnaround Chances As Traditional Retail Struggles, Wall Street Cheers Canada Goose's Prospects Retail Socks March Job Gains, Jobless Rate Drops to ’07 Low Neiman Marcus Sees Experiences, Tech as Way Forward Amid Retail Slowdown Ralph Lauren to Cut Jobs, Shutter 5th Avenue Polo Store in NYC What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart turns up the heat on Amazon with new discounting program April 12, 2017 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Walmart has fired another shot at Amazon.   In a move that leverages the retail giant’s vast store and delivery networks and expanding online capabilities, Walmart, starting April 19, will begin offering a discount on merchandise that customers buy online and have shipped to a Walmart store for pick-up. Walmart’s new Pickup Discount program will initially be available only on about 10,000 items, but will be expanded to more than one million of the chain’s most popular items by the end of June.    Here’s how it works: Customers shop an item notated with “pickup discount” and ship to their local store for pick up. The shoppers will then receive a discount based on each individual item.    The discounts will vary. Walmart offered a few examples: Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry, which sells for $23.99, will have a pick-up discount of $2.55; a Britax infant car seat that sells for $148.05 will have a discount of $7.40. Larger items will offer bigger discounts: a Vizio television that has a $1,698 price tag will offer a discount of $50.   The new feature was inspired by the Smart Cart technology developed by Jet.com, the e-commerce retailer Walmart acquired in September.  The technology, which used an algorithm to drive discounts, offered on a variety of ways shoppers could save on their purchases. (The founder of Jet.com, Marc Lore, is now the president and CEO of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce.)   The program takes “the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marries it with Walmart’s operational efficiency to bring price transparency to life at walmart.com,” Lore wrote in a blog on Walmart’s website.   “We can remove the last mile delivery costs (that represent the lion’s share of the costs to ship products to customers’ homes) when we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfillment centers to our 4,700 stores,” Lore added. “This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings.”   The new pickup discount complements the Walmart’s Online Grocery Pickup service, which is now in 600 stores. The chain plans to expand the service to an additional 500 stores this year, according to Lore.   “We already offer great prices online,” Lore said. “We do that every day. Offering a discount on Pickup demonstrates how we can take that to the next level by operating more efficiently and removing costs from the system to give customers even more ways to save.”   The service comes as the shipping and pricing wars between Walmart and Amazon intensify. In a move to counter Amazon Prime, Walmart recently eliminated its ShippingPass program in favor of a free two-day shipping program.    Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Convenience store giant makes $3.3 billion acquisition CEO of specialty apparel chain out Stage Stores to acquire bankrupt department store chain — but not all of it Report upbeat about retail industry Forever 21 in big rollout of sister banner President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Peet’s Coffee & Tea, Georgetown (Washington, D.C.) Peet’s Coffee & Tea’s three-level outpost in historic Georgetown marries a contemporary design with the locale’s storied colonial past.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Business Retail Why Walmart Is Pulling Out All the Stops to Compete With Amazon By Sheena Butler-Young / 15 hours ago Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk AP Images In the midst of tough retail times, Wal-Mart isn’t going down without a fight. The mega-retailer and largest private employer in the U.S. today unveiled its latest omnichannel strategy likely aimed at fending off mounting competition from Amazon.com Inc. Related Walmart's ShoeBuy Purchases Shoes.com Domain Starting on April 19, the company said it is going to begin offering a “pickup discount” on eligible, online-only (non-store) items that customers buy online and ship to any Walmart store for retrieval. The discount will initially be available on about 10,000 items. “We will then roll out the discount to more than one million of the most popular items by the end of June,” Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. e-commerce, added in a post on the company’s website. “We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pick up and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership.” For months, Amazon Prime’s promise of two-day shipping on millions of items has sent Walmart — and a bevy of small and large retailers — scrambling to offer faster, cheaper delivery to customers in order to maintain market share. In January, Wal-Mart started offering free, two-day shipping on over 2 million items, with no need for a membership fee. That move was in addition to the retailer’s digital shopping spree that has spanned the last eight months. Wal-Mart picked up Jet.com in August, the e-tailer ShoeBuy in January and brick-and-click outdoor retailer Moosejaw in February. “Wal-Mart is the biggest retailer in the world, and they have absolutely no choice but to look for ways that they can become a stronger competitor digitally with Amazon,”  Antony Karabus, CEO of HRC Retail Advisory, told FN last month. “They’re doing the right thing by finding these niches where Amazon is strong.” — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Retail, Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Amazon, Walmart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← Puma Raises Full-Year Guidance After Strong First-Quarter Sales Increase New Study Explains Why Our Shoelaces Untie So Quickly → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: April 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 04/12/2017 Read Now Jackie Chan Unveils 'J-Team' Animation Series Major Crimes Boss Breaks Down Finale: I Couldn't Bring Myself to… 'Star Wars Forces of Destiny' First Look Celebrates The Galaxy's… Donald Trump Once Dated A 'Real Housewives' Star & You'll Never… Dodge's new 2018 Challenger SRT Demon is so powerful it's… Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports All-America Economic Survey My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart's future under Marc Lore is starting to take shape Wal-Mart will soon offer a discount for shoppers who pick up certain online orders in its stores. The initiative is the latest way Marc Lore is putting his stamp on the retailer. Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Wal-Mart is going to start offering discounts on in-store pick ups    17 Hours Ago | 00:51 Wal-Mart investors are starting to see what the retailer will look like under the influence of Marc Lore. The founder of Jet.com, who was named the head of Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce division after it acquired his start-up last year, introduced a service that gives a peek into his vision. Notably, it includes how he can use the company's massive store fleet to better compete against Amazon. Starting next week, Wal-Mart shoppers will receive a discount on 10,000 online-only items if they elect to pick up their orders in-store. Come June, the service will be available on more than 1 million items. The discounts will vary based on the item's size and price. The idea is to pass along the savings Wal-Mart would have pocketed by not having to ship items directly to shoppers' doorsteps, Lore told CNBC. That's the most expensive piece of the delivery process. But the discount also serves as a way to bring customers into its stores, where they could make an additional purchase. The strategy comes as retailers are shuttering thousands of stores across the U.S. to boost their productivity. "Stores are still an asset and Wal-Mart is demonstrating that with this effort," Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea said. Wal-Mart's price cuts will be determined by the same technology that powers Jet's Smart Cart. It's based on an algorithm that considers variables like where the inventory is located. A Wal-Mart spokeswoman declined to give specifics on whether Wal-Mart would generate the same profit margin by providing a discount on items picked up in store. But O'Shea cautioned that isn't the only element to consider when analyzing the tactic. Even if Wal-Mart gave up a small piece of its margin by filling an order in-store, it's an overall win if they persuade someone to add extra items to their carts, he said. "Jet is in a lot of ways Wal-Mart discovering fire for a bricks-and-mortar retailer," O'Shea said. "We're starting to see [it] really start to roll." The success of this initiative will, of course, depend on its execution, Michelle Grant, head of retailing at Euromonitor International, said. If people have to wait in long lines to pick up their orders or receive the wrong items, they'll be less likely to use the service again, she said. To mitigate those issues, Wal-Mart has beefed up the staffing at its service desks and developed a new training program for employees. In any case, Wal-Mart's initiative is just the latest way Lore is putting his stamp on the retailer. Earlier this year, he lowered the chain's free shipping threshold from $50 to $35 and shortened its delivery window by as many as three days. Wal-Mart has also snatched up a handful of niche retailers since Lore arrived just seven months ago. Though O'Shea said the jury's still out on whether Jet was worth the $3.3 billion Wal-Mart paid, the retailer's nearly 30 percent online sales growth over the holidays was "pretty meaningful," he said. Looking ahead, Lore promises there's more to come. "We're looking at all sorts of ways to leverage [our] assets," he said. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Kroger names Foley chief accounting officer Apr 10, 2017 Survival tips for the coming price wars Apr 10, 2017 Weis details CEO compensation Apr 10, 2017 Industry stocks lag in Q1 Apr 07, 2017 Retailers fight to preserve debit-fee reforms Apr 07, 2017 Featured Plumb’s Foods rebrands, adds AWG private label Apr 11, 2017 Activists take stake in Whole Foods Apr 10, 2017 Gallery: Why is Walmart No. 1 in SN's Top 10 this week? Apr 10, 2017 Jones named president of Cash & Carry Apr 10, 2017 Wal-Mart News>Online Retail Walmart to introduce discounts on pickup Jet-like “price transparency” for 1M online-only products Jon Springer | Apr 12, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores said Wednesday that it would begin offering discounts for online shoppers who select to pick their purchases up in a Walmart store. The discounts will begin next week on around 10,000 items that are only available online, the company said. Walmart said it intended to extend the offer to more than 1 million products in June. The announcement represents an early manifestation of Jet.com’s “price transparency” approach to e-commerce applied at Walmart.com and integrated at physical stores. Walmart acquired Jet for $3 billion late last year, and installed its founder, Marc Lore, as president and CEO on its U.S. e-commerce operation. Walmart is betting that getting the consumer to participate in the effort to reduce costs – what CEO Doug McMillon calls “EDLP 2.0” – will help its effort to win the omnichannel shopping game. “We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pick up and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership,” Lore said in a statement. Lore said the discounts represent Walmart’s lower fulfillment cost for customers who prefer to provide the “last mile” delivery themselves and the efficiency of shipping to stores and not homes. Walmart operates more than 4,700 stores. Jet.com similarly provides discount offers that reflect more efficient fulfillment options, such as not returning their items, paying by debit card or buying items that could ship together. The program which Walmart is calling Pickup Discount, begins April 17. A sampling of items under the program the company provided call for discounts ranging from $50 off the retail price – a 2.9% discount -- on a $1,698 Vizio television to a 10.6% price break on a Lego City toy regularly priced at $23.99. “We are doing a lot to enhance the Pickup (sic) experience to make it even simpler and more convenient for customers,” Lore added. “We’ve also been hard at work aggressively expanding our Online Grocery Pickup service which is now in 600 stores with an additional 500 coming this year.” 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Q&A with Albertsons’ digital SVPApr 06, 2017 Teaching an old pet department new tricksApr 04, 2017 Gallery: Kroger dominates Top 10, but is it No. 1?Apr 03, 2017 If Amazon is to conquer Walmart, it better conquer profits tooMar 31, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Walmart Offers Cheap When People Want Easy By Shelly Banjo Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon Consumer Shelly Banjo Shelly Banjo is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering retail and consumer goods. She previously was a reporter at Quartz and the Wall Street Journal. Follow @sbanjo Facebook Twitter Email Print Share April 12, 2017 11:46 AM EDT AMAZON.COM INC -6.13 At Closing, April 12th 896.23 USD WAL-MART STORES INC +0.01 At Closing, April 12th 73.44 USD Wal-Mart Stores Inc. on Wednesday unveiled a new discount program to entice customers to pick up online orders from its stores. The idea is: If it's cheaper for Walmart to get stuff to its 5,000 stores, rather than millions of individual households, than why not pass along part of that discount? It has the extra benefit of getting customers back into stores to buy more.  Walmart's plan makes great sense in theory. I'm just not convinced it jibes with how consumers think these days. Playing Catch Up Walmart shares rose 6% in the last year, but it's still trailing the rise in the S&P 500 Source: Bloomberg In an era where Amazon.com Inc. has trained shoppers to be so lazy that they can order cardboard boxes and packing tape an hour before they are ready to pack up their goods and move to another apartment, it's unclear consumers are going to want to work that hard just to save Walmart, and themselves, a buck or two.  Internet Overlord Amazon made up more than half of all retail e-commerce sales growth in 2016 Source: EMarketer Inc. The reason why shoppers keep going back to Amazon, which now controls about half the growth in the U.S. e-commerce market, is only partly about low prices, where Amazon is often not the leader. It's for the ease of ordering, shipping, and delivery. People are now conditioned to pay for convenience.  Amazon Addiction Share of primary household shoppers who shopped at Amazon or Walmart Source: Kantar Retail ShopperScape Note: Share of shoppers who shopped Amazon or Walmart at least once in the previous four weeks Which is why Walmart's discount plan seems so out of touch. The scheme reminds me of my leadership courses at business school, which taught students theories of how companies are supposed to be run. You'd get all jazzed up to go implement these best practices, in B-school parlance, but reality hits when you arrive in the workplace. You can just picture the Walmart executives nodding favorably to a Power Point presenting the newest discount program.  There's is certainly a subset of shoppers who will spend the time to save money. These are folks who clip coupons, subscribe to email lists, and order in bulk to squeeze out savings. In fact, that's the entire premise around the hot bargain shopping app Wish, which promises dirt-cheap, unbranded items for shoppers willing to wait as long as a couple of weeks for delivery. The difference is, Wish's focus on personalization, customer service, and ease of use makes up for the wait times, which the company is also working on reducing.  For many of Walmart's low-income customers, every penny counts. But the retailer has said one reason it bought Jet.com last year was that Walmart's online customers tended to be wealthier shoppers who would spend more for the higher-end brands Jet.com could offer. If that's the case, than it seems Walmart is targeting the wrong audience with its discount program. On the other hand, if Walmart hopes to attract its lower-income customers to shop online, any savings from the discount program may wash out when factoring in rising gas prices and transportation costs to get to a physical store.  As I wrote last September when Walmart bought Jet.com, real competition against Amazon will come down to a relentless focus on pleasing customers, not just pushing up profits.  Growth Spurt Walmart's Jet.com purchase boosted U.S. e-commerce sales, which rose 29% in the latest quarter from a year ago. But poor overseas sales dragged down total figures. Source: Bloomberg, Walmart It's one of the reasons the complicated way Jet.com prices items still seems so puzzling to me. Customers save money by jumping through a series of hoops when they make purchases -- bundling on extra products, paying with a debit card, and the like -- and this helps Jet cut costs. The real beneficiary here seems to me to be the company, not the shopper. It can't hurt for Walmart to try the discount program out -- testing and learning about what its customers want. But it will likely realize that instead of trying to figure out how to make things easier for Walmart, it should worry more about making things easier for people to shop with the retailer. If not, any advantage Walmart is building online will have a short shelf life.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Shelly Banjo in New York at sbanjo@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Jennifer Ryan at jryan13@bloomberg.net Average apprenticeship for Cathay CEOs 3 decades Game of Thrones Cathay Pacific Needs Regime Change Management David Fickling Big and Boring Big and Boring Toshiba's top shareholders include global funds like Capital Group, BlackRock and JPMorgan Source: Bloomberg Note: GPIF is Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund; Effissimo is a hedge fund set up by former colleagues of Japanese activist investor Yoshiaki Murakami. Sorry Story Toshiba's Slide Into Obscurity Markets Nisha Gopalan Along For The Ride Along For The Ride Since news of the SolarCity deal first surfaced, institutions have tended overall to increase their exposure to Tesla rather than cut it Source: Bloomberg Note: Data show change in various metrics related to institutional ownership of Tesla's stock since June 19th, 2016. Data for number of buyers, sellers, new buyers and selloffs reflect activity in the past week compared with activity in the week ending June 19th, 2016. Driver's Seat Tesla's Board Needs Refor...Hey, Look at That Stock Go! Autos Liam Denning Deserved? Deserved? CEO compensation at large banks doesn't necessarily reflect lender performance Source: Institutional Shareholder Services *Based on more recently published proxy Change-Up It's Time for Bank Hardball Finance Gillian Tan Yale Endowment as of Fiscal 2016 $25.4B    Ivy League Table Yale's Faith Not Shaken by Stirring of Low Fees Markets Nir Kaissar Lots of Bills Lots of Bills The amount of U.S. credit card debt has soared to levels not seen since the crisis Source: Federal Reserve Plastic Explosive The Trillion-Dollar Card Question Markets Lisa Abramowicz Surprise! Surprise! Eaton fell more than 8 percent after management said the Cooper deal would prevent it from doing a spinoff until five years after closing Source: Bloomberg You Call This Core? Eaton's Breakup Clock Is Ticking Industrials Brooke Sutherland Daimler's Tesla investment $50 million Patronage Punished Mercedes vs. Tesla Is an Epic Tale Tech Chris Bryant Same Store Slowdown Same Store Slowdown Having rebounded, Tesco's U.K. like-for-like sales growth is decelerating Source: Company reports, Bloomberg Intelligence Talking Shop Tesco's Long Booker Campaign Consumer Andrea Felsted Voters still undecided 40% null France's Bond Roller-Coaster Markets Marcus Ashworth Proportion of H-1B visas that go to Indians 70.1% HOME RUN Trump Puts India First Tech Tim Culpan Overdue an Upgrade Overdue an Upgrade Equity analysts are finally coming round to shareholders' view of Aeon Source: Bloomberg Measuring Aeon A Forgotten Giant More Prized Than Amazon Consumer David Fickling Gone Sour Gone Sour Stock in China Huishan Dairy plunged 85 percent on March 24 in less than 90 minutes Source: Bloomberg Milk It HSBC Dims Huishan Investor Hopes Industrials Nisha Gopalan Axovant CEO Stock Jump 20%  Stiff Head Winds New Captain, Same Ship for Axovant Health Max Nisen NextEra Steps NextEra Needs Oncor Or An Encore Deals Liam Denning Apple's Demands From Qualcomm Billions Marginalized Apple Goes to Court to Protect its Profits Tech Shira Ovide Pressure Cooker Play Along, Whole Foods Consumer Shelly Banjo Raining Bonds Raining Bonds Companies sold an unprecedented volume of U.S. bonds in the first quarter Source: Bloomberg In Your Debt Wall Street's Thank-You Letter to Corporate America Markets Lisa Abramowicz Reality Bites Retail Investors, Listen to the Kids Consumer Shelly Banjo Number of companies in which France owns stakes 1,800 Government risk Pruning France's $106 Billion Portfolio Finance Lionel Laurent Dialog sales to Apple 70 percent Second Bite Don't Depend on Apple Tech Leila Abboud Wardrobe Staple Wardrobe Staple Even during the luxury trough, LVMH generated organic growth Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Timeless LVMH: Luxury's Little Black Dress Consumer Andrea Felsted Toshiba goodwill writedown $6.4 billion Goodwill Hunting The $7 Trillion Hazard That Lies Beneath the M&A Boom Deals Chris Bryant Australian Rules Australian Rules BHP Billiton's Australian shares tend to trade at a premium of $2 or more to the U.K. stock Source: Bloomberg, Gadfly calculations tax discredit Gold, Franking Nonsense and Err Commodities David Fickling
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics X AMD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More BlackBerry (BBRY) jumps 17% on legal win against Qualcomm >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Walmart Pickup Discount: How Much Can You Save Picking Up Your Online Order In-Store? The new discount will debut on April 19 Apr 12, 2017, 12:10 pm EDT  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer Get AMZN alerts: Submit     Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) is going to start offering a Walmart Pickup Discount to customers ordering online. Source: Shutterstock Customers that chose to order products from the retailer online and pick them up at a physical store will get a Walmart Pickup Discount. This option will go into effect on April 19 for about 10,000 items. The items available for the discount will be ones only available through online orders. Walmart says that it is planning to expand the Walmart Pickup Discount to more than 1 million of its most popular items by the end of June. WMT is able to discount the items because it saves on shipping by not sending the products directly to customers. The Walmart Pickup Discount was announced by Marc Lore, the President and CEO of its U.S. eCommerce division, in a blog post. The new option for customers are the company’s latest efforts to pull shoppers away from rival Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Lore has listed out some of the items that will be available for the Walmart Pickup Discount and how much customers will save on them. Here are the items from that list. Britax B-SAFE 35 Infant Car Seat, Slate Strie – The original price is $148.05, but customers will save $7.40 by picking it up. LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry, 60119 – $23.99 is the original price and customers will get a discount of $2.55 with the new option. Coleman 150 qt Heritage XP Marine Cooler – Customers will shave $4.46 of the original price of $111.49 when picking this up at a store. VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70″ Class 4K Ultra HDTV (M70-D3) – The original price of $1,698 be reduced by $50 when picking up the item. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/walmart-pickup-discount-wmt/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever 5 Stocks for Big-Time Rebound Returns 3 Battered Value Stocks That Are Bombs, Not Bargains 3 High-Yield ETFs for Long-Term Gains Buy This Dip in Bank of America Stock Will This Catalyst Put Tesla on Steroids? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever 3 Battered Value Stocks That Aren’t Bargains — They’re Bombs! 5 Stocks to Buy for Big-Time Rebound Returns 3 High-Yield Vanguard ETFs to Buy for Long-Term Gains 5 Reasons Why Sanofi SA (ADR) (SNY) is a Good Stock to Buy Now Most Popular The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Tech Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Income Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is Finally Breaking Out The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Share 31 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-12 Chloe Lukasiak Dishes On ‘Dance Moms’ And Abby Lee Miller In New Book: ‘It Was High Stress And Intense’ Entertainment 2017-04-12 ‘Doctor Who’ Season 10 Promises A Thrilling Ride Beginning Soon Judging By The Teaser Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-12 Charlie Hunnam’s Awesomely Impromptu ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Reunion Entertainment 2017-04-12 Madonna’s Unsurprising Opinion On Kendall Jenner’s Pepsi Ad News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-13 United Airlines Overbooking: Passenger Threatened With Handcuffs In New Incident News 2017-04-12 Sheila Abdus-Salaam, First Female Muslim Judge, Found Dead News 2017-04-12 Media Continues To Dig Into United Airlines Passenger David Dao’s Life, Uncovers Singing Past News 2017-04-12 The FBI Investigation Into Carter Page Is Another Blow To A Beleaguered Donald Trump Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-04-13 St. Louis Suing NFL One Year After Rams Relocation Basketball 2017-04-13 Derrick Rose To Test Free Agency, Haven’t Ruled Out A Return To New York Knicks [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-04-13 WWE News: Major Stadium Bidding For ‘WrestleMania’ Again After Hosting 25 Years Ago Wrestling 2017-04-13 WWE News: Braun Strowman Mocks Fan Petition To Get Him Fired Over Reigns Attack, Says #YourTearsHydrateMe Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-12 Easter 2017: Personalized Easter Baskets With Names, Ideas, Photos And Video Tutorials To Create Your Own Lifestyle 2017-04-10 Easter 2017: Discover New Traditions To Enliven Your Easter Weekend Lifestyle 2017-04-08 Easter Sunday Activities 2017: Find Out Where You Can Spend Easter Sunday With Your Family Lifestyle 2017-04-06 Easter Cakes You And Your Kids Will Love: Recipes For Dirt Cake, Wilton’s, Peeps, Bunny, Carrot And More Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-09 How Planned Parenthood Can Be Defunded And The GOP Can Still Help Women In New Healthcare Bill [Opinion] Health 2017-04-09 Live Forever: Scientists Research Immortality With Cybernetics, DNA Tinkering, New Drugs And Cloning Health 2017-04-09 Parasitic Worm Infections Multiply In Hawaii: Is Climate Change The Cause Of Rat Lungworm Spread? Health 2017-04-08 Wonder Bacteria From Pets Prevent Allergies, Obesity Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-04-12 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Volcano Will Go Active Soon, Players Should Plan To Move Technology 2017-04-12 Ahead Of Its Release Date, The iPhone 8 Is Already Hurting Sales Of Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Gaming 2017-04-11 ‘Star Wars: Battlefront 2’ Trailer Leaks, Confirms All Eras Plus Campaign Twist, Jedi And Sith Gaming 2017-04-11 ‘Call Of Duty: Black Ops 2’ Finally Joins Xbox One Backward Compatibility With Solid Performance BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-13 North Carolina GOP Lawmaker Larry Pitmann Under Fire For Calling Abraham Lincoln A ‘Tyrant’ Like Adolf Hitler BuzzWorthy 2017-04-13 Ditching Government For Comedy Was No Joke For This Former Political Insider [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-04-13 Parents Of Charlie Gard Devastated After Judge Rules Infant Can Be Taken Off Life Support Against Their Wishes BuzzWorthy 2017-04-12 13-Year-Old Boy Accidentally Shoots Himself On Instagram Live SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins: The Latest On Missing Tennessee Teenager And Alleged Abductor Crime 31 0 0 April 12, 2017 Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins: The Latest On Missing Tennessee Teenager And Alleged Abductor Aaron Homer Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins, the 15-year-old Tennessee teenager and the 50-year-old man who is believed to have abducted her, have been missing for over a month. Here is the latest on the ongoing investigation into the disappearance. The Background As the Nashville Tennessean reported, Cummins, 50, formerly a high school teacher, is believed to have abducted the 15-year-old Thomas, formerly a student of his, in March. However, whether Thomas voluntarily left with Cummins, or she was forcibly abducted by him, remains unclear. The two had been caught previously having an inappropriate relationship; Cummins’ father claims that the teacher groomed and manipulated the teenage girl. Elizabeth was last heard from on Monday, March 13, after her sister dropped her off at a Shoney’s restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee, at about 7:45 a.m. Hours later, just after 3:00 p.m. Monday, surveillance camera footage showed Cummins pumping gas into his silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee license plate of 976ZPT, at a gas station in Decatur, Alabama, about 80 miles away. Amber Alert update: Teacher was ‘stalking’ and ‘threatening’ Elizabeth Thomas before abduction https://t.co/ffu57iZ714 pic.twitter.com/qXP3qJZd5H — AL.com (@aldotcom) April 10, 2017 On March 31, surveillance footage from an Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Walmart showed the two at a Walmart parking lot. They had both apparently darkened their hair in an attempt to conceal their identities. @ottawa0214 @TBIJoshDeVine @TBIJoshDeVine @michael_gartley @beachypineapple Photo Alterations different hair color. Done by Lei Carver pic.twitter.com/hFCDWxoRG7 — North Penn MPABAT (@NorthPennMPABAT) April 2, 2017 This confirmed Tennessee authorities’ fears that the missing pair had left the southeastern part of the country. Were They Spotted In Las Vegas? Last week, YouTube users claim to have spotted the couple in a video shot in Las Vegas. YouTuber TheTrooper97, who creates vlogs mostly related to his career playing poker professionally in Las Vegas, posted a video titled “Back in Business” on April 6, which he says was shot on April 5. At around 0:51 in the video, during a crowd scene that the videographer filmed to set the mood, a middle-aged man and teenage girl walk by the camera. Although the similarities in their appearance are likely coincidental, it bears noting that Thomas is believed to have darkened her hair to disguise her identity. Similarly, as some YouTube commenters have pointed out, the young lady does appear distressed and uncomfortable. A middle-aged man and teenage girl, possibly resembling Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins, were spotted in Las Vegas. [Image by YouTube] However, there is no official evidence that Thomas and Cummins are, or were, in Las Vegas, and any speculation that a YouTube vlogger captured them in Sin City is just that: speculation. Cummins May Be Sick And In Need Of Medical Care As WKRN-TV (Nashville) reported, Cummins is known to have a medical problem that requires him to take blood pressure medication. As he’s been gone for nearly a month, it’s likely that he’s run out or is close to running out, and he may be soon turn up either at a pharmacy, looking for a refill, or in a hospital needing medical care. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation is asking pharmacists and emergency room personnel to be on the lookout for a man matching Cummins’ description trying to refill his prescription or seek medical care for blood pressure-related issues. Somebody In Tennessee Knows Something, But Isn’t Talking Meanwhile, according to Crime Online, Thomas’ family back in Tennessee believes that there are witnesses who have information about the missing pair, but aren’t talking. Family attorney Jason Whatley has filed paperwork to compel those witnesses to speak in court. “One witness in particular has been unwilling to assist. We don’t know how long it will take until the plaintiff [Cummins] and minor child be back. In the meantime, we have witnesses who will not speak. We have witnesses who, frankly, have not been helpful in solidifying their testimony and what it will be.” This is an ongoing story. More information about the disappearance of Elizabeth Thomas will be provided as it becomes available. Meanwhile, if you have any information that may be connected to the whereabouts of Elizabeth Thomas or Tad Cummins, you are urged to call the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation at 1-800-TBI-FIND (1-800-824-3463). [Featured Image by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation] Share 31 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Aaron Homer Tags: abduction, Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins, Tennessee April 12, 2017 5 Ways ‘Reign’ Season 4 Could End To Completely Wrap The Series [Spoilers] [Opinion] April 10, 2017 ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ EP Teases Fiery Blaze In Season 13 Finale Comments LATEST HEADLINES New Burger King Ad Hacks Google Home Devices – Internet And Google Respond to ‘What Is The Whopper Burger?’ Park Yoochun Confirms Upcoming Marriage: ‘Korea’s Bill Cosby’ Finds Love Amidst Scandals History’s ‘Knightfall’ Season 1 Premiere News: Will The Show Air On Friday The 13th? Angelina Jolie Wedding: The Truth Behind The Rumors Glenn Thomas Jacobs, AKA Kane The Wrestler, Pursues Mayoral Position In Tennessee ’13 Reasons Why’ Cast And Selena Gomez Get Matching Tattoos With Special Meaning North Carolina GOP Lawmaker Larry Pitmann Under Fire For Calling Abraham Lincoln A ‘Tyrant’ Like Adolf Hitler St. Louis Suing NFL One Year After Rams Relocation Ditching Government For Comedy Was No Joke For This Former Political Insider [Opinion] Jeff Varner Issues Huge Apology To Zeke Smith After ‘Survivor: Game Changers’ Shocker Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Richard Spencer Attacked: Alt Right Leader Just Punched In The Face Again, Then Glitter Bombed 22.3k 0 0 Howard Dean Should Apologize To Tulsi Gabbard And Retire From Public Life [Opinion] 6.1k 0 0 ‘Shameless’ To Continue For Four More Years? Star William H. Macy And John Wells Discuss Show During Panel 5.6k 0 0 WWE News: Fans Petition WWE To Fire Braun Strowman After Roman Reigns Attack & Ambulance Flip 4.8k 0 0 Song Joong-Ki And Song Hye-kyo May Meet In New York Soon 4.8k 0 0 Democrats Turn On Tulsi Gabbard Over Skepticism That Assad Launched Chemical Attack 4.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Commuting Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Boeing leads push for border adjustment tax overhaul Boeing backs 'border adjustment' tax overhaul The first wings for the 787 Dreamliner arrive in Everett, Washington, from a Mitsubishi plant in Nagoya, Japan. The tax on imports would apply to both finished goods and component parts, such as these wings for the 787. (Mike Siegel/Seattle Times) Print Email The Seattle Times By The Seattle Times The Oregonian on April 12, 2017 at 7:55 AM, updated April 12, 2017 at 8:26 AM comments SEATTLE -- Boeing has joined the push for a sweeping, Republican-backed reform of the U.S. corporate tax system that would reduce the tax rate substantially while imposing a tax on imports and exempting exports. CEO Dennis Muilenburg and the 330-company Aerospace Industries Association that he leads are lobbying hard for a comprehensive overhaul that would include what's known as a "border adjustment tax." Championed by some in President Donald Trump's administration and by House Speaker Paul Ryan, the idea has drawn stiff opposition not only from companies like Wal-Mart that import a lot of the goods they sell but also from free-trade hawks on the right such as billionaires Charles and David Koch, longtime funders of the Republican Party and conservative causes. With the global aviation business critically dependent on free trade, this makes Boeing and Trump "pretty strange bedfellows," noted Alan Tonelson, a fierce critic of U.S. trade policy and supporter of the tax proposal who blogs about economics and politics. Officials at Washington state's Department of Commerce, normally in sync with Boeing, a big employer in the region, are alarmed at the proposal, which many see as imposing a tariff on imported goods. "This kind of thing could start a trade war. It's very unpredictable," said Brian Bonlender, the Commerce Department's director. "We, as the most trade-dependent state in the country, are likely to be the most impacted by unintended consequences." Boeing also operations in Oregon, where it employs more than 1,600 in Gresham. The 87-acre plant produces parts for Boeing's 737, 767, 777 and 787 jets.  American auto dealers and the country's largest retailers, fearing higher consumer prices, are also opposed to the idea. So is Boeing's archrival, Airbus, which calls it protectionism. Oregon-based Columbia Sportswear and most of the U.S. outdoor and athletic apparel and footwear makers have mobilized to defeat the plan, which they claim is so onerous it will slash their profits by as much as 70 percent and potentially put some of them out of business. Columbia takes border tax fight to Capitol Hill So what's in it for the nation's largest exporter, which last year sold 68 percent of its commercial jets to foreign companies? Wouldn't this radical reshaping of federal business taxes risk retaliation from the corners of the globe that provide most of its customers -- China and Europe? And how would an import tax affect Boeing's global supply chain, which features foreign partners building major pieces of planes such as the 787? The proposed border adjustment tax was being discussed only in the most esoteric academic circles before Trump won the presidential race. Yet now a plan to implement it is being championed in Congress by Ryan and the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Kevin Brady. Reportedly, it has won the support of Trump's chief strategist, Stephen Bannon. The proposal represents a sharp structural shift in how companies are taxed -- from taxing bottom-line corporate profits, to assessing taxes on revenue generated exclusively in the U.S. If the Ryan plan becomes law, every time an item is sold to an end user within the U.S., the sales revenue would be taxable at 20 percent, with deductions allowed for domestic labor and inventory costs. Besides the lower tax rate -- down from 35 percent today -- there's another attraction for a company like Boeing that spends billions of dollars on factory buildings and manufacturing equipment. Capital investment would be immediately deductible in the year the money is spent, instead of being accounted for through depreciation over many years. The "border adjustment" element of the plan works like this: A company's sales of products exported from the U.S. are exempt from the tax entirely. By contrast, because the cost of imported goods is not deductible from a company's revenues (unlike domestic inventory costs), the company would pay 20 cents in tax for every dollar in sales of imported goods. The tax on imports would apply to both finished goods and component parts, such as the wings of the 787 that Boeing imports from Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in Japan. For a smaller-scale example, consider Everett, Wash.-based aerospace company AvtechTyee, which supplies Boeing with parts called tie rods that are used to support overhead stow bins and other fixtures on the 787 Dreamliner. The tie rods are finished in Everett, but the shaft is a long, carbon-composite tube fabricated in Tijuana, Mexico. That's not an unusual situation. In 2012, Boeing even invited smaller suppliers to attend a workshop in Chicago to learn how to shave costs by outsourcing work to Mexico. When AvtechtTyee sells the tie rods to Boeing, it will pay a 20 percent tax and won't be able to deduct the cost of the composite tubes. (AvtechTyee declined to comment.) Boeing plans to make more parts in Gresham The tax's most prominent academic advocate, Alan Auerbach, a professor of economics and law at the University of California at Berkeley, rejects the notion that the tax is protectionist or will cause prices to rise. Auerbach, who has consulted with Ryan and Brady on their proposal, insisted in an interview that the import tax ultimately won't make a difference to either Boeing or AvtechTyee or the U.S. consumer. The theory goes like this: When this system is introduced, foreign consumers or companies will want to buy more of the tax-free exports while Americans will want to buy fewer of the imports with the tax added to the price. Both these factors will cause the dollar to rise in value against foreign currencies. Auerbach and other proponents of the system contend that the dollar will appreciate 20 percent in tandem with the tax, so Boeing or AvtechTyee would be buying their imports with a stronger dollar, exactly offsetting the impact of the import charge. He says the same will apply to U.S. consumers buying items from China at Wal-Mart: The dollar's rise will exactly counter the import tax and those imported goods won't be more expensive, he contends. "They'll pay the border tax, but with dollars that are more valuable," Auerbach said. Then consider the implications if Boeing sells a 777 jet to Gulf airline Emirates with no tax to pay, and another 777 to American Airlines with a 20 percent tax added. Auerbach said that with no tax, Boeing will likely sell the plane 20 percent cheaper to Emirates than to American. However, his assumed parallel 20 percent rise in the value of the dollar would mean Emirates will have to pay that much more for the dollars it uses to buy the planes -- which will effectively extinguish the price differential, he said. Overall, Auerbach insisted the expected rise of the dollar means the tax, counterintuitively, won't create an increase in exports or a decline in imports -- though he said Trump's talk about imposing tariffs "hasn't helped" get that message across. "It won't affect the trade balance with other countries," Auerbach said. "It's not protectionist." This raises the question: If this tax won't shift the trade balance, what's it for? Auerbach says the new tax system would bring two big gains. It would end a form of corporate-tax avoidance that happens when companies overstate costs and understate profits at overseas subsidiaries. Because only sales in the U.S. are taxed, overseas transactions are simply irrelevant to this tax system. Secondly, it should make it more profitable for a company to manufacture in the U.S. rather than overseas. That's the counterintuitive theory. If it's true, Boeing could be among the very biggest winners. The tax on its imported parts would have minimal impact. And according to an analysis by former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers, now a professor at Harvard, a company like Boeing -- able to deduct much of its costs for inventory and labor that create its bulging pipeline of tax-free exported aircraft -- could end up with "annual multibillion-dollar refunds." "Businesses that invest heavily, hire extensively and export a large part of their product would have negative taxable income on a chronic basis," Summers predicted in a Washington Post op-ed piece in January. In contrast, he projected that for retailers that import a lot of their goods, "the taxes will substantially exceed 100 percent of profits, even if there is some offset from a stronger dollar." No wonder Boeing is gung-ho and Wal-Mart is worried. Boeing spokesman Charles Bickers said the company considers the border adjustment tax "the right approach" and that "the more competitive corporate rate will be beneficial to businesses." But skeptics abound. While the dollar is indeed likely to become more valuable relative to other currencies if the tax is implemented, many observers think it won't necessarily rise enough. Many other factors besides tax policy may affect the currency rate. Economist William Gale, in a Brookings Institution paper on the tax, cites the risk that if the exchange rate does not adjust fully, the rise in consumer prices would "hit low-income households disproportionately." And there is plenty of worry about the tax's impact even within the aerospace world. If the dollar fails to fully adjust, net exporters like Boeing would do extremely well, but importers including many aerospace suppliers could be hurt. For tax purposes, Boeing wouldn't be able to deduct the price it paid to Mitsubishi for the 787 wings, though that would likely be more than offset by the jet maker's much lower overall tax rate. But at a company such as AvtechTyee, the price it charges Boeing for its tie rods might have to rise as it pays the tax. If a domestic producer could manufacture similar tie rods to AvtechTyee's but with U.S.-made carbon tubes at the same cost, that rival would pay less tax and gain a pricing advantage. Most worrying for the industry is that the tax may be seen overseas as antithetical to free trade and globalization, which is the bedrock of the sustained growth of aviation. Gale's paper, among others, points out a detail that could be the spark for a damaging trade war: U.S. domestic producers of any item are allowed to deduct their labor costs when paying the tax, while a foreign firm selling the same item in the U.S. won't be able to. That difference is incompatible with World Trade Organization rules, which require that taxes be applied the same to imports as to goods produced domestically. Auerbach calls the WTO status of that provision "an open question." But Adam Pilarski, an economist and aviation expert with aircraft consultancy Avitas, said there's no doubt: "Any way you call it, it's a tariff." "Any time you mess with tariffs, you are risking a trade war," he added. "This is very, very dangerous." At an aviation-finance conference of the International Society of Transport Aircraft Trading last month in San Diego, many of the U.S. bankers and jet-setting business people attending were positive about Trump's push to lower corporate taxes and cut regulation. But major players from overseas expressed concern about encroachments on free trade. Aengus Kelly, chief executive of the world's largest aircraft lessor, Aercap, pointed out that free trade and open-skies agreements -- the ability to set up an airline and fly just about anywhere -- created top Boeing customers like Europe's discount carrier Ryanair. He said the proposed tax revamp could have negative consequences for Boeing. "You think China will keep buying Boeing airplanes if there's a border adjustment tax?" Kelly said. "I'm not so sure." Airbus sales chief John Leahy said in an interview that Europeans in the globalized aviation business are "shocked" by the growing U.S. support for what they see as trade barriers. "It's a little disappointing that some U.S. manufacturers seem to think they'll get a competitive advantage by getting on board with protectionism. It's very shortsighted," he said. Aviation industry analyst Scott Hamilton said Airbus could be hit by the tax on imported parts that it assembles in Mobile, Alabama, and on the European-built jets it sells to U.S. carriers. "You can bet if the border tax applies to Airbus in any form, the EU will retaliate," Hamilton said. Washington state commerce director Bonlender said that even if an outright trade war is averted, "Companies contemplating investing in the U.S. will hold off until they see how this whole thing plays out." He said a manufacturer considering setting up a plant here to serve the Asian market will hesitate to go forward before knowing how Asian countries will respond to any import tax. He worries too that if other countries perceive the tax as protectionist and retaliate accordingly, the tax might perversely encourage companies to put their manufacturing plants outside the U.S. That prospect was raised last summer by the chief executive of GE, Jeffrey Immelt, who told students at New York University that in an increasingly protectionist world it would be logical for multinational companies like his "to localize production in big end-use markets." In other words, if a country erects tariff barriers, a multinational can avoid them by producing in that country, provided the market is big enough. The Chinese airplane market is huge. Boeing currently projects that over the next 20 years it will sell up to a third of its aircraft in China. If China were to retaliate for the import tax by slapping tariffs on Boeing planes built in the U.S., it would give Airbus a big sales advantage -- and Boeing an incentive to build planes for the Chinese market in China. --The Seattle Times Video of the Day Nominate your company for a Top Workplaces award Most Read Business Briefing The top business headlines of the day delivered to your inbox. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Jump to Navigation PressReleasePoint Free Press Release Distribution Website Main menu Business Technology Health Education Entertainment Environment Hospitality Human Interest Social Issues Labor Law Politics Religion Sports Disaster War Conflict Weather Secondary menu USA Canada Australia UK India South Africa New Zealand Singapore More Countries PressReleasePoint Main PressReleasePoint Main PressReleasePoint Free Submit Press Release Submit Press Release Submit Free Press Release Press Release Dos and Don'ts Press Release How To Free PR Website List PR Resources PR Articles eBooks PR Agencies Media Directory PR Videos Search PR Sites Social Book Marking Sites Press Releases All Press Release Most Viewed PR (Today) Popular PR (30 days) Popular PR (365 Days) Popular PR (All Time) PR Most Liked on FB (30 days) Popular PR on FB User Press Release Interesting Press Release Priority Release Page Our Services Submit press release 50+ free PR sites Track and Publish Press Release Distribute Press Release to Media Press Release Writing Service Free Trial: Submit to 20 PR Sites About Us PressReleasePoint Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Site Analytics and Traffic Graph Copyright Privacy Policy Contact Us Cash stashed offshore by top 50 US companies jumps to $1.6 trillion View Devel Posted April 12th, 2017 for Oxfam Printer-friendly version The 50 biggest US companies, including global brands Pfizer, Goldman Sachs, GE, Chevron, Wal-Mart, and Apple, stashed $1.6 trillion offshore in 2015 –  $200 billion more than the previous year - according to a new report by Oxfam.  The report, ‘Rigged Reform,’ reveals that big US companies are increasing their use of tax havens and boosting their investment in political lobbying in order to push for even greater tax breaks.  It warns that President Trump’s proposed tax reforms will further rig American tax laws in favor of the rich and powerful and intensify the destructive global race to the bottom on corporate tax - at the expense of poor communities in the US and around the globe. The report finds: The 50 largest US companies used a secretive network of 1751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash about $1.6 trillion offshore in 2015. The companies reported an additional 143 tax haven subsidiaries and $200 billion in offshore earnings compared to 2014. Tax reforms proposed by President Trump and leaders in Congress could give these 50 companies a windfall of between $312 and $327 billion on the profits they hold offshore, in addition to massive financial benefits resulting from a dramatic cut in corporate rates and other more favorable tax treatments. The 50 companies spent $2.5 billion lobbying the US government between 2009 and 2015. An estimated $352 million was spent lobbying on tax issues – helping to secure over $423 billion in tax breaks. Oxfam estimates that for every $1 these companies spent lobbying on tax, they received an estimated $1,200 in tax breaks. Five companies, General Electric, Verizon Communications, Comcast, AT&T and Exxon Mobil, account for approximately a quarter of all lobbying on tax by the top 50 companies. On average these 50 companies are members of at least two coalitions lobbying for more favorable tax treatment, with eight of the 50 companies being members of four or more coalitions.  Wal-Mart leads the way as a member of at least six separate coalitions seeking to influence tax policy. Robbie Silverman, Senior Advisor for Oxfam, said: “Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year. They use the same tricks and tools to cheat poor countries out of an estimated $100 billion annually.  This money could save the lives of six million children in the poorest countries, and get 124 million children into school for the first time.” ‘Rigged Reform’ highlights how President Trump’s tax reforms, which will primarily benefit the richest in society, are being paid for by cuts to programs designed to help the poorest people in the US and around the globe. This includes programs providing low-income Americans with affordable housing and job training, as well as a proposed 31 percent cut to overseas development aid at a time when 20 million children, women and men face starvation in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan and Nigeria. The proposal to cut US corporate tax rates from 35 percent to 15 percent will also feed into a destructive race the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years.   The proposed Border Adjustment Tax, which will increase taxes on imports and remove taxes on exports, is likely to harm poor consumers in the US and poor people around the world. Oxfam estimates the scheme’s impact on the value of the dollar, and the knock on affect this has on the cost of debt repayments and commodity prices, may cost poor countries more than the US currently spends on poverty focused overseas aid. Silverman said: “President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses. The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few. “The US must work with governments around the globe to stop the mutually destructive race to the bottom on corporate tax and ensure all big businesses pay their fair share,” said Silverman.    Notes to editors A copy of the briefing, ‘Rigged Reform’ is available for download Oxfam’s analysis is an update to the 2016 ‘Broken at the Top’ report.  It analyses the tax practices of the 50 largest public companies in the US between 2009-2015.  These companies were identified from the Forbes 2000 list: Allergan, Alphabet (Google), American Express, American International Group (AIG), Amgen, Apple, AT&T, Bank of America, Berkshire Hathaway, Boeing, Capital One Financial, Chevron, Cisco Systems, Citigroup, Coca-Cola, Comcast, CVS Health, Dow Chemical, Exxon Mobil, Ford Motor, General Electric, General Motors, Gilead, Goldman Sachs, Home Depot, Honeywell International, IBM, Intel, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Medtronic, Merck, MetLife, Microsoft, Mondelez, Morgan Stanley, Oracle, PepsiCo, Pfizer, Phillips 66, Procter & Gamble, Prudential Financial, United Technologies, UnitedHealth Group, US Bancorp, Verizon Communications, Walgreens, Wal-Mart, Walt Disney, and Wells Fargo.     Search PR Sites Printer-friendly version Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <a href="http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/cash-stashed-offshore-top-50-us-companies-jumps-16-trillion" class="active">Cash stashed offshore by top 50 US companies jumps to $1.6 trillion</a> Comments Post new comment Your name: * E-mail(Not Displayed): * Math test to stop spam: * 7 + 13 = Comment: * To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty. This press release is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. Read full copyright information here. Like this site on Facebook Distribute Press Release Just $15, Post your press release to list of 40+ free press release websites Effortlessly publish all your press releases with our automated pickup and submission service. Write a basic press release for $10. Search Search this site: Tags Business Finance Coca-Cola Congress Economy International taxation Non Profit Offshore finance Tax Tax Tax avoidance Tax haven Taxation in the United States UnitedHealth Group Oxford United States Nigeria Yemen South Sudan Somalia Medtronic President Economic globalization International finance Oxfam Value-added tax World economy secretive network , Johnson &Johnson Allergan Alphabet American International Group Amgen Apple AT&T Bank of America Berkshire Hathaway Boeing Capital One Financial Chevron Cisco Systems Citigroup Comcast CVS Health Dow Chemical Exxon Mobil Ford Motor General Electric General Motors Gilead Goldman Sachs Google Home Depot Honeywell International IBM Intel JPMorgan Chase Merck MetLife Microsoft Mondelez Morgan Stanley Oracle PepsiCo Pfizer Phillips 66 Procter & Gamble Prudential Financial U.S. Bancorp United Technologies Verizon Communications Wal-Mart Walgreens Walt Disney Wells Fargo America Oxfam Robbie Silverman Trump U.S. government User login Login/Register Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot userid / email id? Request new password To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty. Like & Share This Page Google Plus One Tweet Widget Forward del.icio.us Digg StumbleUpon Technorati Reddit Newsvine Diigo Page traffic Oxfam Press Release ... Cash stashed offshore by top 50 US companies jumps to $1.6 trillion Exposed: abuses of migrants by state officials on Europes borders Five million refugees: a quarter of Syrias population fled across the borders El Salvador takes historic step with national ban on mining projects Millions in Yemen are being knowingly pushed to the brink of famine UN-brokered system for Gaza reconstruction after 2014 conflict failing One month after South Sudan famine announced, its a race against the rains to save lives Oxfam demands justice for the victims of the Virgen de Asuncion Home for girls and adolescents in Guatemala Israel threatens imminent demolition of entire Palestinian community Let us be proud of Europe: more than 160 NGOs call on EU to lead by values, not fear, in migration response More Oxfam Press Release Free Press Release Distribution Website. Write Press Release. Submit Press Release. Distribute Press Release.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Adds Discount For Shopping Online, Picking Up In Store Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Adds Discount For Shopping Online, Picking Up In Store Image courtesy of Mike Mozart April 12, 2017 9:57 am EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler convenience discounts getting a few dollars off in store pickup online shopping retail walmart Shopping online and being able to pick up your purchase at the store is a minor convenience, but you still have to drive to the store, wait to be served, get your package, and drive home — and you may have paid more than you would at Amazon or some other online-only retailer. So to make this option more attractive to shoppers, Walmart.com will be discounting millions of items if you purchase them for in-store pickup. Walmart announced today that starting April 19 customers using “Pickup” will receive a discount on eligible, online-only items that are shipped to any Walmart for pick up. The discounts will initially appear on about 10,000 items and then roll out to more than one million products by the end of June. Items eligible for the discount will include a “Pickup Discount” notification on its product page on Walmart.com. The discounts range from just a few dollars to $50.   For example, a LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry comes with a discount of $2.55, a Britax B-SAFE 35 Infant Car Seat includes a $7.40 discount, while a VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70” 4K Ultra HDTV has a discount of $50. Once products are added to a shopper’s cart, they select their closest eligible store and follow the typical checkout process. In order to ensure things move smoothly with Pickup, Walmart says it will add staff to the service. Walmart says that it’s able to offer the discounts by eliminating the “last mile delivery costs” by leveraging it own fleet of trucks that carry items directly from its own fulfillment centers to stores. “This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores,” the retailer says. “So, our customers should share in those savings.” The addition of Pickup discounts is just the latest Walmart program aimed at pulling online shoppers away from rival Amazon. Last month, the company began testing in-store screens that let shoppers buy things online if they couldn’t find them while inside the big box store. In January, Walmart ditched its $50/year ShippingPass program that was intended to compete directly with Amazon Prime in favor of offering free two-day shipping on millions of products with a lower minimum purchase price. The retailer has also gobbled up a number of online retailers including Jet.com, shoe-tailer ShoeBuy, outdoor retailer Moosejaw, and indie clothing retailer ModCloth. April 12, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler convenience discounts getting a few dollars off in store pickup online shopping retail walmart Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related work perks Walmart Employees Want A Discount On More Grocery Items bopis Walmart Entices Shoppers To Try Online Grocery Pickup With Discounts more helpers on hand Walmart Tackling Long Checkout Lines This Holiday Season With Troop Of “Helpers” Don't Leave The Car Walmart Officially Launching Online Grocery Pickup With Expansion To More Cities rival deal days Walmart Crashes Amazon’s Deal-Filled Birthday Party, Announces Its Own Mega Online Sale Previous Robots Now Delivering Food For Yelp’s Eat24 Service In San Francisco Next United CEO Says Airline Won’t Use Law Enforcement Officers To Remove Passengers Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: United CEO Says Airline Won’t Use Law Enforcement Officers To Remove Passengers Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home Jobs Show All Search by category Search by employer Subscribe to Jobs eNewsletter Employers Login Post a job Price List Enewsletter Events Calendar     Add Modify Buyers Guide Magazine Current Issue Archives Subscription Advertiser Press room Contact Us BACK SEND PRINT Send Your name: Your E-Mail: You can add multiple recipients by inserting a semicolon between each e-mail Send to:   Message    Save this document Title: Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Design, Install and Operate 40 MWh of Advanced Energy Storage Systems at Select U.S. Walmart Stores    Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Design, Install and Operate 40 MWh of Advanced Energy Storage Systems at Select U.S. Walmart Stores April 12, 2017 Advanced Microgrid Solutions ("AMS") announced they would work with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to deploy AMS's Hybrid Electric Building® technology in select Walmart stores in the U.S.  Under the agreement, AMS will design, install and operate advanced energy storage systems at Walmart stores that will improve efficiency, guarantee energy savings, and provide fast, flexible grid support to local utilities, all at no upfront cost to Walmart. In the first phase of the project, AMS will install 40 megawatt hours ("MWh") of advanced energy storage systems at 27 Walmart stores in Southern California.  These energy storage systems will allow the retail giant to reduce costs by permanently reducing each store's peak electricity demand while providing dispatchable grid support to Southern California Edison ("SCE").  "Cost efficiency is the hallmark of the Walmart brand," said Mark Vanderhelm, vice president, Energy for Walmart.  "Adding energy storage capabilities to our clean energy resources reduces the capacity needed from the grid and is part of our commitment to increase reliance on renewable energy." A global leader in clean energy and efficiency, Walmart has an ambitious goal to power 50 percent of their operations with renewable energy sources by 2025 and has already installed onsite generation, including solar PV, at 350 of its stores.  Hybrid Electric Buildings® automatically and efficiently optimize a building's overall energy usage, controlling energy consumption and lowering costs, while generating revenues from utilities for grid services.  Southern California Edison, one of the largest grid operators in the U.S., will be able to tap into these advanced energy storage systems to reduce demand on the grid as part of SCE's groundbreaking grid modernization project. "When it comes to sustainable and efficient energy management, Walmart sets the global standard," said Susan Kennedy, CEO of AMS. "Walmart continues to demonstrate its visionary leadership by delivering high quality and low costs for its customers." About Advanced Microgrid Solutions | Advanced Microgrid Solutions (AMS) is pioneering the use of advanced energy storage systems for energy management and utility services. AMS designs, finances, installs and manages advanced energy management solutions for commercial, industrial and government building owners. AMS's energy storage portfolio management software provides continuously optimized resource management, cost reduction and revenue generation for large-scale energy users and utilities.  To learn more, visit www.advmicrogrid.com and follow us on twitter: @advmicrogrid. For more information: Organization: Advanced Microgrid Solutions http://www.advmicrogrid.com/ Contact: Manal Yamout AMS Tel: 415-638-6146 E-mail: manaly@advmicrogrid.com Tweet Link http://electricenergyonline.com/detail_news.php?ID=632074 BACK SEND PRINT Click here to Sign up SUBSCRIBE Most consulted news Today This Week This Month From the same organization Advanced Microgrid Solutions Advanced Microgrid Solutions and Pedernales Electric Cooperative Win $3.24 Million Department of Energy Grant to Advance Grid Integration of Solar Energy in Texas Advanced Microgrid Solutions Texas Electric Cooperatives to showcase state-of-the-art energy storage system at its Master Distribution Center Advanced Microgrid Solutions Inland Empire Utilities Agency and Advanced Microgrid Solutions Launch First-of-its-Kind Energy Storage Project Contact us Jaguar Expo Inc 834 Montée Masson Terrebonne (Quebec) J6W 2C6 Tel.: 450-471-0796 Toll free: 888-332-3749 Fax: 450-471-5443 . 888-243-4562 info@electricenergyonline.com electricenergyonline.com   Press »Send us a press release »RSS All news General Automation/IT T&D Renewable Energy Energy Efficiency Generation Mergers & Acquisition Appointments etc... Financial Oil & Gas   Jobs »Post or modify a job »View jobs   Events »View calendar »Post an event   Subscription »Create your user account and receive enewsletter »Receive JOBS Enewsletter »Unsubscribe   News »General »Automation and IT »T&D »Renewable Energy »Generation »Mergers & Acquisitions »Appointments etc... »Financial »Oil & Gas   Magazine »Current Issue »Archives © 2017, Jaguar Media inc. All rights reserved. 1996-2017 IMPORTANT MESSAGE Your web browser does not have cookies enabled. Before logging in, you must MUST enable this function. Click on the following link " Activating Cookies".
Home Business News Features Installations News Features Research Case Studies and Solar Solutions Politics & Policy News Features Videos Products Events Trade Shows & Conferences Classes Workshops & Webinars Advertising About Us Our Team Editorial Calendar Write for us Solar Flares Newsletter Terms and Conditions Solar Power Plants Solar Thermal Concentrating Solar Manufacturing PV Cells and Modules Energy Storage Power Electronics Balance of System Click Here Solar Novus Blog 25 Jan Solar Decathlon Launches Innovative Entrepreneurs 22 Nov Donald Trump and the Solar Industry 31 Oct 6 US Cities Where Solar Installers Can Thrive 14 Sep Is Tesla Right to Buy SolarCity? 13 Sep Solar Power International 2016: Opening day 07 Sep Urgent Letter to the Solar Industry & Our Customers 26 Aug Growing PV Pipelines Across Europe Await Policy Support 25 Jul Tesla’s Getting a Great Deal on SolarCity 06 Jul Solar’s Next Challenge? Riding Out the Turbulence 04 Jul Women in STEM: An insider’s perspective 23 Jun Which Countries are Leading the Way in Renewable Energy? 22 Jun Top Innovations in Energy Storage 16 May Community Solar's Big Breakout Year 25 Apr A New SunEdison Looms on the Horizon Read More Case Studies and Solutions Uganda to Tap Into Mini-grid Potential Sailing Away with Lightweight, Flexible Solar Going Solar in New Jersey Five Solar Hybrid Microgrids in Colombia Ham Radio Powered by Solar + Storage Installing Solar PV in Harsh Environments Off-Grid Solar Installation at a California Botanical Garden BIPV Solar Installation on a University High-Rise Ground-Mount Solar PV Farm in Southern Poland Solar Garage Canopy with EV Charging Barn-Raising Solar Installation at Windblown Ski Area Kosovo Launches its First Solar Power Plant Solar Decathlon 2015: Sustainable home competition 2.4MW Solar Installation on the Anaheim Convention Center Integrating Solar Monitoring with Renewable Energy Education Read More Videos Schneider Electric Conext XW Hybrid Inverter More Solar Research Solar-Powered Skin for Prosthetics Molecular Solar Thermal System Delivers Solar Energy on Demand Raman Mapping Analysis to Improve CZTS Solar Cells Cheap Solar-Powered Water Purifier Made With Carbon-Coated Paper Surface Recombination in Perovskite Solar Cells Less Toxic Organic Photovoltaic Materials Delaminating Thin-Film Photovoltaics for Lighter Packaging Near-Infrared-to-Visible Emitters Boost Solar Efficiency Implanted Solar Cells May Power Pacemakers, Brain Stimulators and More Degradation in MAPbI3 Perovskites: Moving on Organic Solar Cells: Understanding microstructure of PV materials GRIN Structures May Route and Concentrate Light Technion Improves Solar Cell Efficiency by Nearly 70% Large Solar Power Plants Increase Local Temperatures Read More Installations Home » Installations  » News Wal-Mart Stores to Deploy Hybrid Electric Building Technology Published on 12 April 2017 Advanced Microgrid Solutions will work with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to deploy AMS's Hybrid Electric Building technology in select Walmart stores in the US.  Under the agreement, AMS will design, install and operate advanced energy storage systems at Walmart stores that will improve efficiency, guarantee energy savings, and provide fast, flexible grid support to local utilities, all at no upfront cost to Walmart. In the first phase of the project, AMS will install 40 megawatt hours of advanced energy storage systems at 27 Walmart stores in Southern California. These energy storage systems will allow the retail giant to reduce costs by permanently reducing each store's peak electricity demand while providing dispatchable grid support to Southern California Edison.  Walmart has an ambitious goal to power 50 percent of their operations with renewable energy sources by 2025 and has already installed onsite generation, including solar PV, at 350 of its stores.  Hybrid Electric Buildings automatically and efficiently optimize a building's overall energy usage, controlling energy consumption and lowering costs, while generating revenues from utilities for grid services.  Southern California Edison, one of the largest grid operators in the US, will be able to tap into these advanced energy storage systems to reduce demand on the grid as part of SCE's groundbreaking grid modernization project. Labels: Advanced Microgrid Solutions,Wal-Mart,energy storage,energy efficiency,hybrid system Back to News   Innovative Solar Products Trina Solar Launches Duomax Twin, Bifacial Solar Module Trina Solar Limited launched its high-efficiency bifacial... Read More SNEC 2017: Singulus system for production of heterojunction solar... Singulus Technologies is introducing a completely new designed... Read More Tigo Introduces Optimizers with UHD-Core Technology Tigo, pioneer of the smart modular Flex MLPE platform, today... Read More PV Expo 2017: DuPont Solamet metallization pastes DuPont Photovoltaic Solutions introduced new innovations for its... Read More Solectria Rapid Shutdown Solution for Three-Phase String Inverters Yaskawa - Solectria Solar, a commercial PV inverter manufacturer,... Read More MJP International Rolls Out New Solar Products MJP International has begun selling several new products to capture... Read More CES 2017: Heliatek exhibits building integrated PV Heliatek is expanding its global presence in exhibiting at two major... Read More SolarEdge Power Optimizer P800 The SolarEdge P800 commercial power optimizer enables installers to connect two modules to one... Read More Software Analyzes Power Losses in the Production of Solar Modules Research and industry invest lots of know-how in improving solar... Read More Solar-Log in Combination with Building Automation Systems The Solar-Log's Modbus TCP interface allows you to link... Read More NEXTracker Launches Solar Tracker Plus Storage Solution NEXTracker, a Flex company, announced today it has... Read More Sungrow Showcases Inverters at Solar & Off-Grid Renewables Sungrow, a PV inverter manufacturer, showcased its SG60KTL and... Read More Most Popular on Solar Novus California Solar Power Drops Electricity Prices Below $0 Total Corporate Funding in Solar Sector Rises to $3.2 Billion in Q1 2017 Five-Year Payback for 500kW Rooftop Solar in Italy Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Conference This Week in Freiburg Costs and Challenges of Residential Solar + Energy Storage Schneider Electric Completes Microgrid at Boston One Campus Distributed Solar + Storage Market to Reach Nearly $50 Billion by 2026 Off-grid Power Conference at Intersolar Europe 2017 Solar Frontier Americas Completes Sale of 40MW Solar Power Project to Dominion Intersolar Europe 2017: Large-scale PV plants, opportunities & challenges Four Key Questions About Solar in the US Yaskawa Solectria Solar Three-Phase String Inverters Compatible with Tigo Imec and Solliance Perovskite PV Modules Achieve 12.4% Eight PV Design Solutions Wal-Mart Stores to Deploy Hybrid Electric Building Technology Latest Trade Show News Intersolar Europe 2017: Large-scale PV plants, opportunities & challenges Trina Solar Launches Duomax Twin, Bifacial Solar Module SNEC 2017: Singulus system for production of heterojunction solar cells Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic Conference This Week in Freiburg OutBack Power Energy Express Roadshow Rolls into NABCEP Sungrow Energy Storage Solutions Showcased at Energy Storage Europe CALSEIA, Intersolar and SEMI to Host Summerfest at AT&T Park PV Expo 2017: DuPont Solamet metallization pastes PV Expo 2017: KACO presents 20 and 50 kilowatt string inverters NABCEP Announces Pre-Conference Keynote Speaker PV Expo 2017: REFU Elektronik presents new 22K string inverter ees Europe 2017: Energy storage in the automotive industry Solar PV Expo Japan: Solarig solar construction and O&M Intersolar Summit USA East, March in Brooklyn Intersolar Europe 2017: Close collaboration between France and Germany TOP www.novuslight.com www.novusbuyersguide.com Business News Features Installations News Features Research Case Studies and Solar Solutions Politics & Policy News Features Videos Events Trade Shows & Conferences Classes Workshops & Webinars Technologies Solar Power Plants Solar Thermal Concentrating Solar Manufacturing PV Cells and Modules Energy Storage Power Electronics Balance of System Copyright © 2017 Novus Media Today Group, LLC. All rights reserved. Website design and build by MM Design.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: The Next Stock Warren Buffett Might Sell There are some great companies in the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio, but the next ones to get cut could be Monsanto, Axalta Coatings, and Wal-Mart. Tyler Crowe, Rich Duprey, and Daniel Miller (TMFDirtyBird) Apr 12, 2017 at 9:23AM Warren Buffett is well known for having a penchant for buying and holding stocks over a long time. It was Buffett who said that his favorite holding period is forever. That said, both he and his lieutenants at Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) aren't completely averse to selling stocks when their investment thesis doesn't hold up.  Since the Berkshire portfolio is typically a place where investors get ideas for their next stocks to buy, we asked three of our contributors to highlight a stock in the Berkshire Hathaway universe that might be the next stock it sells. Here's why they think Monsanto (NYSE:MON), Axalta Coating Systems (NYSE:AXTA), and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) might be next on the chopping block. Image source: Getty Images. A short honeymoon Tyler Crowe (Monsanto): If it were any other time, Monsanto would be the kind of stock Buffett would like to hold on to for a long time. While agriculture is a cyclical industry, it is a business that is hard to disrupt, fills an essential need, and requires constant improvement as arable land continues to decline globally. Monsanto's seeds business and its new climate-modeling developments play a critical role in increasing yields, meaning farmers get more bang for their buck. That value proposition for farmers is what makes the company so profitable. For more than a decade, Monsanto has produced remarkable returns on equity. MON Return on Equity (TTM) data by YCharts. The thing that makes this situation unique, though, is that German company Bayer has offered to acquire Monsanto. The deal from Bayer is an all-cash offer. So, even those owners of Monsanto's stock today won't see their positions roll over into the combined company.  Berkshire Hathaway did just pick up shares back in the fourth quarter of 2016, well after the Bayer announcement. At the time the investment was made, though, shares of Monsanto were selling well below the $128-per-share cash offer on the table. It would seem that, if this deal were to go through, Berkshire's purchase was a short-term one poised to take advantage of the market mispricing an asset. If the Bayer-Monsanto deal does fall through, perhaps this will be a stock Buffett hangs on to. After all, Bayer will have to pay a $2 billion break-up fee to Monsanto if the acquisition doesn't close. So, either Buffett is sitting on a stock that will pay a decent cash premium once it gets bought or he hangs on to a company with a decent injection of cash and a strong pipeline of products feeding a must-have industry. Sounds like a win-win situation for Berkshire.  Death by driverless cars Daniel Miller (Axalta Coating Systems): When investors think of a typical stock Warren Buffett would buy, some of the factors that come to mind are consistent revenue growth, competitive advantages, and long-term catalysts. While it's tough to pick a bad stock within Buffett's portfolio, Axalta Coating Systems fails to achieve many of the aforementioned factors. Axalta is a coatings and finishing manufacturer focused on the automotive industry. The company provides a range of performance and transportation coatings for manufacturers of light and commercial vehicles and for collision repairs. The problem, though, is that the company's refinishing business -- which generates roughly 60% of its profits -- could be facing major risks over the long term. If we've learned anything in the automotive industry within the past 18 months, it's that autonomous vehicles are coming as fast as technology allows, with the futuristic goal of making car collisions, and thus Axalta's refinishing business, a thing of the past. That's just the long-term headwind, and unlike most companies that can boast of global growth stories through emerging markets, it's the opposite with Axalta, because as emerging markets become more developed, collision rates decline. On the other side of Axalta's business, supplying coatings for automakers' new light vehicles, the automakers have leverage with massive fleet sizes, which could pressure margins both sooner and later. Already, there are instances of automakers splitting what typically takes four coatings between multiple suppliers to drive prices lower and encourage competition. As you can see in the chart below, Axalta is far from a thriving growth story, and it faces serious secular headwinds over the long term -- this might be a stock Buffett soon decides isn't living up to his standards. AXTA data by YCharts. Imposing online competitive hurdles Rich Duprey (Wal-Mart): Maybe it's too easy to pick Wal-Mart since Warren Buffett is already selling down his stake, but with almost 1.4 million shares left in his portfolio valued at around $100 million, it might make sense for him to completely jettison the whole thing. Wal-Mart has performed appreciably better even as the Oracle was selling down his holdings, going from 13 million shares at the previous report to the current level (Buffett had amassed over 60 million shares back in 2014, but he's been selling it down ever since). In its last financial report, Wal-Mart beat analyst earnings expectations by a penny but fell short on revenue thanks to food price deflation and foreign currency exchange rates. Its e-commerce business also showed marked improvement, with sales rising 29%, but it's had to spend heavily on making acquisitions, such as its $3 billion purchase of Jet.com, to make a dent. And Amazon.com is still the heavyweight in this business. That's likely why Wal-Mart decided to eliminate shipping fees on orders over $35, down from $50. It is trying to compete more directly with the e-commerce king, but the moves are going to come at a cost to margins. It's not going to get any easier going forward, and it will only become more cutthroat as the two compete in more and more arenas. The e-tailer's new Amazon Cash program, allowing those without a bank card to use cash to shop on its site, is yet another assault on Wal-Mart's dominance. When it comes down to it, the Wal-Mart holding won't make a big difference in Buffett's porfolio one way or the other since it's gotten so small, but since it has diminished so much that it now comprises just 0.06% of the total, there doesn't seem to be much reason to hold on to the remainder. Daniel Miller has no position in any stocks mentioned. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. Tyler Crowe owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Tyler Crowe, Rich Duprey, and Daniel Miller (TMFDirtyBird) Columnist for fool.com. Follow @TylerCroweFool Article Info Apr 12, 2017 at 9:23AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $247,930.00 down $-671.00 (-0.27%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $165.11 down $0.59 (-0.36%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.44 up $0.01 (0.01%) Monsanto NYSE:MON $116.27 up $0.27 (0.23%) Axalta Coating Systems NYSE:AXTA $31.29 down $0.37 (-1.17%) Read More Billionaires Are Dumping These 5 Stocks. Should You? 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy in February 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy in June Billionaires Are Dumping These 3 Stocks. Should You? 3 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Selling 3 Dividend Aristocrats We Refuse to Buy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Next Stock Warren Buffett Might Sell @themotleyfool #stocks $BRK-A, $BRK-B, $WMT, $MON, $AXTA
Trending: Undervalued Stocks Video Games Infographics Dividends Famous Investors Green Ideas List Categories All Analysis & Opinions Hedge Funds Lists In The News Stock Picks & Lists Tech Lists Infographics Whats Hot Popular Articles These 3 Companies Captured 84% Of American Business Last Year The Morning Hype: Internet Leaders Try to Save Net Neutrality, Yahoo Sued for Mishandling Funds, and Earnings Season is Upon Us What Makes Mylan's Newest EpiPen Lawsuit Different? My Portfolio   HOME > Investment Ideas > In The News The Morning Hype: Internet Leaders Try to Save Net Neutrality, Yahoo Sued for Mishandling Funds, and Earnings Season is Upon Us Posted:04/12/17 By:Dania Duran Comments(0) | Add a comment Research  these Stocks on Kapitall’s Playground Now   research now   Walmart to Discount 1MN Online Items, if You Pick Them Up in Stores (via Bloomberg) Tillerson Gets Chilly Reception in Moscow (via Reuters) Earnings Season Begins, with JP Morgan Today (via MarketWatch) Are Chromebooks Saving the PC Market? (via The Verge) Star Wars Battlefront II Trailer Leaks, and There's Space Combat (via Gizmodo) After the Stock Drops 3%, United CEO Finally Releases an Actual Apology A Little Too Late (via Fortune) Yahoo Sued for Mishandling Humanitarian Funds (via Forbes) Trump Models is No More (via Gothamist) Uber's Head of Communications is Leaving (via Recode) Internet Leaders Like Google Ask FCC to Leave Net Neutrality Alone (via Mashable) Delta's Profit Drops 36% (via Business Insider)   ABOUT US © New Kapitall Holdings LLC. All rights reserved. Kapitall Wire is a division of New Kapitall Holdings LLC. Kapitall Generation, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of New Kapitall Holdings LLC. Kapitall Wire offers free cutting edge investing ideas, intended for educational information purposes only. It should not be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by New Kapitall Holdings, and its affiliate companies. Securities products and services are offered by Kapitall Generation, LLC – a FINRA/SIPC member. For more information, see full disclosures and fees.  Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website most recent most read These 3 Companies Captured 84% Of American Business Last Year Posted 04/12/17 The Morning Hype: Internet Leaders Try to Save Net Neutrality, Yahoo Sued for Mishandling Funds, and Earnings Season is Upon Us Posted 04/12/17 What Makes Mylan's Newest EpiPen Lawsuit Different? Posted 04/11/17 The Morning Hype: North Korea Threatens to Strike U.S, Bandai Brings Back the Tamagotchi, and Tesla is the Best Automaker in the U.S Posted 04/11/17 FDA Warns Of Dangerous Hidden Ingredient In 5 OTC Male Sexual Enhancement Supplements Posted 04/10/17 The Morning Hype: The Federal Government Needs to Work Out a Budget, Credit Card Debt Hits $1 Trillion, and Disney Files Patent for Humanoid Robots Posted 04/10/17 Retail Exec Says Retailers Are Using Amazon As A 'Convenient Scapegoat' Posted 04/07/17 The Morning Hype: Twitter Sues Trump, Adidas Will 3-D Print Sneakers, and a U.S/Canada/Mexico World Cup Posted 04/07/17 Taser Offers One-Year Free Body-Cam Trial To Every Police Officer In America Posted 04/06/17 next prev Windows Solitaire Makes Surprise Appearance In Video Game Hall Of Fame Finals Posted 03/30/17 The Morning Hype: North Carolina Rescinds Bathroom Bill, Trade Executive Orders, and Medical Drones Posted 03/31/17 Recode: Pandora's 'Days Seem Numbered' And This Is Bad For The Music industry Posted 03/31/17 The Morning Hype: Travel Ban Block Extended, NASA Can't Hire Anyone, and Your Internet Privacy Posted 03/30/17 Domino's Not Interested In Panera Posted 04/04/17 The Morning Hype: 7-11 is Buying Sunoco, Australia is Suing Apple, and the Senate is Trying to Get Rid of the Filibuster Posted 04/06/17 More Trouble Ahead: What You Should Know About The CBO Report Posted 04/03/17 Brexit's Biggest Loser Won't Be Britain Posted 04/05/17 Taser Offers One-Year Free Body-Cam Trial To Every Police Officer In America Posted 04/06/17 next prev Most Popular Infographics A Savvy Investor's Guide to New Year's Resolutions Posted 12/30/13 Infographic: Thanksgiving Investing Ideas for Black Friday and Cyber Monday Posted 11/25/13 Infographic: Next Gen Gaming with New Xbox One and PS4 Consoles Posted 11/11/13 Infographic: OktoberFest's Staggering Stats Posted 10/09/13 Infographic: Solar Industry Shines Bright Posted 04/17/13 Infographic: 5 Digital Trends in Manufacturing Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Gun Business Under Fire Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Decline of Big Beer and the Rise of Craft Brews Posted 02/01/13 Infographic: Despite Low Ticket Sales the Silver Screen is Going Strong Posted 01/25/13 next prev Kapitall’s Top Lists Today's Top Gainers View & Trade This List ► Solar Stocks View & Trade This List ► Cloud Computing View & Trade This List ► Mobile Web Stocks View & Trade This List ► High Dividend View & Trade This List ►   Backstage become a fan follow us   ABOUT KAPITALL WIRE Kapitall Wire, which is not a broker/dealer, offers free cutting edge investing ideas, lively commentary and timely analysis of companies enhanced by interactive tools. The site's content is intended for educational information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by New Kapitall Holdings, LLC., and its affiliate companies. Kapitall Wire is brought to you by Kapitall, a revolutionary investing platform that makes it as easy as drag and drop to trade stocks. Investment Ideas Infographics Kapitall Wire Team Join Now Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Walmart.com Lowers Prices of a Million Items When Customers Pick Up at Stores By Douglas A. McIntyre April 12, 2017 6:35 am EDT Print Email Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) has created a new way for customers to save money. People who order any of over a million products at Walmart.com can receive a discount if they pick up the items at Wal-Mart locations. The new program is called “Pick Up Discount” and will cover about 10,000 items at first. The program begins April 19. Wal-Mart said the plan would expand to more than a million items by the end of June. In a note to the press, Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore said: We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pick up and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership. The Walmart membership plan was aimed at Amazon.com Inc.’s (NASDAQ: AMZN) Prime service. It was called Shipping Pass. Wal-Mart killed the plan in January, but it continued to have some members. Wal-Mart also said one of the reasons for the new Pick Up Discount was because of lessons learned from a company it recently purchased: With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Walmart’s operational efficiency to bring price transparency to life at Walmart.com. Wal-Mart bought the fast growing Jet e-commerce business in August for $3.3 billion. Lore was the CEO of Jet before the transaction. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Lenovo, HP Control Q1 Global PC Sales America’s Highest Paying Companies » Read more: Retail, Corporate Performance, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 32 Huge Brands Pulling Ads From 'The O'Reilly Factor' States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year America's Highest Paying Companies The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Wednesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Cenovus  Energy, DryShips Dip into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, Caterpillar Sink DJIA on Wednesday The Fastest Growing City in Each State Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Here's Exactly How Much a Bad Credit Score Will Cost Homebuyers The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Media 3 Credit Score Mistakes That Could Tank Your Chance of Landing the Best Mortgage Rate Aviation police officers are second and third disciplined over United incident Chicago Aviation Department puts two additional officers on leave Berkshire to sell more Wells Fargo shares in 'near future' Today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Breakout Charts PayPal vs. Visa: Which Mobile Payment Stock Should You Buy? Bristol-Myers (BMY) Collaborates with Apexigen for Opdivo Trump comments, North Korea fears sink dollar, bond yields Trump won't rule out second Yellen term, signaling drift to the mainstream Self-driving 'arms race' complicates supplier alliances Burger King Debuts Whopper Ad That Triggers Google Home Devices China Trade Surplus With U.S. Rises to $17.74B Oil Eases for 2nd Day on Rising U.S. Production This GOP Lawmaker Was Just Booed For His Bizarre Planned Parenthood Proposal Trump Calls United's Handling Of Dragged Passenger 'Horrible' The One Thing Khloe Kardashian's Denim Line Gets Absolutely Right Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say 4/12 The cloud boom is still raining money on optical-networking companies 4/12 Trump aims to squeeze Democrats into health-care negotiations 4/12 Yext IPO prices at $11, stock set to trade Thursday Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart to offer discounts for online orders collected at stores By Sarah Nassauer Published: Apr 12, 2017 7:35 a.m. ET Share Retailer steps up battle with Amazon Bloomberg By SarahNassauer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. wants to make its brick-and-mortar stores a stronger asset as it battles with Amazon.com Inc. online. The Bentonville, Ark., retailer WMT, +0.01%  plans next week to offer discounts on some online orders when customers opt for in-store pickup instead of home delivery, a pricing structure it says passes on the shipping costs it saves. The discounts will be available on items that are only sold online, initially about 10,000 products, like bulky car seats, that are expensive to ship to homes, said Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce division. It is the latest sign that Wal-Mart, the second-largest online retailer in the U.S. by traffic, is working to compete more aggressively with Amazon AMZN, -0.68%   for shoppers, after years of sluggish online sales growth. The system resembles a “smart basket” feature on discount online retailer Jet.com Inc., the website founded by Lore that Wal-Mart bought for $3.3 billion last year. The smart basket lets shoppers choose to forgo returns, pay with a debit card and other options that lower the price of the purchase. Amazon is on a roll(0:40) Shares are up 50% over the past year with no signs of stopping. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ.com: Sean Spicer apologizes for comments about Assad’s chemical-weapons atrocities United CEO apologizes to passenger pulled from plane More from MarketWatch Housing Prices Soar in Millennial Cities Stock market will be stuck in ‘purgatory’ until this happens How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office Quote References WMT +0.01 +0.01% AMZN -6.13 -0.68% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.44 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 6.4M Open $73.55 High $73.83 Low $73.25 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 222.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $896.23 -6.13 (-0.68%) Volume 2.4M Open $903.09 High $904.09 Low $895.25 P/E Ratio 182.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 430.6B
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say 4/12 The cloud boom is still raining money on optical-networking companies 4/12 Trump aims to squeeze Democrats into health-care negotiations 4/12 Yext IPO prices at $11, stock set to trade Thursday Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart to offer discounts for online orders collected at stores By Sarah Nassauer Published: Apr 12, 2017 7:35 a.m. ET Share Retailer steps up battle with Amazon Bloomberg By SarahNassauer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. wants to make its brick-and-mortar stores a stronger asset as it battles with Amazon.com Inc. online. The Bentonville, Ark., retailer WMT, +0.01%  plans next week to offer discounts on some online orders when customers opt for in-store pickup instead of home delivery, a pricing structure it says passes on the shipping costs it saves. The discounts will be available on items that are only sold online, initially about 10,000 products, like bulky car seats, that are expensive to ship to homes, said Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce division. It is the latest sign that Wal-Mart, the second-largest online retailer in the U.S. by traffic, is working to compete more aggressively with Amazon AMZN, -0.68%   for shoppers, after years of sluggish online sales growth. The system resembles a “smart basket” feature on discount online retailer Jet.com Inc., the website founded by Lore that Wal-Mart bought for $3.3 billion last year. The smart basket lets shoppers choose to forgo returns, pay with a debit card and other options that lower the price of the purchase. Amazon is on a roll(0:40) Shares are up 50% over the past year with no signs of stopping. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ.com: Sean Spicer apologizes for comments about Assad’s chemical-weapons atrocities United CEO apologizes to passenger pulled from plane More from MarketWatch Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River Thyroid Cancer: Link to Household Products? Quote References WMT +0.01 +0.01% AMZN -6.13 -0.68% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.44 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 6.4M Open $73.55 High $73.83 Low $73.25 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 222.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $896.23 -6.13 (-0.68%) Volume 2.4M Open $903.09 High $904.09 Low $895.25 P/E Ratio 182.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 430.6B
Latest News Dow 20,592 -59.44 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,836 -30.61 -0.52% S&P 500 2,345 -8.85 -0.38% 2:41 A.M. ET Royal Mail sets date to stop pension plan payment 2:39 A.M. ET Rio Tinto coal sale gets green light in Australia 2:23 A.M. ET Updated When are European stock markets closed for Easter? 2:12 A.M. ET Fortescue iron-ore shipments fall for quarter 2:07 A.M. ET Infosys warns on revenue growth amid H-1B scrutiny 2:06 A.M. ET China exports rise 16.4%; trade surplus returns 4/12 China returns to trade surplus 4/12 Singapore GDP shrinks, central bank not worried 4/12 Nikkei slumps amid dollar selloff in Asia 4/12 Brazil slashes Selic rate by full percentage point 4/12 China's exports leap 14.8% in Q1 4/12 Clever Burger King ad attempts to hijack Google Home devices 4/12 Pioneering New York judge’s body found in Hudson River 4/12 Berkshire appears likely to back Wells Fargo directors 4/12 Can Airlines Legally Kick Passengers Off Flights? 4/12 Spring Cleaning for Your Finances 4/12 Uber anticipated lawsuit over ex-Google exec immediately, lawyers say 4/12 The cloud boom is still raining money on optical-networking companies 4/12 Trump aims to squeeze Democrats into health-care negotiations 4/12 Yext IPO prices at $11, stock set to trade Thursday Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart to offer discounts for online orders collected at stores By Sarah Nassauer Published: Apr 12, 2017 7:35 a.m. ET Share Retailer steps up battle with Amazon Bloomberg By SarahNassauer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. wants to make its brick-and-mortar stores a stronger asset as it battles with Amazon.com Inc. online. The Bentonville, Ark., retailer WMT, +0.01%  plans next week to offer discounts on some online orders when customers opt for in-store pickup instead of home delivery, a pricing structure it says passes on the shipping costs it saves. The discounts will be available on items that are only sold online, initially about 10,000 products, like bulky car seats, that are expensive to ship to homes, said Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce division. It is the latest sign that Wal-Mart, the second-largest online retailer in the U.S. by traffic, is working to compete more aggressively with Amazon AMZN, -0.68%   for shoppers, after years of sluggish online sales growth. The system resembles a “smart basket” feature on discount online retailer Jet.com Inc., the website founded by Lore that Wal-Mart bought for $3.3 billion last year. The smart basket lets shoppers choose to forgo returns, pay with a debit card and other options that lower the price of the purchase. Amazon is on a roll(0:40) Shares are up 50% over the past year with no signs of stopping. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ.com: Sean Spicer apologizes for comments about Assad’s chemical-weapons atrocities United CEO apologizes to passenger pulled from plane More from MarketWatch Does Trump Want Regime Change in Syria? How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office Beware Fake Amazon Deals: Hackers Hit Sellers Quote References WMT +0.01 +0.01% AMZN -6.13 -0.68% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap No one is noticing this big red flag for the stock market Why most renters don’t want to buy homes right now Tesla Model S sells faster as used car — and for more money — than peers do, study finds How self-driving cars will take over more than just the driving MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.44 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 6.4M Open $73.55 High $73.83 Low $73.25 P/E Ratio 16.73 Div Yield 2.78 Market Cap 222.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $896.23 -6.13 (-0.68%) Volume 2.4M Open $903.09 High $904.09 Low $895.25 P/E Ratio 182.74 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 430.6B
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 21 °C 13 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 23 °C 15 °C Pretoria, South Africa 16 °C 11 °C Cape Town, South Africa 33 °C 17 °C Durban, South Africa 31 °C 17 °C Mbombela, South Africa 19 °C 9 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 29 °C 16 °C Polokwane, South Africa 19 °C 11 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 22 °C 12 °C East London, South Africa 24 °C 8 °C Upington, South Africa 19 °C 13 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Blog LIVE BLOG: Bus drivers down tools Video People's Bae Ndlozi shows his vocal chords can outdo the President Story Cartoon gang rape was a metaphor - Zapiro Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! US corporates stash $1,6-trillion in tax havens: Oxfam Money Wednesday 12 April 2017 - 6:58am File: US firms are parking more than $1,6-trillion overseas to avoid tax. Photo: Flickr WASHINGTON – The 50 largest US companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about $1,6-trillion (R22,1-trillion) in offshore tax havens to reduce their US tax burden, according to a study published on Wednesday. Poverty-fighting organisation Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a $200-billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies' own data. While not illegal, the companies "used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash" their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. "Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135bn in unpaid tax revenues every year," Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200bnn in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories ($193,6bn) and Microsoft's IT group ($124bn), the report said. US law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialised world. READ: Most companies working with World Bank in Africa use tax havens: report While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35 percent at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, US President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15 percent, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10 percent. Oxfam criticised both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programmes. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will "feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years," the report said. Meanwhile, "repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes" and "incentivises companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut". "President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses," Silverman said. "The president and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few." AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES 'Safe haven' Bitcoin retreats after shot at all-time high 05 January 2017 But still, Bitcoin now has a total market capitalisation of more than $18 billion -- far more than rival so-called "crypto-currencies". Most companies working with World Bank in Africa use tax havens: report 12 April 2016 Oxfam says 51 of the 68 companies that receive funds from the IFC for sub-Saharan Africa use havens. France misguided in Panama as tax haven appointment 09 April 2016 The decision by France to appoint Panama as a tax haven deemed wrong by Panamanian President. Trending 1Ontlametse Phalatse has died 2Rand strengthens as seven parties unite against Zuma 3Zuma says he will go, only if the ANC asks 4Gang rape metaphor outrage 5DA charges Helen Zille over tweets on colonialism Full coverage Super Rugby Stormers, Lions battle for SA supremacy Anti-Zuma protest action ANC military veterans and the threat to South Africa's democracy Boko Haram Shocking that Chibok girls still not free: UN experts Water watch Nelson Mandela Bay water situation is a 'crisis': mayor View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.5043 0.1332 GB Pound 16.9584 0.0834 Euro 14.4041 0.0578 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 55.62 -1.19 Gold $ 1284.42 0.69 Platinum $ 974 0.83 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 46747.19 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 53551.3 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 33834.08 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON 24h Live Stream DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports All-America Economic Survey My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart will pay you to go into its stores ... sort of Wal-mart will give customers a discount on 10,000 online-only items if they pick them up in-store. Price cuts will vary depending on the product's size, cost and category. The retailer will use the technology pioneered by Jet.com. Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 12:01 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Wal-Mart is going to start offering discounts on in-store pick ups    17 Hours Ago | 00:51 For Wal-Mart shoppers, it will soon pay to go to the store. Starting next Wednesday, the world's largest retailer will give customers a discount on 10,000 online-only items if they pick them up in-store. By the end of June, the service will be rolled out across more than 1 million items. Price cuts will vary depending on the product's size, cost and category, Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, told CNBC. "The point is that it's meant to be equivalent to what the last-mile delivery costs are," Lore said. Last-mile delivery refers to the final step of the shipping process before it arrives on a customer's doorstep. It is the most expensive aspect of filling online orders, sometimes exceeding 50 percent of an item's total delivery cost, according to McKinsey & Company. The retailer will use the technology pioneered by Jet.com, the website Lore founded and sold to Wal-Mart last year, to calculate the savings. Eligible items will be noted on the company's website and will not include third-party products sold on the marketplace. Orders will be filled within two days. Wal-Mart shoppers will snag a bigger discount on inexpensive but heavy items, which are costlier to ship than small products that carry a high price tag, Lore said. Aside from the cost savings, getting shoppers to pick up an order in-store boosts foot traffic — and gives retailers a second chance to make a sale. Though Wal-Mart does not provide specifics on those trends, Target has said that one-third of its shoppers who pick up online orders in store buy additional merchandise when they arrive. Wal-Mart has beefed up the staffing at its pickup desks to handle the uptick in volume. It is also testing a high-tech vending machine where shoppers scan a barcode and have their items spit out in less than a minute. Wal-Mart's in-store pickup deal is just the latest way Lore has modernized the retailer's online business since he arrived last year. In January, the company reduced its free shipping threshold from $50 to $35 and shortened its delivery window to two days. That compares with its previous three- to five-day promise. The discounter has meanwhile taken steps to fuse its online technology with shoppers' store visits. They include rolling out a service that allows Walmart.com shoppers to schedule a pickup time to have their groceries loaded into their cars. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart has snatched up niche retailers ModCloth, Moosejaw and Shoebuy. These acquisitions will help Wal-Mart bring unique, higher-margin products to its assortment and build its expertise in specialty categories, Lore said at the Shoptalk conference in Las Vegas last month. At that same conference, Wal-Mart announced an innovation hub called Store No 8 that will invest in future retail technologies. So far the company's work is paying off. Wal-Mart's domestic online sales rose 29 percent last quarter and it's seen an uptick since changing its free shipping policies. Still, it has a lot of work to do if it wants to catch up with Amazon — something Lore told Shoptalk attendees his company aims to do. "Win means win," he said in Vegas. "It's not going to happen in 12 months, but win means win." Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Wed, Apr 12 2017. 11 50 AM IST Wal-Mart to discount 1 million online items picked up in stores The Pickup Discount program, which starts on 19 April with 10,000 web-only items such as Britax car seats and Lego toys will expand to over a million items by June-end Subscribe to our newsletter. Matthew Boyle The move is part of an effort by the world’s largest retailer to challenge Amazon.com Inc. Photo: Bloomberg. London: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will offer discounts on more than a million online-only items that customers then pick up at stores, part of an effort by the world’s largest retailer to challenge Amazon.com Inc. Taking another page from the Jet.com business it bought last year, Wal-Mart will first cut prices on about 10,000 web-only items such as Britax car seats and Lego toys, according to a statement. The Pickup Discount program, which starts on 19 April, will expand to more than a million so-called “long tail” items by the end of June, the company said. “With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Wal-Mart’s operational efficiency,” Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart’s e-commerce business, said in the statement, referring to the business model he pioneered at Jet where customers got discounts for agreeing to package items together, or forgo returns. “Quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings.” The move is Lore’s latest step to check Amazon’s growing online dominance, and shows how he’s keen to meld Jet’s innovations with Wal-Mart’s 4,700-store network. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart scrapped a free-shipping program that competed with Amazon’s Prime membership and replaced it with free two-day deliveries for orders of at least $35. Amazon will control half of the US e-commerce market by 2021, according to analysts at Needham & Co. They estimate that the online giant currently commands 34%, compared with Wal-Mart’s less than 5%. Delivery savings The discounts vary by item and reflect the savings to Wal-Mart for shipping the orders to its stores on one of its more than 6,700 trucks, rather than to a customer’s house. The $148.05 Britax B-Safe 35 infant car seat is reduced by 5% to $140.65, while the Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry is discounted 11% to $21.44. Other products in the program are Coleman coolers and Vizio televisions. In an interview, Lore called the program a “game-changer” and said the level of discounts could be adjusted going forward. “Part of the reason why we are launching 10,000 products to start and growing it over time is that we want to perfect that discount,” he said. The term “long-tail” refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical retailers to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. A typical Wal-Mart supercenter offers about 120,000 items, while its website currently has 35 million products available. Wal-Mart’s online sales rose 29% last quarter, helping its holiday results top estimates. So-called click-and-collect orders, which are picked up curbside at stores, increased 27% in the period. Some curbside pickup customers do enter the store to buy additional items, Lore said, declining to provide specifics. Wal-Mart paid $3.3 billion for Jet in August and quickly put founder Lore and his lieutenants in charge of its online strategy. Lore used to work at Amazon, which acquired an earlier business of his, Quidsi, operator of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com. Last month, Amazon said it’s shutting Quidsi because it couldn’t make a profit, eliminating more than 260 jobs.Bloomberg Matthew Boyle Topics: Wal-Mart Amazon Britax car Lego toys jet.com More From Livemint READ MORE Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka says will have to ‘live with’ H1B visa policy EPFO members to get loyalty benefit of up to Rs50,000 First Published: Wed, Apr 12 2017. 11 50 AM IST Editor's Picks Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Jim Rogers: Surprised Modi government got GST through Infosys Q4 profit falls 2.8% to Rs3,603 crore, guidance lower for FY18 Latest News Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka says will have to ‘live with’ H1B visa policy EPFO members to get loyalty benefit of up to Rs50,000 Curious case of the billion-dollar lithium mine sold for a song Instagram is upping the coolness quotient Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal News Money Large US firms stashed USD 1.6 trillion in tax havens: Oxfam Shares1 Wed, 12 Apr 2017-11:28am , PTI The 50 largest US companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about USD 1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their US tax burden, according to a study published today. Poverty-fighting organisation Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a USD 200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies' own data. While not illegal, the companies "used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash" their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. "Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately USD 135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year," Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than USD 200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories (USD 193.6 billion) and Microsoft's IT group (USD 124 billion), the report said. US law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35 per cent at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, US President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15 per cent, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10 per cent. Oxfam criticized both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programs. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will "feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years," the report said. Meanwhile, "repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes" and "incentivizes companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut." "President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses," Silverman said. "The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < SHOCKING! Vidyut Jammwal now LEAKS audio of a drunk Ram Gopal Varma calling Tiger Shroff a transgender   Comments   Also Read Money Rupee gains 30 paise against dollar in early session Money Validity of Bitcoins: Finance Ministry sets up panel to take stock of virtual currencies Money Amazon India gets RBI nod to operate digital wallet Money Donald Trump jawboning drags dollar, treasuries down, Asia stocks mixed Money Gammon to recast businesses Money Bankruptcy code a blessing for creditors as well as promoters Next Article > Watch: Science explains it's physics, not your clumsiness that unties shoelaces < Previous ArticleNext Article > SHOCKING! Vidyut Jammwal now LEAKS audio of a drunk Ram Gopal Varma calling Tiger Shroff a transgender Next node Watch: Science explains it's physics, not your clumsiness that unties shoelaces Related Rupee gains 30 paise against dollar in early session Trump, rupee to weigh on IT firms' Q4 earnings Sorry United. Your apologies just won't fly Video WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding WATCH: Safari park visitor screams in shock as a camel pokes its face inside her car View all Tags United States Donald Trump Apple Microsoft Congress International Monetary Fund Pfizer Washington World Bank Oxfam America International Monetary Fund and World Bank Microsoft IT President Trump Wal-Mart SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News BJP to work in coordination with allies in Goa: Parrikar Rajouri Garden voters annoyed with Jarnail Singh's decision to quit AAP Bhoranj bypoll: BJP candidate Anil Dhiman wins by 8,290 votes CMD of news channel arrested for disturbing communal harmony BJP to work in coordination with allies in Goa: Parrikar Sport Joshna's fight ends in agony in women's World Squash quarters Kohli returns for RCB ahead of IPL clash against MI Kohli returns for RCB ahead of IPL clash against MI SHOWCASE-Soccer-Pogba defends displays, bemoans high expectations Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, April 13 Entertainment When Chunky thought he wouldn't get a role in 'Begum Jaan' Why Ranbir Kapoor's won half the battle for the Sanjay Dutt biopic! Shaban Azmi is 'very proud' of her 'bachcha' Sonam Kapoor Nat Award for Sonam glorious validation of her talent: Azmi Buffett foundation to unveil plan to help girls of colour Money Cottonseed oilcake futures fall by Rs 21 a quintal Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to main content Thu, Apr 13, 2017 Government & Economy » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Government & Economy Large US firms stashed US$1.6t in tax havens: Oxfam Wednesday, April 12, 2017 - 12:41 [WASHINGTON] The 50 largest US companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about US$1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their US tax burden, according to a study published Wednesday. Poverty-fighting organization Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a US$200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies' own data. While not illegal, the companies "used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash" their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. "Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately US$135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year," Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. sentifi.com Market voices on: Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than US$200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories (US$193.6 billion) and Microsoft's IT group (US$124 billion), the report said. SEE ALSO: US tax reform debate moves away from Ryan blueprint US law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35 per cent at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, US President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15 per cent, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10 per cent. Oxfam criticised both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programmes. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will "feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years," the report said. Meanwhile, "repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes" and "incentivises companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut." "President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses," Mr Silverman said. "The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few." AFP US tax haven oxfam Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Government & Economy Kenneth Kwek named new chief executive of SGH 2:30 PM China, South Korea urge calm as North Korea prepares big celebration 1:52 PM Australia jobs jump in March, unemployment steady 1:33 PM China exports surge 16.4% year-on-year in March 1:20 PM North Korea leader Kim oversees special forces op as tensions soar 12:15 PM China trade surplus with US rises to US$17.74b in March 12:02 PM Breaking News 2:30 pm Kenneth Kwek named new chief executive of SGH 2:24 pm Uber resumes ride-hailing service in Taiwan after talks with authorities 2:20 pm Tokyo: Nikkei hits 4-month low as yen spikes; exporters, financials hit 1:52 pm China, South Korea urge calm as North Korea prepares big celebration 1:33 pm Australia jobs jump in March, unemployment steady 1:20 pm China exports surge 16.4% year-on-year in March 12:57 pm Facebook looking at behaviour to weed out fake accounts 12:41 pm Institutional investors placing more emphasis on non-financial risks, disclosures: EY 12:32 pm Asia: Markets dip as dollar retreats on Trump comments 12:15 pm North Korea leader Kim oversees special forces op as tensions soar Most Read 1 Singapore High Court cuts jail terms for Kong Hee and 5 City Harvest Church leaders 2 AGC file criminal reference with Court of Appeal over City Harvest Church verdict 3 Toh Tuck site tender overwhelms with 24 bids, topped by Malaysia's SP Setia 4 After SGX exit, OSIM heads for HK listing as V3 Group 5 Banks in Singapore still flexing muscle in recruitment, employment Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 12 April 2017 | MYT 12:23 PM Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store Online orders picked up in store already qualify for no shipping charges since the retailer saves on shipping fees. The latest discounts come on top of that. — Reuters CHICAGO: Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to US shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc.  Online orders picked up in store already qualify for no shipping charges since the retailer saves on shipping fees. The latest discounts come on top of that. For example, a Vizio 70in 4K Ultra HD television priced at US$1,698 (RM7,526) for store pick up will qualify for an additional discount of US$50 (RM221).  Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, told Reuters in an interview on April 11 he expects the move to boost transactions online and improve customer traffic in stores.  "This is a very material change in the value proposition we are offering customers," he said.  Lore said Wal-Mart is able to offer these discounts as it is able to eliminate delivery costs by leveraging its fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products from warehouses to stores.  The decision to offer these discounts is the latest move by Lore to revamp an existing e-commerce offering from Wal-Mart. The change is expected to improve the retailer's competitive advantage by making its 4,700 US stores more relevant to shoppers in a digital age, analysts said.  Lore has been at the forefront of bold moves Wal-Mart has undertaken to challenge Amazon since he took charge of the retailer's struggling online business in August, after Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com, a company Lore founded, for over US$3bil (RM13.29bil).  Since then he has acquired three online retailers, shuffled Wal-Mart's e-commerce decks and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over US$35 (RM155), without any membership fees, to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping programme. These moves are in line with the broader push by Wal-Mart's chief executive Doug McMillon to give the retailer an even more dominant position in US e-commerce.  Wal-Mart has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival.  Starting April 19, Wal-Mart will offer pickup discounts on 10,000 items and on more than 1 million products by June.  In a separate blog post, Mark Ibbotson, executive vice-president of central operations, said Wal-Mart is expanding its same-day pick up service and is rolling out a pick-up tower – a giant vending machine that delivers packages ordered online when a customer enters a bar code – to more stores. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Technology Related Stories You May Be Interested Researchers give voice to historic sounds of Stonehenge Airbnb signs dozens more tax agreements in the US, France Yahoo's EU regulator to complete e-mail investigation within weeks Outer-space hacking a top concern for NASA's cybersecurity chief BlackBerry awarded US$814.9mil in Qualcomm arbitration Yahoo accused of mismanaging funds meant for Chinese dissidents Others Also Read Historian’s autobiography a reflection of nation’s growth Boost for aesthetic gymnastics Former AG Ambrin wants greater autonomy for his old dept advertisement Latest News High yield bond issuance in Asia at robust levels, says Moody's China’s Ant Financial extends mobile payments empire to Indonesia Edra Power closer to listing with PPA, Melaka power plant Borneo Aqua to reward shareholders with free warrants It's all over for Windows Vista – time for a new version Most Viewed in Tech Samsung Electronics says Galaxy S8 pre-orders exceeded S7 Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices China live streaming: Would-be Internet stars boost billion-dollar market It's all over for Windows Vista – time for a new version Apple hires secret team for treating diabetes: CNBC BlackBerry awarded US$814.9mil in Qualcomm arbitration Outer-space hacking a top concern for NASA's cybersecurity chief How to prevent USB gadgets from damaging your notebook Self-driving ‘arms race’ complicates supplier alliances Cyber breaches have cost shareholders billions since 2013 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 外資系転職 広告掲載 Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS 50 largest U.S. companies stashing $1.6 trillion in overseas tax havens: Oxfam World Apr. 12, 2017 - 02:00PM JST ( 17 ) The Bahamas is a popular tax havens destination for the US companies AFP WASHINGTON — The 50 largest U.S. companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about $1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their U.S. tax burden, according to a study published Wednesday. Poverty-fighting organization Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a $200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies’ own data. While not illegal, the companies “used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash” their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week’s meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. “Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year,” Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories ($193.6 billion) and Microsoft’s IT group ($124 billion), the report said. U.S. law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35% at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, U.S. President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15%, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10%. Oxfam criticized both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programs. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will “feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years,” the report said. Meanwhile, “repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes” and “incentivizes companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut.” “President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses,” Silverman said. “The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few.” © 2017 AFP Tweet Back to top Order by Time Order by Popularity 17 Comments Login to comment 3 SuperLibApr. 12, 2017 - 02:45PM JST and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10%. Yeah, that's been tried already: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Repatriation_tax_holiday Except the rate was 5.25%, not 10% like Trump is proposing. And it failed miserably. Companies brought back money, but it was pumped into financial products that increased company value, not job creation. The myth that these richer companies will create jobs was created by the GOP, and despite direct evidence from 2004 they are choosing ideology over evidence. And they're setting it up to do it all over again. From the Wikipedia link: "Under this law, corporations brought $362 billion into the American economy, primarily for the purposes of paying dividends to investors, repurchasing shares, and purchasing other corporations. In 2011, Senate Democrats, arguing against another repatriation tax holiday, issued a report asserting that the previous effort had actually cost the United States Treasury $3.3 billion, and that companies receiving the tax breaks had thereafter cut over 20,000 jobs." See the part where it says that companies receiving the tax breaks actually slashed jobs? Yeah, that's called evidence. Fortune magazine explains how it will happen again: http://fortune.com/2016/11/24/donald-trump-repatriation-tax-plan-jobs/. In the end it will just be a lot of free money for the richest entities on earth. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35% at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. When you hear the Right talk, they will always mentioned stated rates and not the effective rates. You will see it a lot in blogs. Companies can use deductions which lowers the amount form 35%, and the average ends up being about 16%. Looks like for the bigger companies, it's less. As this continues, the % of revenue collected from corporations will continue to fall, and the middle class will have to pick up more of the tab. This is despite corporations sitting on record amounts of cash and profits. All because the GOP is convinced that richer companies create jobs. 7 MsDeliciousApr. 12, 2017 - 03:54PM JST The IRS goes after all its citizens abroad but not after companies hiding their money. Why should I have to file US tax forms when I never ever go there. Waste of time and money. 0 TriringApr. 12, 2017 - 04:27PM JST Why doesn't the US adopt a similar tax policy like Japan in which labor cost, investment in production line, R&D,etc. can be filed as operating cost which is legible for tax deduction. Japanese taxation goes over the top in corporate tax is only accounted on net profit of company so companies are more then happy to invest in various R&D and machinery to balance the book as if they make little profit on the books. -6 TravelingSalesApr. 12, 2017 - 04:48PM JST I used to give money to Oxfam until they turned into these whining little envious creeps. Never again. 0 bonesApr. 12, 2017 - 06:15PM JST One of the perks of being ultra rich and greedy! -1 theFuApr. 12, 2017 - 07:31PM JST If you don't like the rules, change them. Don't blame people/companies for playing by the rules. 1 YardleyApr. 12, 2017 - 09:15PM JST I'm excited to see what Donald Trump, the people's president, the man looking out for the little guy, does about fixing this issue. (snicker) 0 toshikoApr. 12, 2017 - 09:32PM JST These companies are avoiding high state income tax rate. In US, beside federal tax , they have to pay state income tav except Nevada and some states. Mover stars retire in Nevada. Don't blame them and Apple etch. Calif has high state tax rate. 0 CliffyApr. 12, 2017 - 09:55PM JST US government set that up allowing them to do so. IRS can never be able to get the money as they have money to hire the best lawyers to deal with IRS. Only little folks who couldn't afford a lawyer will get bullied by IRS. 0 ThePBotApr. 12, 2017 - 10:45PM JST President Trump: ".....because they're smart". -3 toshikoApr. 12, 2017 - 10:58PM JST Little people have been moving to Nevada to avoid state taxes, can't avoid US tax but they are low income people. So, population grew. In late 1950. One town population became over 550 this is 100 year anniversary year. The city has about 500.000 population. There are billionaires moved to avoidhighstate tax but small people made area tax haven. We call Sin City Las Vegas.multi billionaires here do not use off shore. Avoiding high state income tax is the purpose of them using off shore placez s. -1 CliffyApr. 12, 2017 - 11:03PM JST ^^^^ New Hampshire is also no state income tax. At least that's what it is when I was living and working there unless they have changed that. -2 WA4TKGApr. 12, 2017 - 11:08PM JST Everything is of course, TRUMP's Fault, but if the HAG was in there, everything bad would STILL be Trump's fault...right Libs ? 2 bass4funkApr. 12, 2017 - 11:21PM JST The IRS goes after all its citizens abroad but not after companies hiding their money. Tell me about it! 1 Clayton K. CharApr. 13, 2017 - 12:36AM JST “Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year,” Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. Tax evasion is illegal, tax avoidance is not (illegal)! Unless these companies earned these revenues from criminal activities, there is no wrongdoing on their part. 0 MsDeliciousApr. 13, 2017 - 06:50AM JST If you are an American Expat living outside the country, if you go back for more than 35 days, and yes, Guam counts, you are no longer considered an expat by the IRS are are taxed in full. Only one other country in the world does that and they are in Africa. -1 bass4funkApr. 13, 2017 - 09:57AM JST I think it's Ethiopia that does it. Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight Surprises to be found in beautiful Tohoku JI Core 50 Professional MonitorsBusiness Services Continuing Education: Apply now! Early-Bird Discount (Summer 2017) Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA Three memorable days in Tohoku (Day One) JI Core 50 Professional MonitorsBusiness Services Special Offers A Live Action Robot Adventure Like No Other Offer ends: Aug 10, 2017 グローバルに 活躍したいあなたへ 外資系転職 バイリンガル人材の ための求人サイト 見てみる More in World Defense in Kim Jong Nam murder case fear 'trial by ambush' Apr. 13, 2017 - 02:48PM JST ( 0 ) United States' first female Muslim judge found dead in Hudson River Apr. 13, 2017 - 01:39PM JST ( 4 ) Putin says trust has eroded under Trump as Moscow icily receives Tillerson Apr. 13, 2017 - 07:15AM JST ( 54 ) United passenger launches legal action over forceful removal Apr. 13, 2017 - 07:09AM JST ( 23 ) Trump backs away from labeling China a currency manipulator Apr. 13, 2017 - 06:48AM JST ( 13 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 Putin says trust has eroded under Trump as Moscow icily receives Tillerson 53 2 Japan's grim population outlook makes immigration talk inevitable 32 3 United passenger launches legal action over forceful removal 23 4 United Airlines fiasco symptom of much bigger problem in America 22 5 Emperor's abdication ceremony likely to be held in Dec 2018 19 View all FizzBit Apr. 13, 2017 - 04:00PM JST Yes, it's a pretty grand and far reaching theory, but you have to admit that it… Posted in: Putin says trust has eroded under Trump as Moscow icily receives Tillerson Britlover Apr. 13, 2017 - 03:57PM JST It’s Japan, this is how it’s done, and they are doing it with love and affection,… Posted in: Bon voyage zichi Apr. 13, 2017 - 03:50PM JST Russia’s involvement in Syria is less about protecting natural gas interests and more about prosaic strategic… Posted in: Putin says trust has eroded under Trump as Moscow icily receives Tillerson backscratcher Apr. 13, 2017 - 03:48PM JST Great article except I would change the first sentence to: The United Fiasco could have happened… Posted in: United Airlines fiasco symptom of much bigger problem in America backscratcher Apr. 13, 2017 - 03:45PM JST United deserves all the grief they get and more. Posted in: United passenger launches legal action over forceful removal View all Japan Investment Properties Listings Updated Daily Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us 日本の読者様へ facebook twitter RSS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Empowering Customers with More Ways to Save – Introducing Pickup Discount By Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart U.S. eCommerce One of the things I love most about Walmart’s heritage is the maniacal focus on our customers and finding ways to offer them low prices – every day. We do this by creating efficiencies in our business so we can share the savings with them. And, in the online world, we can use our physical stores and supply chain to do some pretty unique things for our digital customers. Digital Press Kit View b-roll video and related blog post That’s why I’m so excited to announce that, starting on April 19, we are going to begin offering a discount on eligible, online-only (non-store) items that customers buy online and ship to any Walmart store for pickup. Pickup Discount* will initially be available on about 10,000 items. We will then roll out the discount to more than one million of the most popular items by the end of June. We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pickup and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership. With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Walmart’s operational efficiency to bring price transparency to life at Walmart.com. But first, let me share a bit on how we are able to do this for our customers. We can remove the last mile delivery costs (that represent the lion’s share of the costs to ship products to customers’ homes) when we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfillment centers to our 4,700 stores. This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings. Here’s how Pickup Discount works: Customers shop an item notated with “Pickup Discount” on Walmart.com and ship to their local store for pickup. These shoppers will then receive a discount based on each individual item. For example: We are doing a lot to enhance the Pickup experience to make it even simpler and more convenient for customers. We’ve also been hard at work aggressively expanding our Online Grocery Pickup service which is now in 600 stores with an additional 500 coming this year. We already offer great prices online. We do that every day. Offering a discount on Pickup demonstrates how we can take that to the next level by operating more efficiently and removing costs from the system to give customers even more ways to save. *Pickup Discount will be available on eligible items on Walmart.com only. Discount will be available in the contiguous United States. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Millennial Lithium Corp. (MLNLF: OTCQB) | Millennial Lithium Corp.: Favorable Geophysics Indicate Potential Brine Bearing Formations at Cauchari East Next PostNext Global Pico Projector Market by Type, Products, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2022 Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Empowering Customers with More Ways to Save – Introducing Pickup Discount By Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart U.S. eCommerce One of the things I love most about Walmart’s heritage is the maniacal focus on our customers and finding ways to offer them low prices – every day. We do this by creating efficiencies in our business so we can share the savings with them. And, in the online world, we can use our physical stores and supply chain to do some pretty unique things for our digital customers. Digital Press Kit View b-roll video and related blog post That’s why I’m so excited to announce that, starting on April 19, we are going to begin offering a discount on eligible, online-only (non-store) items that customers buy online and ship to any Walmart store for pickup. Pickup Discount* will initially be available on about 10,000 items. We will then roll out the discount to more than one million of the most popular items by the end of June. We’re creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pickup and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership. With Pickup Discount, we are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Walmart’s operational efficiency to bring price transparency to life at Walmart.com. But first, let me share a bit on how we are able to do this for our customers. We can remove the last mile delivery costs (that represent the lion’s share of the costs to ship products to customers’ homes) when we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfillment centers to our 4,700 stores. This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings. Here’s how Pickup Discount works: Customers shop an item notated with “Pickup Discount” on Walmart.com and ship to their local store for pickup. These shoppers will then receive a discount based on each individual item. For example: We are doing a lot to enhance the Pickup experience to make it even simpler and more convenient for customers. We’ve also been hard at work aggressively expanding our Online Grocery Pickup service which is now in 600 stores with an additional 500 coming this year. We already offer great prices online. We do that every day. Offering a discount on Pickup demonstrates how we can take that to the next level by operating more efficiently and removing costs from the system to give customers even more ways to save. *Pickup Discount will be available on eligible items on Walmart.com only. Discount will be available in the contiguous United States. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Millennial Lithium Corp. (MLNLF: OTCQB) | Millennial Lithium Corp.: Favorable Geophysics Indicate Potential Brine Bearing Formations at Cauchari East Next PostNext Global Pico Projector Market by Type, Products, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts New Report Explores the MiFi Market Overview with Forecast To 2021 E-Discovery Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Femtocell Market Development Overview Forecast To 2021 Global GPON Market Analysis and Forecast: Based On Latest Research 2021 Nanosatellite And Microsatellite Market Growth, Trends and Value Chain 2017-2027 by FMI Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 68° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 68° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Rain douses region, delays outdoor events By Ismael Perez April 11, 2017 at 11:21 p.m. Updated April 11, 2017 at 11:28 p.m. Jerome Baker walks to his car in the rain from Wal-Mart, 4001 Houston Highway, on Tuesday afternoon.   Barclay Fernandez for The Victoria Advocate The heavy rain after a power outage Tuesday did not help keep John Valdivia optimistic about his business day at The Box Coffee Bar. "Sometimes the rain hurts us, sometimes we don't skip a beat," Valdivia, the business owner, said. Victoria received 1.07 inches of rain and strong winds with gust levels of up to 45 mph between 4 and 6 p.m. Tuesday, according to the National Weather Service in Corpus Christi. Calhoun County received 1.17 inches of rain, and 1 inch of precipitation fell in Refugio County. Valdivia said rain is always the worst for business, especially when it is cold, but it was a typical day at The Box Coffee Bar. The only way the rain affected his business was causing his customers to wait in their cars before coming in, he said. While some residents had to wait two hours for a hot espresso, others had to postpone events they had been preparing and looking forward to. "We had to postpone our game until tomorrow (Wednesday)," said Wes Kolle, Victoria East High School baseball coach. "We go throughout the day preparing mentally and physically, but the weather is one of those things we have no control over." The game was between Victoria East High School and Victoria West High School. Kolle said the game was postponed because of safety issues, and because it is a district ballgame, officials want their athletes to perform in the best playing conditions possible. Bad weather also caused the University of Houston-Victoria to cancel Tuesday's groundbreaking ceremony for its new building. University Commons will be located at the field directly across from University Center, 3007 N. Ben Wilson St. The building will serve as a student center, learning commons, parking lot and library. A new date for the event has not been scheduled yet. University officials plan to discuss the rescheduling. Future outdoor events throughout the week should not expect any setbacks because of rain. Wednesday is expected to be mostly cloudy with a high in the mid 80s and east winds at 10 to 15 mph, according to the weather service. Wednesday evening will be mostly cloudy in the low to mid 60s with southeast winds at 10 to 15 mph. RELATED Smith pitches Titans past Warriors Downtown Victoria loses power, again Power restored in downtown Victoria UHV postpones groundbreaking because of rain Rain wreaks havoc on local schedule -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 15  Suddenlink drops KPRC channel from line up 11  Power restored in downtown Victoria after outage 08  Hate crime law leads to few convictions 07  Refugio teen steps up after Mom detained 06  Man arrested after police chase on US 87 Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Large US firms stashed $1.6 trillion in tax havens: Oxfam By Afp Published: 00:43 EDT, 12 April 2017 | Updated: 00:43 EDT, 12 April 2017 e-mail The Bahamas is a popular tax havens destination for the US companies The 50 largest US companies, including Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart, are parking about $1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their US tax burden, according to a study published Wednesday. Poverty-fighting organization Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a $200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies' own data. While not illegal, the companies "used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash" their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. "Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe. Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year," Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman said. Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories ($193.6 billion) and Microsoft's IT group ($124 billion), the report said. US law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. During his campaign, US President Donald Trump proposed cutting the corporate tax rate to 15%, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10% While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35 percent at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, US President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15 percent, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10 percent. Oxfam criticized both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programs. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will "feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years," the report said. Meanwhile, "repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes" and "incentivizes companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut." "President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses," Silverman said. "The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for first time amid claims she craved 'freedom' during failed marriage to Wissam Al Mana Booty-ful and promising! Kim Kardashian wows in skintight gold dress at The Promise premiere  Star-studded film screening Date night! Jennifer Aniston dons cleavage-baring maxi dress as she enjoys dinner in Paris with husband Justin Theroux She's fabulous 'He was desperately unhappy': Friends share sad final days of Heath Ledger's life as his family say daughter Matilda is a constant reminder of her father Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her flat stomach and enviably toned figure in a strapless scarlet bikini as she continues her blissful LA getaway Forget spending hundreds of pounds on whiter teeth! How £8 CHARCOAL polish will give you an A-list smile... (and it's available at Boots)  SPONSORED Brand it like Beckham: Victoria turns her daughter Harper into a trademark for make-up, toys and clothing at just FIVE years old Brand Beckham Magic Johnson's daughter Elisa flaunts her sexy bikini bod in skimpy swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with her beau Anthony in Miami Beach Taking the plunge! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts cleavage in VERY low cut black pantsuit at premiere of The Promise Hollywood premiere  Gigi Hadid shows off her enviable model figure in bedazzled grey crop top and matching trousers in New York City Top of the crops 'Sun's out!' Ferne McCann embraces the UK's warm weather by stripping down to a black spandex 'Jenner' bikini and posing seductively by a pool Fuel fury! Doctor Who fans are left raging with new Time Lord sidekick Pearl Mackie as she makes TARDIS gaffe on The One Show Plays newcomer Bill 'I'm proud that I'm normal': Rita Ora on reveals why she loves her thighs and womanly curves as she flaunts her athletic figure in new shoot Selena Gomez and The Weeknd go their separate ways after spending the night together at her LA home Sometimes they look inseparable Marnie Simspon suffers a wardrobe malfunction by going braless in a semi-sheer dress at charity bash... and comes face-to-face with ex Lewis Bloor Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Olivia Culpo looks radiant in colorful floral blouse at Alice + Olivia event alongside attendees including Frieda Pinto and Leona Lewis 'What size are your feet?': Kate Wright sizzles in an EXTREMELY plunging swimsuit but her sexy Instagram post is overshadowed 'I've read the front cover': Sam Faiers' boyfriend Paul Knightley admits he HASN'T read his girlfriend's book about him and their baby on The Mummy Diaries Little Mix's Jesy Nelson sparks speculation she has split from TOWIE's Chris Clark by UNFOLLOWING him... one month after confirming romance Rebekah Vardy consoles husband Jamie over Champions League loss in Madrid... as she sports his Leicester City strip to support him pitch side 'You're miserable and fake!' Megan McKenna screams at Pete Wicks on the street... as Chloe Sims brands her an 'attention seeker who plays the victim' 'I'm dating a younger, better looking, Cindy': Smitten Spencer Matthews gushes his girlfriend Vogue Williams is more attractive than supermodel Crawford Host with the most! Westworld star Angela Sarafyan shows off her fabulous figure in sheer lace dress at The Promise premiere Westworld actress Three generations! Caitlyn Jenner enjoys family day out with son Brandon and granddaughter Eva Playing grandparent to the little ones TOWIE's Megan McKenna rocks bodycon dress and distressed denim jacket as she rubs shoulders with ex Pete Wicks at charity event 'Don't bother zooming in': Nicki Minaj teases fans as she 'blurs' her sheer top in Instagram post Took to the streets of Los Angeles  Effortless beauty! Olivia Culpo is the classic girl-next-door while dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans for day out in LA Looks fantastic His leading lady! Jolly Christian Bale shows off elegant wife Sibi as they wear black to The Promise premiere He was the movie's leading man Pregnant Whitney Port runs errands in sporty attire of yoga pants and lightweight jacket The reality star carried an iced beverage in one hand and a store bag  Match made in heaven: Jennifer Aniston goes for casual chic in camel coat as she coordinates with Justin Theroux on romantic Paris break Epitome of Parisian chic Watch out there's a new Housewife in town! Socialite Tinsley Mortimer makes debut appearance on RHONY...but still misses Palm Beach Josh Patterson gets reflective as he shares a shot of bikini-clad girlfriend Binky Felstead while she cradles her baby bump in the Indian Ocean at sunset James Corden's wife Julia Carey puts on a leggy display while hand-in-hand with her beau... as he confirms he is bringing The Late Late Show to the UK TOWIE star Dan Edgar hits back at claims he is 'embarrassed' by new flame Amber Turner... as the couple keep coy over split rumours Social media spat Casey Batchelor puts on a VERY busty display in plunging black jumpsuit as pal Vicky Pattison shows off her gym-honed curves in orange bodycon  Alesha Dixon teases her lacy lingerie in a demure wrap dress as she steps out for star-studded charity event... hours after launching new series of BGT Ex On The Beach's Jess Impiazzi puts on a very cheeky display as she flashes her pert derriere in completely sheer dress at charity bash Cheeky! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, flashes the flesh in ripped shorts and flame themed crop top during spring break in Miami Holiday  This old thing? I made it myself! Nancy Dell'Olio turns up for Christie's charity auction event in dress that she created  Glam  Let me fix you! David Burtka adjusts husband Neil Patrick Harris' tie as the duo appear on the red carpet for Broadway play In And Of Itself Made for each other PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jamie Dornan's wife Amelia Warner opts for folksy chic as they enjoy blissful day in the sun with daughters Dulcie and Phoebe Sheer beauty! Jasmin Walia leaves little to the imagination as she goes braless underneath a racy PVC dress while reuniting with her former TOWIE co-stars Ella Eyre oozes glamour in a satin corset and statement fur jacket... as she steps out for beauty launch just a week after her dad passes away 'It was my first major heartbreak': Lorde opens up about the inspiration behind new album following rumours of split from long-term boyfriend James Lowe Sara Sampaio wows in a black jumping with dangerously plunging neckline as she dines at celeb hot spot Spago in Beverly Hills Elegant Tyga heads out in pricey Mercedes just hours after being detained by cops... as his music company skips paying $250k in lawsuit Lisa Kudrow joins Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin to guest star on new season of Netflix series Grace and Frankie The former Friends star is a manicurist EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Unease as Camilla Parker Bowles will appear in third season of Netflix series The Crown Fun-loving girlfriend  Stephen Belafonte 'reports ex to LAPD after she attempts to cash in on Mel B's domestic abuse claims by threatening to make up he abused her  'It's gonna be great!' Jimmy Fallon and Harry Styles hilariously try to outdo each other in promo for FIRST live coast-to-coast SNL Dynamic duo 'The four of us are really in sync': Fifth Harmony's remaining members insist communication is better than ever after Camila Cabello's departure Braless Amanda Holden shows off her sensational figure in a backless cream gown as she turns heads at Britain's Got Talent launch Oprah Winfrey believes her long-running talk show was her 'greatest therapy' and says she's never seen a shrink In conversation Date night! Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis are casually stylish as they pack on the PDA at off Broadway opening Showed off her natural beauty How times change... Millie Mackintosh takes charge as she returns for Britain's Next Top Model stint... six years after failing to impress in three-second audition Sylvester Stallone sues WB for 'fraud' and 'obviously intentional dishonesty' over its accounting for his 1993 film Demolition Man Legal action Flying high! Chrissy Teigen smiles away as she jets out of LA after revealing she is no longer suffering from postpartum depression Good news EXCLUSIVE 'I feel guilty all the time': Sam Faiers on life as a working mum and how her 'creepy' proposal hints are paying off with beau Paul Knightley Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly once sat next to Jennifer Lopez on the plane... despite chef's claims he would NEVER let his children fly first class Daddy-daughter time! Ashton Kutcher holds his daughter Wyatt's lunch box as the pair enjoy a sunny stroll together Doting dad Coachella makeover! Newly brunette Lady Gaga goes to cosmetic clinic three days before highly-anticipated headline gig Going darker Gemma Arterton ditches her usual red carpet style for a tailored suit and looks sensational as she continues to promote new movie Their Finest Fashionable flyers! Paris Hilton rocks leather leggings and matching beret as she and beau Chris Zylka return to LA after NYC visit It's Dumble-Law! Jude set to play a young Albus in Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them sequel Surprising casting announcement Revealing Rita! Ora flaunts her ample cleavage and black lace bra beneath sheer tank as she shops in Beverly Hills Buxom beauty Real Housewives star Lisa Rinna, 53, and her model daughter Delilah Belle, 18, look more like sisters in bikini snap Like mother, like daughter 'She's the perfect woman': TOWIE'S Liam 'Gatsby' Blackwell reveals he is dating stunning Swedish model Isabella Cirinski New love 'I was an emotional mess': Plus-size model Tess Holliday shares snap of herself breastfeeding, as she details her struggle 'to find her way as a mom' Newly-single Megan McKenna prepares for EPIC showdown as she comes face to face with ex Pete Wicks and 'fling' Chloe Sims during TOWIE filming 'It only took us one month to get pregnant': Heidi Pratt reveals she and husband Spencer are expecting their first baby Baby joy! Always chic! Michelle Williams arrives in Los Angeles from Paris in style wearing striped coat and pink ballet shoes Jet-setter Hairy armpits don't make you feminist! AMANDA PLATELL questions the authenticity of Lourdes'  'shave slave' rebellion Feminist statement? Catch of the day! Supermodel Heidi Klum dares to bare as she drops her bikini top to go fishing on luxury trip in the Caribbean  Risque Dressed to kill: JO WOOD on her wardrobe treasure and her many fashion faux pas Here, the rock 'n' roll matriarch reveals her style secrets 'No caption needed': Vicky Pattison proudly flaunts her three stone weight loss in very sexy underwear after returning from romantic trip to Dubai 'This is why I'm still single': Charlize Theron details 'awkward' interactions with dating app suitors... as gal pal Chelsea Handler tried to set her up Double duty! Josh Brolin cast as Cable in Deadpool 2... which will be his second Marvel franchise role The actor's second Marvel gig 'What makes you YOU is that you are imperfectly perfect!': Iskra Lawrence shares sizzling poolside snap with inspiring message to her fans Olivia Munn's ex Aaron Rodgers had been making 'drastic changes' including working out with Nick Jonas instead of team amid split That's her beach baby! Kendra Wilkinson flashes physique in bathing suit as she cosies up to husband Hank Baskett during Hawaiian getaway Darling, you should visit a brothel: What Carly Simon told ex-husband Jim Hart husband as passion died between them  Shock claims Is that you Elle Woods? Reese Witherspoon channels Legally Blonde character as she steps out in hot pink blouse with matching heels Think pink Shabby chic! Kate Hudson enjoys relaxed day in ripped denim overalls with bib undone along with disposable flip-flops after mani-pedi Casual 'I've never had a bad break-up': Chris Evans says he's still pals with his exes following recent split from Jenny Slate On good terms 'I'm ready to date someone new': Singer Nelly Furtado reveals secret SPLIT from her husband Demacio Castellon as she seeks to help her love life 'Pinkie Lott': Pixie flaunts bubblegum locks while stepping out in a racy tiger print mini dress to film for Celebrity Juice's Easter special EXCLUSIVE! 'I'm not leaving': Ollie Locke slams rumours he has quit Made In Chelsea and affirms he and Binky Felstead 'come as a pair' Cheeky pose! Kerry Katona shows off her derriere in a thong as she undergoes a non-surgical bum lift in a bid to stay trim following two stone weight loss 'High fats and no carbs': Vanessa Hudgens reveals her secret for losing 10lbs as she shapes up her sexy body Body confident Sheer model madness: Gigi Hadid accidentally flashes her bra in see-through top as she goes for gym run in New York City Wardrobe malfunction Demi Lovato flashes the flesh in eccentric feathered frock with mesh paneling as she prepares for music video shoot New music Ring any bells? Mark Wright and Michelle Keegan get all nostalgic as they return to the church they got married in ahead of second anniversary Bathing beauty Gigi Hadid wears striped swimsuit on the cover of Vogue Netherlands (and reveals she ate pancakes on the set) Cover girl  'It becomes like a feeding frenzy': Real Housewives Of New York Ramona Singer, 60, reveals why she stays off social media Offline Racy drama Versailles is set to get EVEN raunchier as pregnant Madame de Montespan strips off for explicit sex scene with King Louis XIV No drama here! Tiffany Watson and Frankie Gaff share a giggle during filming... as Sam Thompson's heated row with Jamie Laing is set to escalate Here comes trouble! Kelly Ripa lets her sporty bomber jacket do all the talking as she heads to the gym in New York Making a statement 'I'm not ashamed': Survivor's Zeke Smith reveals he is transgender and explains why he kept it a secret from fellow competitors  'I've NEVER had a boyfriend': Olympic gymnast Simone Biles, 20, reveals she has only ever been on 'ONE proper date' - but admits it went well  Bella Thorne reveals she'd love to date Kristen Stewart but finds flirting with women 'confusing'... as she channels Marilyn Monroe in sexy shoot 'Worst feeling in the world': Love Island's Nathan Massey confirms split from Cara de la Hoyde following 'best summer of their lives' FIRST LOOK: Lily Cole looks dramatically different as she transforms into flame-haired royal Elizabeth I in dramatic new role Docu-drama series Second round pick! Vin Diesel was not the first choice to star in The Fast And The Furious... studio bosses wanted Justified's Timothy Olyphant Donna Air cuts a casual figure in a flirty Breton minidress as she leaves pedicure appointment with her trainers in hand Post-pedi Alesha Dixon commands attention in a stylish crop top with figure-hugging fishtail skirt as she hits the red carpet for Britain's Got Talent launch 'We don't schedule - yet!': Jenna Dewan talks sex with husband Channing Tatum and reveals plans for baby number two Feeling broody  Fishing for followers? Katie Salmon treats her fans to ANOTHER saucy bikini snap flaunting her ample bust in series of skimpy bikinis Not camera shy Shia LaBeouf moves to remote cabin in Finland to live alone for a month for art project... just a week after meltdown over French fries New project EXCLUSIVE: Not just a holiday romance! Scott Eastwood steps out in New York with same brunette he flirted with on an Australian beach New girl Rebel without a cause! Elle Fanning makes explicit fashion statement as she films I Think We're Alone Now 'Same s***, different day,' she said No shirt? No problem! Victoria's Secret Angels frolic on the beach while showing off their enviable physiques in lacy bras for festival-themed commercial Karlie Kloss displays her supermodel shape in a plunging black swimsuit as she goes behind the lens to photograph new clothing collection Don Draper would approve! Mad Men favourite Jon Hamm buys stylish new bachelor pad for $3.4million Swanky pad No wonder he's smiling! Grumpy Doc Martin gets a sweet smooch from his wife Louise in romantic new scenes Got to work on ITV drama Eddie Murphy's older brother Charlie dies at 57 after battle with leukemia TMZ reported the comic died at a hospital in New York City 'You can never handle the reality': EOTB's Ashleigh Defty teases with titillating snaps as she bares her pert derriere in barely-there bikini 'It can be really scary': Stranger Things star Shannon Purser reveals distress she experienced coming to terms with her sexuality Justice for Barb 'We didn't know the risks': Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha and Linda Robson express regret as they admit to drinking and smoking during first pregnancies Nothing but her Calvins! Hailey Baldwin goes TOPLESS as she models designer underwear for ELLE Highlighted her taut torso and toned legs Christine Bleakley reveals she saved Frank Lampard's LIFE by pushing him out the way of falling scaffolding as she has a 'spooky sixth sense' Can you strand the heat? Love Island's Olivia Buckland strips down to red lingerie for racy new shoot... to promote her line of hair extensions 'I couldn't ask for a better person to be the mother of my children': Dakota Meyer shares photo of pregnant wife Bristol Palin at her final ultrasound 'I'm open to one more': Tori Spelling talks having a SIXTH child as she reveals baby Beau has made marriage to Dean 'feel like new' Expanding again 'I have the most feminine a**!' Michelle Rodriguez reveals the challenges of playing a MAN in controversial 'transgender thriller' The Assignment Gemma Collins flaunts her weight loss in a black lace dress as she joins her TOWIE co-stars for a day at Chessington theme park  'You were s***ging every Tom, Dick and Harry!' Marnie Simpson lashes out at Lewis Bloor over his cheating as the exes lock horns in furious Twitter spat Janet Jackson moves out of London townhouse she shared with estranged husband Wissam Al Mana as their five-year marriage comes to an end  Prince Charles' secret tension with newlyweds William and Kate: How the royal was 'irked' by the couple's 'tasteless' photo opportunities on their 2011 Canada tour Jemma Lucy leaves very little to the imagination as she flaunts her eye-popping assets in barely-there bikini during Spanish break  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson squeezes her chest into an ab-flashing skimpy sports bra as she prepares to take the stage with bandmates in New Orleans A Wonder Woman indeed! Gal Gadot looks every inch the leading lady as she shows off some skin on the cover of W Magazine Posing on the cover Bisexual George Shelley goes public with his model boyfriend Matthew Holehouse as they pose shirtless for cheeky Instagram snap Instagram official 'I will miss this place!' Strictly judge Craig Revel Horwood puts his beloved Camden home on the market for £1.2M... 20 years after purchasing it for £149K 'It plays havoc': Martine McCutcheon reveals she now has LYME disease as well as M.E. as she claims her illnesses make her lose weight slower No More Drama! Mary J. Blige, 46, shows off age-defying physique in tight red jumpsuit as the Rnb superstar performs in Melbourne She hasn't aged Girls Just Want to Have Fun! Cyndi Lauper thrills fans in Perth as she performs with Blondie's Debbie Harry who makes a VERY bold statement on her T-shirt Mel B looks frustrated as she 'fails to get into a storage unit in LA'... after claiming THAT nanny is extorting her over sex tapes kept in a lock up Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to U.S. shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc. Posted 12 Apr 2017 12:10 A man talks on his mobile phone in front of a Wal-Mart store in Sao Paulo, Brazil, February 16, 2016. To match Insight WALMART-BRAZIL/ REUTERS/Nacho Doce Conveyors are seen at a Wal-Mart Stores Inc distribution centers in Bentonville, Arkansas June 6, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A CHICAGO: Wal-Mart Stores Inc will offer 'pickup discounts' to U.S. shoppers on items they order online and pick up in-store, as it revamps its e-commerce offerings at a faster pace to close the gap with larger rival Amazon.com Inc. Online orders picked up in store already qualify for no shipping charges since the retailer saves on shipping fees. The latest discounts come on top of that. For example, a Vizio 70-inch 4K Ultra HD television priced at US$1,698 for store pick up will qualify for an additional discount of US$50. Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday he expects the move to boost transactions online and improve customer traffic in stores. "This is a very material change in the value proposition we are offering customers," he said. Lore said Wal-Mart is able to offer these discounts as it is able to eliminate delivery costs by leveraging its fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products from warehouses to stores. The decision to offer these discounts is the latest move by Lore to revamp an existing e-commerce offering from Wal-Mart. The change is expected to improve the retailer's competitive advantage by making its 4,700 U.S. stores more relevant to shoppers in a digital age, analysts said. Lore has been at the forefront of bold moves Wal-Mart has undertaken to challenge Amazon since he took charge of the retailer's struggling online business in August, after Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com, a company Lore founded, for over US$3 billion. Since then he has acquired three online retailers, shuffled Wal-Mart's e-commerce decks and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over US$35, without any membership fees, to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping program. These moves are in line with the broader push by Wal-Mart's Chief Executive Doug McMillon to give the retailer an even more dominant position in U.S. e-commerce. Wal-Mart has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival. Starting April 19, Wal-Mart will offer pickup discounts on 10,000 items and on more than 1 million products by June. In a separate blog post, Mark Ibbotson, executive vice president of central operations, said Wal-Mart is expanding its same-day pick up service and is rolling out a pick-up tower - a giant vending machine that delivers packages ordered online when a customer enters a bar code - to more stores. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Himani Sarkar) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-West Mountain Environmental executes letter of intent with Walker Mc... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue Apr 11, 2017 | 10:19pm EDT BRIEF-West Mountain Environmental executes letter of intent with Walker McNeil Group of Companies April 11 West Mountain Environmental Corp: * West Mountain Environmental executes letter of intent with Walker McNeil Group of Companies * West Mountain Environmental - under terms of LOI WMGOC will invest up to CDN$14 million in company with CDN$7.0 million to be invested within next 90 days * West Mountain Environmental - LOI provides for purchase by WMGOC of 50 million shares of WMT from treasury at $0.05 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News GLOBAL MARKETS-Trump comments, North Korea fears sink dollar, bond yields SINGAPORE, April 13 The U.S. dollar and Treasury yields tumbled on Thursday on U.S. President Donald Trump's comments favouring lower interest rates and tensions over North Korea, while Asian stocks put in a mixed performance amid a raft of regional economic data. German stocks - Factors to watch on April 13 BERLIN/FRANKFURT, April 13 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.1 percent lower on Thursday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0610 GMT. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs: source AFPApril 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Walmart's new cuts will affect employees in the international division, its technology services division and in its Sam's Club business (AFP Photo/SCOTT OLSON)More New York (AFP) - Wal-Mart Stores is eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs in a cost-cutting move, a person familiar with the matter said Tuesday. The cuts will affect employees in Wal-Mart's international division, its technology services division and in its Sam's Club business. The layoffs are centered in administrative functions, said the person, confirming a story in the Wall Street Journal. Wal-Mart has been targeting e-commerce growth and looking to offset increased spending in that realm with belt-tightening elsewhere. "To fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," a Wal-Mart spokesman said. "In order to achieve this, from time to time you'll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast. In some areas, we'll invest in new positions but in other cases, we'll operate more efficiently and work to change our processes and become more digital to change the work itself." Wal-Mart, the world's biggest retailer, cut 1,000 administrative and e-commerce jobs at the start of 2017, even as it pledged to create 10,000 jobs in the United States. In 2016, Wal-Mart cut 18,000 jobs through store closures and automation. Some of the workers affected by those cuts found posts elsewhere at the company. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community New Video Emerges of the Moments Before Doctor Was Dragged Off United Plane 2032 reactions4%72%24% Tillerson goes to Russia and more: April 12 in photos 40 reactions8%76%16% Aaron Hernandez trial: Heartbreaking scene as 4-year-old daughter shows up to court 2220 reactions5%52%43% Tad Cummins, ex-teacher suspected of kidnapping student, may need medication, left note for wife 938 reactions5%77%18% 20 of the world's most stunning theaters 25 reactions13%76%11% Secretary of State Rex Tillerson travels to Moscow to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin 6 reactions-1%38%63% Catch this recent episode of ABC Nightline These Beauty and Fitness Influencers Can Make up to $300,000 Per Post 670 reactions5%69%26% 2017 NBA Playoffs: The full schedule for all 8 first-round matchups 5 reactions16%67%17% Trump warms to Xi Jinping as relationship with Putin chills 1082 reactions5%71%24% Syrians protest U.S. airstrikes and more: April 11 in photos 454 reactions3%70%27% Questions about personnel changes in the Trump administration continue to swirl 3 reactions0%67%33% Catch this recent episode of ABC World News Tonight With David Muir Second United Airlines passenger threatened with handcuffs to give seat up for 'more important' flyer 4378 reactions4%73%23% Comedian Charlie Murphy Dead at 57 After Leukemia Battle 2483 reactions13%58%29% Woman Speaks Out Against Brother Who Raped Her as a Child 1624 reactions5%67%28% North Korea Says it Is 'Ready for War' After U.S. Reroutes Warships Linda: A "real" president would have the intellect to avert a war. This president, not so much. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 399
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wal-Mart Cuts Several Hundred Jobs ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Wal-Mart Cuts Several Hundred Jobs By Sarah Nassauer Published April 11, 2017 Retail Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print FILE PHOTO -- Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/File Photo (Copyright Reuters 2017) Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is cutting hundreds of corporate jobs this month, following similar layoffs earlier this year, as the retail giant looks for ways to save as it spends billions to improve its e-commerce operations and existing stores. Continue Reading Below The cuts fell broadly Tuesday and over the past few days on the international side of Wal-Mart's business, as well as its technology group and at its warehouse chain Sam's Club, according to people familiar with the matter. Wal-Mart's chief executive Doug McMillon has told analysts that the company's efforts to compete with Amazon.com Inc. would mean a renewed commitment to low-cost operations, including some layoffs. The move adds to a string of job cuts and layoffs over the last year. Earlier this year Wal-Mart cut about 1,000 corporate jobs, including 200 in its e-commerce department. Since early 2016, Wal-Mart has cut more than 18,000 U.S. jobs through closing stores, trimming staffing at some store locations and cutting jobs at its headquarters. Around 11,000 of those employees found different jobs within the company, a spokesman said. In a statement, Wal-Mart said "we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively, true to our cost-conscious heritage. In order to achieve this, from time to time you'll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast." Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, April 13, 2017 2:51 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs Wednesday April 12, 2017 08:54 AM GMT+8 ICYMI No sporting event now safe from militant attacks, experts say The Edit: Facebook will now teach you how to spot fake news In abrupt shift, Trump warms to China and Nato, sours on Russia The Edit: These are Mumbai’s first women rickshaw drivers Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Gibu Thomas, senior vice-president for mobile and digital Walmart Global eCommerce, answers a question at a Wal-mart media presentation in Rogers, Arkansas in this file photo taken June 5, 2014 ReutersNEW YORK, April 12 — Wal-Mart Stores is eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs in a cost-cutting move, a person familiar with the matter said yesterday. The cuts will affect employees in Wal-Mart’s international division, its technology services division and in its Sam’s Club business. The layoffs are centered in administrative functions, said the person, confirming a story in the Wall Street Journal. Wal-Mart has been targeting e-commerce growth and looking to offset increased spending in that realm with belt-tightening elsewhere. “To fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline,” a Wal-Mart spokesman said.  “In order to achieve this, from time to time you’ll see the company eliminate positions in an effort to stay lean and fast. In some areas, we’ll invest in new positions but in other cases, we’ll operate more efficiently and work to change our processes and become more digital to change the work itself.” Wal-Mart, the world’s biggest retailer, cut 1,000 administrative and e-commerce jobs at the start of 2017, even as it pledged to create 10,000 jobs in the United States. In 2016, Wal-Mart cut 18,000 jobs through store closures and automation. Some of the workers affected by those cuts found posts elsewhere at the company. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week United Airlines CEO won’t resign Asia’s worst performing currency is back on investors’ radar Trump sees global gains from ‘chemistry’ with China’s Xi Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Ringgit continues uptrend to open higher Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Malaysian-based I Synergy puts expansion plan in place Petronas pitches RM4.4b offshore gas project stake to oil firms, sources say Stocks spooked, safe-haven assets jump as US missiles strike Syria Demand for Malaysian palm oil set to rebound, says Council Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Malala becomes honourary Canadian citizen Reuters Video: US tells Russia ‘you are isolating yourselves’ by backing Assad Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Bloomberg Video: Zhang Yimou on why ‘The Great Wall’ bombed at the box office Bloomberg Video: Former ambassador surprised by fast Trump Syria decision Related Articles US’ first female Muslim judge found dead in Hudson River KL shares trade higher at mid-day as market rebounds Tepid on risk-off mood, Singapore and Malaysia slip KL shares turn higher at mid-morning KL shares traded sideways on lack of fresh leads Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 81F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy in the evening with more clouds for later at night. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low around 60F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 13, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close AP Photo/Jae C. Hong Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs By Nandita Bose • Reuters Apr 11, 2017 (…) AP Photo/Jae C. Hong CHICAGO • Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month, even as it invests in improving its e-commerce operations and in regaining its low-cost pricing advantage in the U.S. retail sector. Wal-Mart confirmed the latest round of job cuts, which will involve "hundreds" of positions in its international and technology businesses, along with its Sam's Club warehouse chain. "As we said in January, to fuel our growth and our investments we have to manage our costs and our capital decisions with discipline," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said. "This means we will continue to find ways to operate more efficiently and effectively." He gave no details on the number of positions to be eliminated. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Who's hired? Check our People in Business The Wall Street Journal first reported the move on Tuesday. Wal-Mart's job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back-office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut more than a 1,000 corporate positions, mostly in its human resources department.  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wal-mart Commerce Economics Work Job View (…) comments Most popular Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters Dogtown apartment developers in talks with local grocer Why the payday loan industry is declining in Missouri Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section U.S. stock indexes post modest losses; bond yields slump Reinsurance Group CEO earns $10.4 million in final year Berkshire Hathaway reverses course on Wells Fargo Iron artwork of dog at tree missing from Venice Cafe A-B InBev to wring potential from Africa beer with exports Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Deals Clearance Toys at Walmart: Over 2,100 toys + free shipping w/ $35 Clearance Toys at Walmart: Over 2,100 toys + free shipping w/ $35 Published: 1 day ago / Buy Now $25 Buy Now Walmart discounts a selection of over 2,100 toys marked as Clearance, Rollback, and Special Buy items, with prices starting at $1.60. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping charge, or spend $35 or more to receive free shipping. Shop a variety of discounted brands, including Disney, Fisher-Price, LEGO, Hot Wheels, and My Little Pony. A couple of best bets, both available for pickup: VTech Around Town Baby Driver for $11 (same at Amazon, low by $2) Fisher-Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway for $25 (pictured, same at Amazon, low by $4) facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL Fisher-Price Toys at Toys"R"Us: Buy 1, get 2nd free + free shipping w/ $29 Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for $32 + pickup at Walmart Melissa & Doug Clay Activity Set for $10 + pickup at Walmart Huffy Disney Frozen Olaf Inline Scooter for $10 + pickup at Walmart Popular deals Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum Gaming Mouse - $58.79 Nordstrom Rack Clearance Sale: Extra 25% off + free shipping w/ $100 Parrot Bebop 2 with Skycontroller 2 & Cockpit Glasses FPV - $699 Logitech G231 Prodigy Stereo Gaming Headset - $69.99 LEGO Mindstorms EV3 - $349.99 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Walmart bringing more than 500 jobs to Alabama Walmart bringing more than 500 jobs to Alabama Wednesday, 29 March 2017 (2 weeks ago) Walmart on Wednesday announced plans to build a $135 million distribution center in Mobile, a move projected to create 550 full-time jobs. The new storage and cross-dock facility will be the retail giant's fourth distribution center in-state and likely provide a significant boost to the Port of Mobile. Construction on the 2.5 million-square-foot distribution facility is expected to take 14 months. Once finished, the facility will support roughly 800 Walmart locations. “We are excited about how… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Fortune - 1 week ago< > Embed Behind Walmart's Gender Bias Problem 02:49 And why companies need to pay attention. You Might Like Recent related news Wal-Mart continues to eliminate corporate jobs: reportCHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc is eliminating more corporate jobs this month, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with... Reuters 3 hours ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Sify •Globe and Mail •MarketWatch Other recent news in Business UNITED AIRLINES: An abject lesson in how not to behave in a crisis United Airlines faces fallout after viral video shows PASSENGER DRAGGED off overbooked plane (Video) UNITED CEO apologises for 'horrific event', reports the plane was not 'overbooked' Retirees want Britirements after BREXIT vote King of Trainers JD SPORTS posts regal returns Group of six LONDON pubs sold to the Laine Pub Company for around £4m GOOGLE Refutes Charges, Says There Is No Gender Pay Gap TOSHIBA's survival in doubt amid Westinghouse troubles NORTH KOREA's Parliament Meets, With Kim Jong Un at Center New Orleans-based law firm opens its first Georgia OFFICE in Buckhead Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Bashar al-Assad Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Katy Perry Current Topics Sean Spicer Dortmund United Airlines Holocaust Soccer Team Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Which Iconic Villain Is Returning To Doctor Who? Which Sport Is Taking Up 3D Printing - And Soon? Will The Next Generation Of TRUMPs Be Entering Politics? How Frozen Could Have Ended - And Why We're Glad It Didn't Fancy Seeing Transformers 19? Give It Time Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Glossary Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Glossary Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Get in Contact Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 15K Fact Check Crime Parking Lot Perfume Robbers Long-standing crime warning holds that thieves are trolling parking lots and rendering their victims unconscious with perfume samples. 15K CLAIM Robbers in shopping mall parking lots are using ether-filled perfume bottles to render their victims unconscious. false RATING false ORIGIN For nearly twenty years now, Internet users have been immersed in warnings advising them to be wary of persons attempting to sell perfume in store parking lots: PLEASE PASS THIS ALONG TO YOUR WOMEN FRIENDS!!! I was approached yesterday afternoon around 3:30pm in the Wal-Mart parking lot at Forest Drive, by two males, asking what kind of perfume I was wearing. Then they asked if I’d like to sample some fabulous scent they were willing to sell me at a very reasonable rate. I probably would have agreed had I not received an email some weeks ago, warning of a “wanna smell this neat perfume?” scam. The men continued to stand between parked cars, I guess to wait for someone else to hit on. I stopped a lady going towards them, pointed at them, and told her about how I was sent an e-mail at work about someone walking up to you at the malls or in parking lots, and asking you to SNIFF PERFUME that they are selling at a cheap price. THIS IS NOT PERFUME – IT IS ETHER! When you sniff it, you’ll pass out. And they’ll take your wallet, your valuables, and heaven knows what else. If it were not for this e-mail, I probably would have sniffed the “perfume”. But thanks to the generosity of an emailing friend, I was spared whatever might have happened to me. I wanted to do the same for you. PASS THIS ALONG TO ALL YOUR WOMEN FRIENDS, AND PLEASE BE ALERT, AND AWARE!! The scenario described above isn’t a real danger. No one has reported having been robbed in this manner, save for one woman in 1999 whose claim was suspect (for reasons we discuss below). This legend doesn’t even describe a plausible scenario because, despite what books and television shows may depict, rendering a person unconscious from a mere sniff or two of some substance is not easy to do. Ether is nasty, volatile stuff that requires a great deal more than a few brief inhalations to knock a person out. In fact, it’s hard to think of any substance that could produce the instant unconsciousness described here. This legend appears to have begun in late 1999 with a widely-circulated Internet message that used one specific news report as a basis for implying that ether-wielding robbers were a potentially widespread menace: Watch out-this is for real! I just heard on the radio about a lady that was asked to sniff a bottle of perfume that another woman was selling for $8.00 (In a mall parking lot). She told the story that it was her last bottle of perfume that regularly sells for $49.00 but she was getting rid of it for only $8.00, sound legitimate? That’s what the victim thought, but when she awoke she found out that her car had been moved to another parking area and she was missing all her money that was in her wallet (total of $800.00). Pretty steep for a sniff of perfume! Anyway, the perfume wasn’t perfume at all, it was some kind of ether or strong substance to cause anyone who breathes the fumes to black out. SO, Please beware … Christmas time is coming and we will be going to malls shopping and we will have cash on us. Ladies, please don’t be so trusting of others and beware of your surroundings-ALWAYS! Obey your instincts! The incident described above was “real” in the sense that a Mobile, Alabama, woman claimed it happened to her on 8 November 1999 and reported the alleged robbery to the police, but it’s false in that no evidence ever surfaced to verify her story. Bertha Johnson, a 54-year-old Mobile woman, maintained that at about 2:00 PM on Monday, 8 November, she had pulled into the parking lot of a bank when a woman approached her car and offered to sell her bottles of cologne that ordinarily retail for $45 for the low price of $8. Ms. Johnson says she sniffed a sample of the cologne, and the next thing she knew it was around half an hour later, she was standing with her keys in her hand at a wicker store two miles away from the bank, her head was throbbing, and $800 she had been carrying ($500 of her own money plus $300 of her employer’s) was missing. However, her claim had some surface implausibilities: Ms. Johnson was allegedly robbed on her way into a bank. How did the robber know she had a significant amount of money on her? Not everybody walks into a bank with a wad of cash — was the robber simply choosing random victims in the hopes of hitting on one who did? If so, how come no one else has reported being the victim of such a robbery attempt? We have to assume that this is a brand new crime scheme, and that the perpetrator hit the jackpot on the very first try (and apparently hasn’t used it since). As Dr. Matthew Barnhill, a toxicologist with the Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences noted, it’s difficult to imagine what substance could have been used to cause someone to pass out so quickly from a single sniff. Any drug or chemical that could immediately knock a victim out merely through his inhaling it (rather than ingesting or injecting it) would have to be quite potent indeed. We might also consider that Ms. Johnson was carrying money belonging to her employer at the time of the alleged robbery, and that pretending to be robbed while carrying someone else’s money is a classic theft scheme. As well, when she allegedly “came to” following the assault, she was not sitting in her car, but “standing up” with her “keys in her hand.” Maybe she did regain consciousness in stages, passing through a state similar to sleepwalking before becoming fully aware again. On the other hand, waking up in a car isn’t likely to draw much attention, but showing up in a parking lot, wandering around in a dazed state, will almost certainly create a few believable witnesses who will remember having “found” a crime victim. Sure enough, several weeks later the toxicology reports concerning tests run on blood and urine samples taken from Ms. Johnson immediately after the alleged attack did not indicate the presence of any unusual or abnormal substance in her system. The case remained officially open, but this one smelled like a scam cooked up by Ms. Johnson to abscond with her employer’s money. Now, in true urban legend fashion, this tale has gone from a news report of an alleged victim’s unsubstantiated story to a general warning that this sort of thing might happen to you to a specific warning that this type of robbery is actually happening. It isn’t happening though, and it probably never did, not even once. It’s interesting to see how little occurrences that aren’t even part of the scenario described are now being reported as evidence of narrow brushes with these non-existent robbers. For example, the following was prefaced to one e-mailed example: Some of you got this email some weeks ago like me. I just wanted to pass along that I was approached yesterday afternoon at around 3:30 p.m. in the Wal-Mart parking lot at Forest Drive by 2 males asking what kind of perfume I was wearing. I didn’t stop to answer them and kept walking toward the store. At the same time I remembered this email. The men continued to stand between parked cars — I guess to wait on someone else to hit on. I stopped a lady going toward them, pointed at them, and told her what they might ask and NOT to let them get near her. When that happened, the men and a lady (I don’t know where she came from!) started walking the other way toward their car parked in far corner of the parking lot. I thank Jane Shirey for passing this along — it might have saved me from a robbery. I’m passing this along to you’all so you can warn the women in your life to watch out for this … Now, men asking passing women about the perfume they’re wearing isn’t at all the same thing as crooks using rigged perfume bottles to knock out their victims. The fact is, some companies (such as Scentura) do hire people to sell perfume door-to-door or in parking lots, and some of these salespeople do indeed work in pairs, pitch their wares from cars, and employ aggressive sales tactics (which include approaching women and asking them what kind of perfume they have on). But now that this legend is circulating, people dutifully report any sighting of perfume-selling strangers in parking lots as “proof” of this fictional crime wave of ether-bearing robbers being real. Indeed, we routinely receive e-mails from women who have had encounters with folks vending perfume in parking lots and who have concluded (based on nothing but spurious rumor) that they were about to be robbed. They write to report we’re all wrong about this sort of robbery not taking place because hadn’t they themselves almost had it happen to them? That no “knockout potions” were offered to them and no robberies (completed or attempted) took place does little to dissuade them from their certainty that they came within a hair’s breadth of harm at the hands of some innocent freelance perfume sellers. We wrote the original article about this rumor in 2000. As far along as April 2006, Alabama police were still having to field reports on this non-existent form of crime and inform the public that it’s a hoax: Police are debunking as a hoax reports of a man trying to use ether to abduct a young girl outside Eastdale Mall. Capt. Huey Thornton said the report, generated in an e-mail circulating throughout Montgomery, is false. Thornton said the people named in the e-mail asserted their daughter was approached by a man outside the mall, but that details of the e-mail have been “significantly embellished.” The e-mail states that investigators told the couple a man posing as a perfume salesman had asked other young girls to “smell the perfume on his hand,” which turned out to be ether. “The Montgomery Police Department is not familiar with any cases in the city where a subject matching the description in the e-mail has approached anyone posing as a perfume salesman or any cases where ether has been involved.” Since 2000 (when we wrote our original article), we’ve been keeping our ears and eyes open for news of any instances of this sort of robbery happening in real life. So far, the closest thing to arise is a July 2008 case in a town in Louisiana. In Houma, Louisiana, a woman named Patches Wegmann was arrested after two men she plied with cologne claimed to have suffered ill effects from what she’d had them breathe in. The first said she accosted him, sprayed a cologne sample on a piece of paper, and waved it under his nose. Subsequently, after he returned to work, he passed out, his symptoms including dizziness, shortness of breath, and numbness in his extremities. The second said the cologne’s fumes left him feeling light-headed, and it irritated his skin. Wegmann was charged with second-degree battery and unlawful solicitation, but the battery charge has to do with forcing perfume samples upon unwilling parties, not because there was anything necessarily noxious in the substance she forced upon them. The incident remains under investigation, and authorities say it’s not clear that anything other than perfume was sprayed on either man. In 2001 a false Internet rumor about seven women having died after sniffing perfume samples sent to them in the mail spread in the wake of the September 11 attacks. This newer rumor was a combination of two older and equally baseless scares: the 1999 “perfume robbers” tale (which is the topic of the article above) and the 2000 Klingerman Virus warning about blue virus-laden sponges mailed in envelopes marked “A gift for you from the Klingerman Foundation” which supposedly caused 23 deaths. The 2001 “deadly perfume samples” rumor brought into play the specter of lurking terrorists using the U.S. mail system to murder the innocent in a women-targeted replay of the anthrax mailings horror. The “deadly perfume samples” rumor is distinct and indeed far removed from the “perfume robbers” one, yet folks are prone to confuse the two because they both use the word ‘perfume.’ Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Fact Checker: David Mikkelson Featured Image: Shutterstock Published: Mar 1st, 2000 Updated: Apr 11th, 2017 Hot off the press, straight to your inbox View All Featured Video DidPresidentObama‘Stiff’theWrongWaiter? Fact Check Fake News Apr 7th, 2017 A fake news item claimed President Obama failed to tip a prominent Chicago businessman filling in as a waiter at Lawry's. View All Most Searched 2K Did Ben Carson Discover $500 Billion in Accounting Errors at HUD? Fact Check Apr 7th, 2017 An audit of Housing and Urban Development's books was carried out by the Office of the Inspector General and found an aggregate of billions in accounting errors. 51 United States Launches Missile Strikes in Syria News Political News Apr 6th, 2017 Dozens of missiles were deployed against a military airfield in an abrupt policy change by the Trump administration. 0 Prayer Request: Child Shot by Nail Gun Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated A prayer request about a 22-month-old child who shot himself in the heart with a nail gun is several years old. 0 Man Found Dead in Belly of Python? News Tragedies Mar 29th, 2017 Police in Indonesia say that a missing man's body was discovered inside a seven-meter-long python. 5 Passenger Dragged by Force From a United Flight News Apr 10th, 2017 Airport police bloodied a man's lip as they pulled him out of his seat to make room for United employees flying standby. View All Most Shared 23K Chair of House Science Committee Says the Journal ‘Science’ Is Not Objective News Political News Mar 29th, 2017 Chairman Lamar Smith dismissed commentary presented during testimony on climate change because it came from the journal Science — one of the oldest and most prestigious scientific publications in existence. 2K Did Ben Carson Discover $500 Billion in Accounting Errors at HUD? Fact Check Apr 7th, 2017 An audit of Housing and Urban Development's books was carried out by the Office of the Inspector General and found an aggregate of billions in accounting errors. 4K Is President Donald Trump Considering Resignation? Fact Check Mar 31st, 2017 A number of web sites are citing a tweet about President's Trump's possible resignation that contains only hearsay. 120K Executive Salaries in Charities Fact Check Business Updated An article that compares the salaries of top executives of several large charitable organizations is mostly outdated and inaccurate. 57K Bananas Injected with HIV-Infected Blood? Fact Check Food Updated Photographs show discolored bananas that have likely fallen prey to a fungus, not to being injected with HIV-infected human blood. More from Snopes What’s New Hot 50 Random About Us Fact Check FAQ News Glossary RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK Copy this http://www.snopes.com/crime/warnings/perfume.asp ×
Thursday, April 13th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Man shot in back tonight, dropped off at St.... 11:22 p.m. Wed Penguins top Blue Jackets in playoff opener 10:58 p.m. Wed Beaver Twp. neighborhood, firefighters shake... 10:55 p.m. Wed Poland park bursting with daffodils 10:55 p.m. Wed In this family, dad, 2 brothers dead from dr... 10:55 p.m. Wed Trumbull commissioners join counterparts sta... 10:55 p.m. Wed Judge Sweeney: This defendant must be shackled 10:55 p.m. Wed all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Real tax reform needed | Print Tweet Published: Thu, April 13, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. By Dean Baker Los Angeles Times President Donald Trump and Congress will soon take up the job of reforming the tax code, with particular attention to corporate taxes. Since a substantial portion of the corporate income tax is paid by wealthy shareholders, many of us are concerned that “reform” actually means reducing the tax burden for the 1 percent – and leaving a larger burden for the rest of us. But the need for true reform is real. Although the corporate tax rate is 35 percent, companies generally pay around 23 percent. Giant loopholes save companies money, deprive the government of money, and create money for people in the tax avoidance industry. Exotic schemes to game the system are constantly in the news. Take, for example, the corporate inversion strategy, in which a U.S. company arranges to be taken over by a foreign company in order to eliminate its liability on overseas profits. These takeovers generate large fees for the accountants and lawyers who engineer the process without improving the broader economy. “Dead peasant” insurance policies, made famous by the documentarian Michael Moore, are another example. In that scheme, huge companies like Wal-Mart take out insurance policies on their front line workers, such as checkout clerks, to smooth out their profit flows and reduce their tax liability. If a worker dies, the company gets the payout, not the individual or his family. Someone undoubtedly got very rich dreaming up dead peasant policies but, again, this financial innovation does not contribute to economic growth. Private equity industry Perhaps the greatest scheme of all is the private equity industry, which loads firms with debt. Because the interest on that debt is tax deductible, private equity firms can make large profits even if they’ve done nothing to improve a company’s performance. Incidentally, many of the richest people in the country made their fortune in private equity, including folks like Mitt Romney, Pete Peterson, and many other prominent billionaires or near-billionaires. If the tax reformers are serious, and I hope they are, here’s one simple way to largely eliminate the gaming opportunities that have made these people rich. Instead of traditional taxes, the government could require corporations to turn over a portion of their stock, say 25 percent, in the form of non-voting shares. The government would benefit from any dividends or share buybacks but would have no voice in running the company. This system would eliminate almost all opportunities for gaming since a company would not be able to deny the government its share of profits unless it also withheld profits from its other shareholders. And we would not call that “tax avoidance” but outright theft. Many companies might actually embrace this system. They would save a huge amount of money on accounting and bookkeeping, and they wouldn’t have to take the tax code into consideration when they decided their accounting procedures for long-term investments. They could simply do what makes the most sense for them. (Publicly traded companies could be required to give the government non-voting shares, with private companies allowed to choose between this system or a higher tax rate.) Don’t bet on the Republicans looking in this direction – the potential losers from these reforms, after all, are probably rich people who vote Republican. Dean Baker is the co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research. He wrote this for the Los Angeles Times. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. Other stories of interest United considers its passengers expendable, as video clip shows Ending ‘catch & release’ GOP is suddenly nervous about special congressional elections Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories Editorial Cartoons April 9-15 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate No smileys: Crackdown leaves cellphone-using drivers frowning Local agencies join forces as part of statewide traffic enforcement emphasis targeting distracted driving A motorist is stopped by police for talking on a cellphone while driving Wednesday in Vancouver. (Amanda Cowan/The Columbian) Washington State Patrol Sgt. Jason Cuthbert is reflected in the window of a car as he issues a distracted driving ticket Wednesday afternoon in east Vancouver. (Photos by Amanda Cowan/The Columbian) Officer Ed Michaels, of the Battle Ground Police Department, watches for distracted drivers in southeast Vancouver on Wednesday afternoon, as part of a multi-agency effort to crack down on cellphone use behind the wheel. By Andy Matarrese, Columbian Breaking News Reporter Published: April 12, 2017, 10:01 PM A   A Officer Ed Michaels surprised several drivers Wednesday afternoon, walking up as they were stopped at the intersection of Mill Plain Boulevard and Southeast 190th Avenue, near Wal-Mart. He couldn’t help but smile about it. “They’ll drive right up next to me, and not even notice that I’m right there because they’re not paying attention,” he said, after asking one driver to pull into a nearby parking lot to have a chat with another officer. Instead, they all were fiddling with their phones. Michaels, from the Battle Ground Police Department, and other officers from around the county contacted 203 drivers that afternoon as part of a statewide traffic enforcement emphasis to combat distracted driving, funded through the Washington Traffic Safety Commission. Twelve drivers were ticketed. The fine for cellphone use while driving is $124. The other 191 left with warnings. That day, two plainclothes officers hung out at different ends of Mill Plain, around Southeast 194th Avenue. They’d watch for drivers talking or texting, then radio what they saw to an officer down the street, who’d flag the drivers down at an intersection. Vancouver, Battle Ground and Washougal police officers participated in Wednesday’s efforts, as well as the Washington State Patrol. “Most people are OK with it,” said Vancouver Sgt. Therese Kubala. “We’ve had a couple people who are really upset by it, but we have to educate them and say, ‘You know, this is the law.’ ” In general, she said, people seemed to appreciate the extra patrols, and understood why officers were out there. It’s difficult to consistently assess whether a crashed driver was on the phone at the time, she said, but those numbers seem to be rising. According to the state department of transportation, Washington saw more than 12,000 crashes last year connected to driver distraction, with 77 of them fatal. In 2010, distraction contributed to about 7,000 crashes, 15 of them fatal. Part of the problem, Kubala said, is people tend to live in their own bubbles of experience, as opposed to cops like her, who see all the rear-end crashes, and worse, caused by not paying attention while behind the wheel. A visit from a cop, she said, “just brings it to light: ‘Hey, you shouldn’t be messing with that phone.’ ” She said officers on Wednesday stopped one driver who was texting on an iPad tablet he had sitting in his passenger seat. Recently, a state senator told her about seeing, on the way to Olympia, a driver watching a video on a tablet resting on the steering wheel. “We’ve got people doing some really strange things with those electronic devices,” Kubala said.   Andy Matarrese Columbian Breaking News Reporter  360-735-4457  @col_cops  Send an Email Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Canadian Press» World Mother pleads guilty in death of son, 3; agrees to testify Add to ... WEST CHESTER, Pa. — The Associated Press Published Wednesday, Apr. 12, 2017 10:16PM EDT Last updated Wednesday, Apr. 12, 2017 10:16PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print A woman charged in the beating death of her young son has pleaded guilty to murder and agreed to testify against her former boyfriend in his upcoming capital murder trial. Jillian Tait also pleaded guilty Wednesday to conspiracy to commit murder and child endangerment in 3-year-old Scott McMillan's November 2014 death, which prosecutors called a "horror story." Prosecutors said the plea agreement will spare the 33-year-old Tait a possible death sentence and she will be a "critical witness" in the September murder trial of 25-year-old Gary Lee Fellenbaum III. They said Tait had accepted responsibility and, while her actions may have contributed to Scott's death in Coatesville, Fellenbaum's actions caused it. "Essentially, your honour, the defendant will act as a living adult witness to what happened in that trailer," First Assistant District Attorney Michael Noone said. The couple had met working at a Wal-Mart several months earlier and moved in together in a mobile home park along with Fellenbaum's estranged wife, Tait's 6- and 3-year-old children and the Fellenbaums' 11-month-old daughter. District Attorney Thomas Hogan in 2014 called the case "an American horror story," saying what started as spankings morphed into "concentrated, repeated, escalating abuse" and then over a three-day period the victim "was systematically tortured and beaten to death." "Scott McMillan had been punched and beaten with blunt and sharp objects, whipped, taped to a chair with electrical tape and beaten, hung up by his feet and beaten and suffered other acts of violence," authorities alleged in court papers. Prosecutors also alleged the couple went car shopping, bought pizza and engaged in sexual activity as the boy lay dying after weeks of escalating abuse. Defence attorney Laurence Harmelin said Tait "is looking forward to putting the matter behind her." "She will have a lot more to say at sentencing," the attorney said. Fellenbaum's mother said in 2014 he was a good son and she didn't believe he beat the little boy to death. "I believe he's being railroaded," Paula Fellenbaum said then. "He liked kids. He never had an issue. I don't understand it at all." This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$73.44 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 12 4:01 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Coatesville Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump News United Airlines deals with fallout after passenger forcibly removed Report on Business Poloz warns about increased speculation in the Toronto housing market News Spicer: 'I made a mistake' with Hitler comparison News Islamic terrorists are ‘not Muslim anymore’: Malala Yousafzai News Daily Mail to pay Melania Trump damages over modeling claims News Trump calls Assad an 'animal,' blasts Russia Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four personal finance books millennials should read Globe Drive New York International Auto Show revs up excitement Technology Toyota launches robot leg system to help keep elderly mobile News Donna the elephant gets an audience with the Queen ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business OSC alleges securities-law violations in Amaya probe Arts Calgary Opera director says he quit production over selection of white singer Most popular What Canada’s doctors are concerned about ahead of marijuana legalization April 13: Your daily horoscope BoC’s Poloz issues warning about speculation in Toronto housing market ‘I stand with girls’: Malala Yousafzai, now an honorary Canadian, urges Ottawa to act Leah McLaren: Death might seem frightening, but so does an empty eternal life X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home Expat Country Forums All Expat Forums Australia Forum Britain Forum Canada Forum Cyprus Forum Dubai Forum Egypt Forum France Forum Germany Forum Greece Forum HK Forum Italy Forum Japan Forum Mexico Forum NZ Forum Philippines Forum Portugal Forum Singapore Forum Spain Forum SA Forum Thailand Forum Turkey Forum USA Forum Rest of the World Expat Country News All Expat News Australia News Britain News Canada News Cyprus News Dubai News Egypt News France News Germany News Greece News HK News Italy News Japan News NZ News Philippines News Portugal News Singapore News Spain News SA News Thailand News Turkey News USA News Expat Misc News Register Contact Information About Terms Privacy Premium Subscription Authors Contact   Expat Forum For People Moving Overseas And Living Abroad > Americas > Mexico Expat Forum for Expats Living in Mexico Planning for retirement in Mexico. Have many questions. User Name Remember Me? Password Register FAQ Community Links Social Groups Pictures & Albums Contacts & Friends Members List Calendar Today's Posts Search Show Threads   Show Posts Tag Search Advanced Search Join Today Mexico Expat Forum for Expats Living in Mexico With an area of two million square kilometers, Mexico is the fifth largest country in the Americas and has a larger population of US and Canadian expats than any other country. Go to Page... Planning for retirement in Mexico. Have many questions.   Subscribe to this Thread Thread Tools   #1 (permalink)   Today, 02:59 AM guittarzzan New Member   Join Date: Apr 2017 Location: Portland, Or Posts: 4 Rep Power: 0 Originally from usa. Expat in mexico. Planning for retirement in Mexico. Have many questions. Hi everyone, I just joined and I thank you in advance for letting me pick your brains for info. I'm retiring from UPS in 6 years and am going to buy or build a home (not a condo) somewhere in Mexico. Right now, I'm just doing a bunch of researching to try and narrow down my possible locations to one or two. I am currently looking at the Puerto Vallarta area and pretty much everywhere from Progreso down to Chetumal. I was very excited about Lake Chapala until I learned that there are a bunch of shallow water hazards etc and not really safe for boating/waverunners etc. Beautiful, but I'd like to be able to use the lake and not just look at it. I'm hoping you guys can help me narrow my search a bit and answer a few questions. My must have's are: -beautiful view of the ocean. Doesn't have to be beachfront, just a great view -Must be within 20-30 minutes of major shopping like Walmart or Costco or similar. -Must be within 20-30 minutes of a good variety of restaurants -Must be within 45 minutes of an international airport -MUST be able to obtain hurricane/flood/wind insurance on the property -Must be in a safe area -Must be within 15 minutes of a safe, swimmable beach or bay etc. -Must be able to buy or build a very nice home on a large lot for under $600k US Ok, so here are my questions so far: -Can you recommend a good homeowner's insurance company so I can get some rough estimates on cost to insure a home in different parts of mexico? I'm trying to figure out if hurricane insurance will be cost prohibitive for me in some parts of the country so I'd like to figure this out before spending too much time looking at real estate. If I can't insure it at a reasonable price, I don't want to live there. -For those of you who live on or within a few hundred meters of the ocean, would you share with me your rough home value and what you pay annually for homeowner/s and/or hurricane isurance? Condos are different so I'm mainly interested in single family home prices. -For those of you who have built a new home in Mexico, what advice would you give someone planning to do the same? -For those of you who've had to pay to bring utilities to your lot, can you tell me roughly the length of the utility lines brought in and roughly what it cost you? -Do you feel that the building standards in Mexico are of good quality and that I could have a home built on a steep slope and have confidence that the builders are putting the proper footing and foundation in? -What planning/research do you wish you had done before moving to Mexico that you would recommend I do? Thanks again and I'm sure I'll have many more questions as time goes on. cheers, Steve   #2 (permalink)   Today, 03:31 AM guittarzzan New Member   Join Date: Apr 2017 Location: Portland, Or Posts: 4 Rep Power: 0 Originally from usa. Expat in mexico. Forgot to ask: Given my "must have" list, what cities/towns come to mind that fit that criteria? Also, I just got an online quote from IIG for a $550k house within 500 meters of the ocean. It covered hurricanes and earthquakes and costs $4,700 per year. Wow that is not cheap. Is that consistent with your experience insuring your home in Mexico?   #3 (permalink)   Today, 04:04 AM eastwind Member   Join Date: Jun 2016 Location: Cancun Posts: 215 Rep Power: 0 63 likes received 28 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in mexico. Everyone here is going to tell you the same thing: rent for a year before you buy. That's going to make selling your old home and moving sooo much simpler, on top of providing insurance against making a huge mistake. Real estate in Mexico is very very hard to sell, especially high-end places. With regard to hurricane insurance, I think you're better off self-insuring. (Re-)construction costs are a lot cheaper here than the US. Just make sure you're more than 30 feet above sea level and spend that first $4700 wind-proofing your place. Put the second $4700 in the bank and leave it there.     #4 (permalink)   Today, 04:34 AM guittarzzan New Member   Join Date: Apr 2017 Location: Portland, Or Posts: 4 Rep Power: 0 Originally from usa. Expat in mexico. Thanks for the tips. I am planning on renting in the areas I'm considering for a while to get a feel for the towns and proximity to things like groceries etc. I've worked my butt off my whole life for this next big move so I won't be doing it without spending some time in the town before committing. If I go by the 30ft above sea level rule you suggested, I think that rules out pretty much everywhere on the Caribbean side unless I'm missing something. It seems like I keep coming back to liking the hills above Puerto Vallarta as having a nice combination of ocean views and safe from flooding. Not sure about landslides/mudslides on those hills, but I have more research to do. I love the idea of being on the Caribbean side, but all the wonderful ocean front lots I've looked at seem like they'd be decimated by another Wilma etc. thanks, steve vBulletin Message   Cancel Changes Quick Reply The following errors occurred with your submission Okay Message: Options Quote message in reply? Register Now In order to be able to post messages on the Expat Forum For People Moving Overseas And Living Abroad forums, you must first register. Please enter your desired user name, your email address and other required details in the form below. User Name: Password Please enter a password for your user account. Note that passwords are case-sensitive. Password: Confirm Password: Email Address Please enter a valid email address for yourself. Email Address: Location Where you live Expat From Country Please select the country you originate from. This will appear as a flag when you make posts on the site. afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaandorraangolaantiguabarbudaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia_herzegovinabotswanabrazilbruneibulgariaburkinafasoburmaburundcambodiacamerooncanadacentralafricanrepchadchilechinacolombiacomoroscongocostaricacroatiacubacyprusczechrepublicdemrepcongodenmarkdjiboutildominicadominicanrepdubaiecuadoregyptelsalvadoenglandeq_guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafijifinlandfrancegabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagreecegrenadagrenadinesguatemalaguineabissauguinealguyanahaitihondurashong_konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyivorycoastjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonliberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacedoniamacaumadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamauritaniamauritiusmexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamoroccomozambiquenamibianaurunepalneth_antillesnetherlandsnewzealandnicaraguanigernigerianorth_koreanorwayomanpalestinepakistanpanamapapuanewguineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalpuertoricoqatarrawandaromaniarussiasao_tomesaudiarabiascotlandsenegalserbiaseychellessierraleonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon_islandssomaliasouth_koreasouthafricaspainsrilankastkitts_nevisstluciasudansurinameswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotongatrinidadandtobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistantuvalauaeugandaukukraineuruguayusaussruzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamwaleswestern_samoayemenyugoslaviazairezambiazimbabwe Expat To Country Please select the country you have either moved to or want to relocate to. This will be presented on the site when you make posts. afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaandorraangolaantiguabarbudaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia_herzegovinabotswanabrazilbruneibulgariaburkinafasoburmaburundcambodiacamerooncanadacentralafricanrepchadchilechinacolombiacomoroscongocostaricacroatiacubacyprusczechrepublicdemrepcongodenmarkdjiboutildominicadominicanrepdubaiecuadoregyptelsalvadoenglandeq_guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafijifinlandfrancegabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagreecegrenadagrenadinesguatemalaguineabissauguinealguyanahaitihondurashong_konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyivorycoastjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonliberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacadoniamacaumadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamauritaniamauritiusmexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamoroccomozambiquenamibianaurunepalneth_antillesnetherlandsnewzealandnicaraguanigernigerianorth_koreanorwayomanpalestinepakistanpanamapapuanewguineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalpuertoricoqatarrawandaromaniarussiasao_tomesaudiarabiascotlandsenegalserbiaseychellessierraleonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon_islandssomaliasouth_koreasouthafricaspainsrilankastkitts_nevisstluciasudansurinameswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotongatrinidadandtobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistantuvalauaeugandaukukraineuruguayusaussruzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamwaleswestern_samoayemenyugoslaviazairezambiazimbabwe Log-in User Name Remember Me? Password Human Verification In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic.  Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait « U.S. cellphone service-- Minimal options?. | Introduction to the forum - Tell us about yourself » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Posting Rules You may post new threads You may post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Trackbacks are Off Pingbacks are Off Refbacks are Off Forum Rules Similar Threads Thread Thread Starter Forum Replies Last Post Planning for retirement Carmonli Expat Tax 4 12th December 2016 02:07 AM Planning retirement at 43 Agem25 Spain Expat Forum for Expats Living in Spain 4 5th November 2013 11:08 PM Planning Retirement Milster62 Spain Expat Forum for Expats Living in Spain 2 3rd June 2013 11:24 AM Planning a retirement to France and have some questions jmkoilers France Expat Forum for Expats Living in France 2 3rd May 2013 12:59 PM FORUM PARTNERS ExpatForum.com is owned and operated by VerticalScope Inc. Retiring Overseas Guides | Moving Overseas Guides | Cost of Living | Health Care Guides All times are GMT. The time now is 07:01 AM. Mexico Forum Links Mexico Forum Home Unanswered Posts La Chatarreria Mexico Classifieds Mexico Expat News Moving Quotes To Mexico Currency Exchange Find Information You Need Forum Navigation Forum Home Today's Posts Advanced Search Expat News Stories Australasia Australia Expat Forum NZ Expat Forum Europe Britain Expat Forum Cyprus Expat Forum France Expat Forum Germany Expat Forum Greece Expat Forum Italy Expat Forum Netherlands Expat Forum Portugal Expat Forum Spain Expat Forum Turkey Expat Forum Middle East Dubai Expat Forum Israel Expat Forum UAE Expat Forum Other Middle East Countries Forum North America USA Expat Forum Canada Expat Forum Mexico Expat Forum Asia China Expat Forum HK Expat Forum India Expat Forum Indonesia Expat Forum Japan Expat Forum Malaysia Expat Forum Philippines Expat Forum Singapore Expat Forum Thailand Expat Forum Africa Egypt Expat Forum SA Expat Forum South America Argentina Expat Forum Brazil Expat Forum Member Navigation New Posts Unanswered Threads My Control Panel View Private Messages Send Private Message Edit Your Profile Edit Your Avatar Edit Your Signature Premium Subscription Forum Rules Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Go Premium For Only $19 To list and sell your products or services, get instant access to private messages, post links, larger avatars, promotional signatures and more for only $19/month. Upgrade Now Contact Us - Advertise - Expat Forum - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, vBulletin Solutions, Inc. Search Engine Friendly URLs by vBSEO vBulletin Security provided by vBSecurity v2.2.2 (Pro) - vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2017 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. « Back Terms of Use  
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List N03 Tanjung Datu By-Election BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who WORLD › NEWS Ecuador Leads Way In Battling Tax Havens As US Fails To Act QUITO, April 13 (BERNAMA-NNN-TELESUR)--Top U.S. companies stashed a staggering US$1.6 trillion in tax havens, a practice that also sucks US$100 billion annually from poor nations, according to a new report from Oxfam. While U.S. President Donald Trump's promise to "drain the swamp" appears to have fallen on deaf ears, Ecuador's efforts to combat tax havens continue to set world standards. According to Oxfam's report "Rigged Reform," 50 of the biggest U.S. companies including Exxon Mobil, General Electric, Microsoft, Apple and Wal-Mart stashed a US$1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens. Apple was ranked the top company, as it was able to move US$200 billion offshore. Since its 2016 report on tax havens, Oxfam said that these corporations "have deepened their use of tax havens and boosted their investments in building political influence to push for even greater tax breaks than they already enjoy." While the practice of moving money offshore is legal and has become standard practice for large corporations, it still creates considerable a burden for those outside the upper echelons of wealth, particularly for developing countries. The report cited U.N. estimates that tax dodging practices by multinationals stripped US$100 billion every year from poor countries, stifling their ability to invest in schools, hospitals and vital infrastructure to help reduce poverty and underdevelopment. Developing countries are also more reliant on taxing large businesses to form their national budgets, compared to richer countries. Revenue loss to developing countries sits 30 percent higher than for OECD countries because of the moving of profits, according to the International Monetary Fund. Oxfam reported that the US$100 billion lost annually from poor countries amounts to four times what the 47 least developed countries spend on education and could provide safer water to more than 2.2 billion people. Amid the greed of profit shifting activities and on the back of last year's Panama Paper's scandal, there is an increasing awareness that the practice is immoral and unethical. Ecuador is one country where this has been most apparent. Coinciding with the first round of the country's presidential election in February, voters were asked in a referendum "Do you agree that, for those holding a popularly elected office or for public servants, there should be a prohibition on holding assets or capital, of any nature, in tax havens?" The vote passed, making Ecuador the first state in the world to ban officials in public office from having assets or capital in tax havens. According to outgoing President Rafael Correa, Ecuador's rich have stashed US$30 billion - one-third of the country's GDP - outside of Ecuador. It is estimated that cutting out offshore haven and tax dodging practices has the potential of lifting 32 million people out of poverty across Latin America. "Ecuadorean companies that generate wealth and then take it out of their own country, that may be legal, but it will always be unethical and immoral," Correa said ahead of the referendum. In contrast to Ecuador, Donald Trump's election promise to "drain the swamp" from corporate lobbying and donations and fix the "rigged tax" system seems to have all but disappeared. "Rather than 'Drain the Swamp,' proposed reforms have empowered a group of power special interests, corporate lobbyists and front groups to game the tax code in ways that will harm working families, deepen the inequality crisis," Oxfam said. "The president and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few," said Oxfam Senior Advisor Robbie Silverman. According to the Oxfam report, for every US$1 dollar that the 50 biggest U.S. companies spend on lobbying, they receive US$1,200 in tax breaks. It also noted that several of these companies were involved in powerful lobbying coalitions to pressure governments for more favourable tax regulations, where "gains will go disproportionately to the wealthiest 1 percent." --BERNAMA-NNN-TELESUR >> Newslist Previous Top Stories PM Happy With Progress Of Sendayan Air Base Development - Hishammuddin Najib Arrives For Visit To Sendayan Air Base Kim Jong-nam: 2 Accused Brought To Sepang Court Under Heavy Guard Other News Headlines Zambry Advises Losers To Stay Out Of GE14- politic BNM Allows Investors, Issuers MGS Short-selling- business JDT Beat Kelantan 3-2, Regain Lead In Super League- sports Public Still Ignorant Of Rights Under Civil Laws- features Thailand General Election To Be Held Next Year - PM Prayut- world Most Read News PM Najib Impressed By USIM Arabic Debaters' Oratory Skills PM Happy With Progress Of Sendayan Air Base Development - Hishammuddin May 30 For Remention Of Kim Jong-nam Murder Case Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2017 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 13, 2017 3:01 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement More production, more jobs? CMU pitches businesses on robotics in manufacturing April 13, 2017 12:00 AM Lake Fong/Post-Gazette “Our mission, at a very high level, is establishing leadership in this area,” Gary Fedder, interim CEO of the ARM Institute, said Wednesday at the National Robotics Engineering Center (NREC) in Lawrenceville. “We want to lower the barrier for the companies to adopt this technology” while also “empowering the American worker” to find open positions. Lake Fong/Post-Gazette Jay Douglass, chief operating officer of the ARM Institute, talks with Mayor Bill Peduto Wednesday in Lawrenceville. Lake Fong/Post-Gazette From left, interim CEO Gary Fedder, CTO Howie Choset and COO Jay Douglass of the Advanced Robotics Manufacturing Institute. By Daniel Moore / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette At the National Robotics Engineering Center in Lawrenceville, two decades of robotics research is on display in the 28 gleaming plaques on the wall: inscribed patents for pieces of technology invented at Carnegie Mellon University.  Now, flush with government money and commitments from private industry, a nonprofit founded at the school is embarking on a new mission: selling the value of robotics and automation to American manufacturing. The Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Institute, called the ARM Institute, hosted more than 200 people from across the country on Wednesday at the cavernous research center for the ambitious undertaking’s first membership recruitment meeting. Over two-day discussions, the attendees — large corporations like Airbus and Wal-Mart, schools like Texas A&M University, workforce development agencies like Catalyst Connection — will begin to hammer out agreements that the institute hopes will lead to at least $173 million in private funding. That money is in addition to $80 million secured in January from the U.S. Department of Defense, a grant that got the nonprofit off the ground.  The staggering scale of the institute is appropriate for the challenge: how to use robotics to make American manufacturing more competitive with other countries while continuing to grow good-paying jobs. Wednesday’s opening session — the first public event since the grant was announced in January — gave prospective members an overview of how the massive group could benefit them.  “Our mission, at a very high level, is establishing leadership in this area,” said Gary Fedder, interim CEO of the ARM Institute. “We want to lower the barrier for the companies to adopt this technology” while also “empowering the American worker” to find open positions.  Mr. Fedder said the automotive industry, which has experienced a steady rise in robotic control of production lines, has seen its workforce grow to more than 900,000 people, up from 650,000 about a decade ago. (But employment levels still sit below the 1.3 million auto workers employed in the early 2000s, according to government statistics.) “Don’t let people tell you we're losing jobs in manufacturing,” Mr. Fedder said. “We'd certainly like to see that slope increase, and that’s what this institute is trying to do.” The private commitments of $173 million were estimated from 231 letters of support that the institute received when applying for federal funding. Mr. Fedder said 84 large companies have signed on, along with 35 to 40 smaller businesses and startups; 35 universities; 10 community colleges; and “a host” of nonprofits. In terms of money, universities and community colleges have spent $88 million to the companies’ $41 million, according to numbers showed by Mr. Fedder. “This is a competition, now,” he said, a bit tongue-in-cheek. “The companies really have to stand up.” Jay Douglass, chief operating officer, shared the membership tiers for industry and nonprofit. A top-level “platinum” member agrees to pay $100,000 in cash and $250,000 in contributions of goods or services each year. Those amounts lessen with gold, silver and bronze memberships, the latter of which requires $5,000 in cash and $10,000 in contributions. On the education and nonprofit side, the top membership level requires $15,000 in cash and $200,000 in contributions. In exchange, members get exclusive access to all the perks of pooling together research, Mr. Douglass said. This includes the opportunity to pitch projects that could benefit industry as a whole; workforce development initiatives drawn up at the institute; and intellectual property rights for products developed at shared facilities affiliated with the institute. The institute has received nearly two dozen platinum commitments, including Airbus Americas, the Virginia-based commercial aircraft company. John O’Leary, vice president of engineering, said he hopes the institute can quicken the pace of manufacturing as Airbus faces an eight-year backlog of aircraft production the company is trying to speed through.  “Our supply chain is running completely flat out,” Mr. O’Leary said. “We are actively looking for ways to automate the value chain process, and robotics is part of that. ... I don’t think the company sees robotics as an ‘if.’” One interested start-up company is RE2 Robotics, a developer of robotic arms for mobile ground and underwater robots. Since it spun out from Carnegie Mellon University in 2001, its primary customer has been the Defense Department, said founder Jorgen Pedersen.  “How might we be able to adapt this technology to solve manufacturing needs? That’s why I’m here,” Mr. Pedersen said.  On the flip side, advances in manufacturing could help reduce his own costs with making the robots, he said. “It’s an awesome, self-licking ice cream cone,” he said.  Mayor Bill Peduto spoke at the outset of the meeting, stressing the human element of robotics development. “Today we stand at the next step, bringing manufacturing and technology research together to change the world,” Mr. Peduto said that while companies are aiming to “automate all aspects of our life,” they have a “moral obligation” to respect the rights of workers who stand to be displaced. Mr. Peduto has become more critical of ride-hailing company Uber’s treatment of workers and relationship with the city. Speaking with reporters separately, Mr. Peduto reiterated his call for Uber to sign a memorandum of understanding with the city to, among other things, classify its drivers as employees. Daniel Moore: dmoore@post-gazette.com, 412-263-2743 and Twitter @PGdanielmoore. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 73° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 73° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday because a dead bat was found in a packaged salad in Florida. Food & Drink April 09, 2017 8:03 AM Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after dead bat found inside By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday because a dead bat was found in a packaged salad in Florida. As the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s recall chart notes, if there’s the possibility of bat body parts, there’s a “minimal risk of rabies contamination.” The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it’s working with the FDA and the Florida Department of Health to investigate the situation. While Fresh Express’ recall notice tiptoes around the bat issue — “Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad” — the CDC had this to say on its website: “Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” The CDC did say the risk of rabies transmission is very low, but not zero, so the organization recommended the two eaters of the organic salad begin treatment as if they’d been exposed to rabies. Both report good health so far, according to the CDC. As for the recalled product, it comes in a five-ounce, clear container. The best-by date is April 14, 2017, with production code G089B19. Customers can toss it or return it to the Walmart of purchase. Those with questions can call the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center 800-242-5472 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. In addition to Florida, the salads went to Walmart stores in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago How to make a St. Patrick's Day drink 1:06 a month ago How to make a St. Patrick's Day drink 0:56 a month ago How to make an Irish coffee 1:15 a month ago Calle Ocho hosts croqueta-eating contest View More Video Food & Drink Almond problems get possible Passover dessert pulled off the shelves Will you drink to this? Delivery.com buys South Florida-based booze delivery startup Klink Johnson & Wales student, 19, already baking his way to small-business success Meet the ‘Chizza’ — a pizza with a fried chicken crust Taste wine like a pro with these tips Food & Drink Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Minn. police ramp up fight to keep drivers' eyes on the road Senators push United Airlines for answers on overbooking Trump declares US-Russia relations may be at 'all-time low' Mpls. Muslims protest 'sharia' vigilante in Cedar-Riverside area Child abuse reports soar across Minn., straining system Charges: Burnsville teacher had sex with student, sent explicit messages to another By that much: Wild puts 52 shots on net, can't convert in Game 1 OT loss Minn. nature center declares war on giant goldfish: 'We want to kill Dory' 'Survivor' contestant outed as transgender on primetime TV Timberwolves' young foundation facing a 'critical summer' What's so funny about aging? Minnesota seniors find vitality through improv next Blog 419259694 Paul Douglas on Weather Sliding Into a Soggier Pattern - Are Minnesota's Sirens Vulnerable to Radio-Hacking? By Paul Douglas April 12, 2017 — 9:20pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint More Puddles Brewing - But Nothing Severe Yet "April prepares her green traffic light and the world thinks Go" wrote Christopher Morley in "John Mistletoe." This time of year we get to flirt with warm fronts but early spring warmth is elusive. Then again, be careful what you wish for. As the thermometer rises so does the risk of severe thunderstorms. Amazingly, severe thunderstorms have been costlier than hurricanes here in the USA over the last decade. And 2017 is getting off to an inauspicious start: 5 separate billion dollar weather/climate disasters from January through March; the most since records began in 1980. NOAA reports 536 preliminary tornadoes in 2017, to date, the most on record so early in the season. I predict a lively severe storm season in Minnesota, especially May and June. Expect a ration of lukewarm sun today with low 60s. More showers return Friday into Saturday, even a clap of thunder, but any severe T-storms should pass off to our south - deeper in the warm, humid air. Sunday looks like the drier day of the weekend. Next week is Severe Weather Awareness Week in Minnesota. It's time to prepare.  Map credit: Preliminary tornado touchdowns in 2017, courtesy of NOAA SPC. Going...Going... True, the skiing will be good into early June from the Rockies westward to the Sierra Nevada. But snow is going fast, pockets of slush from northern Wisconsin into the U.P. of Michigan and northern New England. Map: NOAA. Relatively Quiet Spell. America sees a bit of a break in the severe thunderstorm department into the weekend, as heavy showers and T-storms lift across the Midwest into the Great Lakes Friday and Saturday. Soggy weather over the Pacific Northwest gives way to drier conditions and badly-needed sunshine over the weekend. Meteorologists can finally catch their breath. 84-hour 12 KM NAM: NOAA and Tropicaltidbits.com. Springy Spurts. No hot fronts brewing, not yet, but temperatures trend a few degrees above average the next 2 weeks, according to ECMWF. If the sun comes out Saturday (questionable) 70F is not out of the question in the Twin Cities. MSP Meteogram: WeatherBell. El Nino Threat Looms as Pacific Heats Up. Here's an excerpt from The Wall Street Journal: "An El Niño weather phenomenon will likely occur again this year as the Pacific Ocean heats up, Australia’s weather bureau said Tuesday, bringing potentially bad news for some of the world’s poorest regions. At the start of 2017, forecasters around the world were in general anticipating neutral weather conditions for this year. Now, all models that Australia’s Bureau of Meteorology uses in forecasting the naturally occurring phenomenon indicate an El Niño will form this year or in early 2018. The agency noted that parts of the eastern Pacific Ocean surface are already one degree Celsius (1.8 degrees Fahrenheit) warmer than normal..." Fewer Freezing Nights. The growing season is getting longer, nationwide. Here's an excerpt from Climate Central and WXshift: "The growing season is underway in parts of the U.S., primarily in the Southeast. As the world warms, the average date of that last spring freeze is occurring earlier in the year, extending that season. While the longer growing season does have some benefits, it also raises concerns about both agriculture and health. Consistently warmer weather helps pests survive longer while also stressing crops and potentially decreasing yields. Each crop thrives in a favored temperature range, so net warming can lead to a geographical shift in areas that have been historically productive for a particular crop. Correspondingly, higher overnight temperatures tend to reduce the productivity and quality of grains and fruits, which can drive up the cost of produce at the supermarket..." Sorry, Chicago. Nashville Was the USA's Windiest City in 2016. USA TODAY has details: "The windiest city in the U.S. in 2016 was Nashville, according to a yearly analysis of weather data from CoreLogic, a research and consulting firm. The city came in first among the nation's largest 279 metro areas, CoreLogic said. The ranking takes into account both the number of strong wind events as well as the total force caused by any severe wind gusts of 60 mph or more. Nashville had 21 wind-related events in 2016 and a maximum wind speed of 72 mph. It was followed by Reno, Jackson, Miss., Cincinnati and Columbia, S.C. , as the USA's windiest cities last year, according to CoreLogic. All of the USA's highest wind speeds in 2016 were recorded during Hurricane Matthew's rampage up the East Coast, with the highest being 101 mph, which was recorded at Kennedy Space Center on Oct. 6..." World Record Wind on April 12, 1934. The record at Mt. Washington held until 1996, when an unmanned weather instrument at Barrow Island, Australia measured a wind gust to 253 mph during Typhoon Olivia. More details from The Mount Washington Observatory: "...As the day wore on, winds grew stronger and stronger. Frequent values of 220 mph were recorded between 12:00 and 1:00 pm, with occasional gusts of 229 mph. Then, at 1:21 pm on April 12, 1934, the extreme value of 231 mph out of the southeast was recorded. This would prove to be the highest natural surface wind velocity ever officially recorded by means of an anemometer, anywhere in the world. "'Will they believe it?' was our first thought. I felt then the full responsibility of that startling measurement. Was my timing correct? Was the method OK? Was the calibration curve right? Was the stopwatch accurate?..."  – Log Book entry, Sal Pagliuca. Photo credit: "The Mt. Washington Auto Road Stage Office, where the Observatory was first established, with an anemometer mounted on the roof and thermometer housing mounted on the northern exterior wall." America's Flood Insurance System is Sinking. CBS News has the details: "Here’s some bad news for the 5 million Americans who have flood insurance policies: Premiums will rise an average 6.3 percent this year, according to the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). But this could be followed by even worse news when rates rise as much as 25 percent a year until the NFIP -- now $24 billion underwater and in debt -- becomes “actuarily sound.” It’s up to Congress to throw policyholders a life raft, which it has to do by Sept. 30, when the current program expires. Flooding nationwide caused by torrential downpours and tornadoes, has brought home to millions of Americans the need for flood insurance, many of whom were surprised to learn they didn’t have it. An estimated 43 percent thought it was included in their homeowners’ policies. It’s not..." File image: USGS. Tornado-Siren False Alarm Shows Radio-Hacking Risk. The Wall Street Journal has more on the recent hacking of the emergency sirens in Dallas: "...A hacker with understanding of radio technology and the right access to low-cost “software-defined radio” equipment could reproduce the Dallas siren attack elsewhere, said Chris Risley, the CEO of Bastille Networks Inc., a San Francisco company that specializes in radio-frequency security. A hacker might, for example, record the tones emitted during routine tests and then replay those tones to activate the system. “It could happen in other cities,” Mr. Risley said. Similar techniques were used as early as in the 1970s, when early hackers applied them to manipulate devices on telephone networks, security experts say..." Photo credit: "Roof rafters protrude over an upstairs bedroom torn away by a tornado in Garland, Texas, in December 2015. A tornado warning system was hacked in Dallas last week." Photo: Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News/Associated Press. NOAA Busts Tornado Myths. AL.com has a good selection of popular myths in need of debunking; here's an excerpt: "...The idea of opening windows and doors in the event of a tornado - an effort to "equalize pressure" is a waste of time, NOAA said. "Opening the windows is absolutely useless, a waste of precious time, and can be very dangerous. Don't do it. You may be injured by flying glass trying to do it. And if the tornado hits your home, it will blast the windows open anyway." If you're in your car when you see a tornado, get under a bridge or overpass. That's a really bad idea, according to NOAA. You could get hit by flying debris or even blown out from under the bridge. You're also creating another safety hazard by leaving your car on the side of the road..." (Map credit: EF-5 tornadoes since 1950: NOAA SPC). File photo from Albert Lea tornado on June 16, 2010 courtesy of meteorologist Aaron Shaffer. Palm Sunday 1965: Southern Great Lakes Ravaged by One of the Worst Tornado Outbreaks on Record. U.S. Tornadoes has a very good recap of that horrific day: "On April 11, 1965, and over a time span of approximately 12 hours, one of the most infamous tornado events in United States history took place across the Southern Great Lakes region. Commonly known as the Palm Sunday Tornado Outbreak (more precisely, the second Palm Sunday Tornado Outbreak, following one in 1920 and preceding another in 1994), numerous fast-moving tornadoes were unleashed upon the states of Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio. The twisters claimed over 260 lives, injuring thousands of others and causing hundreds of millions of dollars in damages. It was the worst tornado outbreak in Indiana’s history with nearly 140 killed in the state alone. In modern tornado history, this ranks second to the Super Outbreak of April 3-4, 1974 in terms of violent tornado count in a single North American outbreak, with 17 F4+ tornadoes..." Photo credit: "Famous picture of F4 tornado with two distinct funnels destroying the Midway Trailer Park near Dunlap, Indiana. Photo by Paul Huffman." (NWS Indianapolis, Indiana) Most Billion Dollar Weather/Climate Disasters in Q1 on Record. Here are a few interesting nuggets from NOAA's National Centers for Environmental Information that provide perspective on the severity of Q1 weather and climate events in the first 3 months of 2017 across the USA: "In the first three months of 2017 there have been five weather and climate disaster events with losses exceeding $1 billion each across the United States. These events included a flooding event, a freeze event, and three severe storm events collectively causing 37 fatalities. The number of billion-dollar events for January–March (five) is the largest number of first-quarter events in the 1980–present period of record and doubles the average number of events for January–March over the last 5 years (2.4 events). The U.S. Climate Extremes Index (USCEI) for the year-to-date was the highest value on record at more than double the average..." Today's Hurricanes Kill Way Fewer Americans, and NOAA's Satellites Are The Reason Why. Popular Science has a good overview: "...A crucial difference in modern storm forecasting is NOAAs fleet of sophisticated weather satellites. With such advanced storm-tracking systems, it might seem obvious to expect that hurricanes kill less Americans than they did decades ago, but “It’s not an easy number to estimate,” says Franklin. After all, hurricanes are still deadly, and every storm is different. But evidence does exist. In a 2007 study published in Natural Hazards Review, scientists demonstrated that improved storm forecasting prevented up to 90 percent of deaths that would have occurred should satellite-less, error-prone technology still have been used used to predict hurricanes. The researchers found that between 1970 and 2004, an average of around 20 people died from hurricanes each year. But if forecasts were as faulty as they were in the 1950s, they estimated that 200 people would have died each year, simply because significantly more people had settled into the path of destructive cyclones..." Image credit: NOAA. "Hurricane Katrina at its peak intensity. With advanced warnings, most New Orleans residents evacuated before the storm hit." Severe Thunderstorms More Costly than Hurricanes Over Last Decade. A few statistics at Chicago Tribune made me do a double-take: "...Thunderstorms — including losses from damage caused by hail, wind and tornadoes — have surpassed hurricanes as the costliest peril for the insurance industry in the U.S. over the past decade, said Steve Bowen, director and meteorologist of Aon Benfield's impact forecasting division. Fewer hurricanes have been making landfall, but thunderstorm events have become increasingly damaging. "While the individual losses themselves may not be as costly as hurricanes, it's sort of death by a million paper cuts," Bowen said. "You get all of these events that add up." Every year since 2008, the insurance industry has paid out at least $10 billion for damages from thunderstorms in the U.S., according to data from Aon Benfield. The costliest year during that period was 2011, when the bill topped $29 billion. The total is already nearing $5 billion this year, up from $4.8 billion through March of last year..." Photo credit: Key West office of The National Weather Service. The Great Mississippi River Flood of 1927 Laid Bare the Divide Between North and the South. A story at Smithsonian.com had some perspective I hadn't seen before: "...It was harder still for Northerners to see the news of 1927—the most destructive river flood in U.S. history—as an industrial disaster partly of their own making. After extreme weather swept from the plains states to the Ohio River valley in fall 1926, levees began bursting in the Lower Mississippi Valley in March of ’27 and kept breaking through May. In all, water covered 27,000 square miles, land in seven states where about a million people lived; 13 major crevasses occurred; roughly 637,000 people became homeless, approximately 555,000 of whom were racial or ethnic minorities; somewhere between 250 and 1,000 people died; and financially, direct property losses totaled $250 to 500 million, while indirect losses brought that figure up to $1 billion. Floodwaters did not fully drain until the end of the summer..." Photo credit: "After extreme weather swept from the plains states to the Ohio River valley in fall 1926, levees began bursting in the Lower Mississippi Valley in March of ’27 and kept breaking through May." (Science History Images/Alamy) Greensburg, Kansas Overcame Environmental Disaster and Embraced a Green Future. I heard the mayor of Greensburg talk about sustainability and how they've rebuilt the town to take full advantage of wind and solar power at a recent severe weather conference - it was inspiring and I left the talk more confident than ever that other towns will follow a similar path. Why? More resilience and less cost, savings that ultimately get passed on to consumers. Here's an excerpt at ThinkProgress: "...In the months and years that followed, the Kansas town emerged from the ashes as a green phoenix, thanks in part to Dixson’s efforts. Using money from insurance companies and FEMA, Greensburg built the highest concentration of LEED-certified buildings in the country. Energy-efficient structures feature natural daylighting and geothermal heating and cooling. The downtown boasts walkable roads and LED street lights. Wind turbines and solar panels provide 100 percent of the town’s electricity. Dixson said the town wanted to save money and achieve energy independence. Consume less. Generate your own electricity. Avoid the ups and downs in the price of fossil fuels. Thanks to their efforts, the people of Greensburg save hundreds of thousands of dollars each year on energy costs, a huge sum for a town of 800..." Photo credit: Greensburg, Kansas. CREDIT: City of Greensburg. California Reaches Solar Milestone. Here's a clip from a post at Climate Nexus. Details from the San  Francisco Chronicle: "Solar power met roughly half of California's electricity demand for the first time on March 11, according to new estimates from the federal Energy Information Administration. EIA estimates that almost 40 percent of electricity on the grid between 11AM and 2PM came from California's large-scale solar plants, with smaller solar installations on homes and businesses supplying the rest. When factored with other sources of clean energy in the state, renewable energy accounted for more than 55 percent of power on the grid on March 11. The abundant supply of solar in California this winter and spring has driven wholesale prices near zero or into the negative during certain hours..." (File image: Solar City). This Flower-Shaped Solar Panel Can Power Your Entire Home. The cost is about $12,000, but is there an ROI? Here's a clip from Flipboard: "Meet the Smartflower: a portable, adjustable solar power system that uses GPS-based dual axis tracking to follow the path of the sun throughout the day, similar to the way a sunflower adjusts its petals to face the sun. In the morning, the Smartflower automatically unfolds and positions its "petals" at a 90-degree angle, which shifts as the sun moves across the sky. At night, or when high winds make it unsafe to use, the flower will draw its modular panels back into a folded position, according to Curbed. By always maintaining the optimal angle to the sun, the Smartflower is able to generate 40 percent more energy than traditional solar models..." Tesla Unveils Its New "Sleek and Low-Profile" Exclusive Solar Panels Made by Panasonic. Here's a clip from Electrek: "...Like the solar roof, the move is part of Elon Musk’s plan to offer solar products with better aesthetics in order to create a distinctive brand that can be differentiated from other installers on a product basis. He said when first announcing that they were working on such solar products: “I think this is really a fundamental part of achieving differentiated product strategy. For the solar panels, that means a ‘sleek and low-profile’ look for all residential installation. Here are the new pictures. They achieved that “with integrated front skirts and no visible mounting hardware”. That’s a system developed by Zep Solar, a mounting equipment company acquired by SolarCity before it was itself acquired by Tesla..." Walmart, Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Turn Big-Box Stores Into Hybrid Electric Buildings. Greentech Media has details: "Advanced Microgrid Solutions has landed the world's largest retailer as a partner: Wal-Mart. On Tuesday, the San Francisco-based startup announced it is working with the retail giant to install behind-the-meter batteries at stores to balance on-site energy and provide megawatts of flexibility to utilities, starting with 40 megawatt-hours of projects at 27 Southern California locations. Under the terms of the deal, “AMS will design, install and operate advanced energy storage systems" at the stores for no upfront cost, while providing grid services and on-site energy savings..." Why Flying in America Keeps Getting More Miserable, Explained. Vox takes a look at how we got to this place: "...Anyone who flies regularly has experienced the endless indignities of modern air travel — the security theater, the cramped seats, the delays, the missed flights, and all the rest. Making it particularly egregious is the reality that the crucial ingredient of consumer choice seems to be missing. Most of us have at one time or another sworn to ourselves that we will “never” again fly on one airline or another, only to discover that there are very few airlines one can switch to and that they all seem dismal in their own way. The airline industry, unfortunately, suffers from some serious business model flaws — most notably very high fixed costs in the form of buying and maintaining aircraft, and the problem that a half-empty flight is almost as expensive to operate as a full one..." Circular Runways Could Revolutionize How Airplanes Takeoff and Land. Mashable has the slightly-wacky story which made more sense after watching a video at Mashable: "Circular runways are a radical redefinition of airport layout. They're designed to deal with increasing air traffic, allowing for multiple aircraft to takeoff and land simultaneously. They're the brainchild of Henk Hesselink, a researcher at the Netherlands Aerospace Centre, who hopes they can become a reality by 2050..." Kelvin Helmholtz Clouds. These are "wave clouds" that form under very specific atmospheric conditions. A friend, Mike Huang, was flying above Des Moines when he snapped the photo above, resembling breaking waves at the shore. Here's an except of a good explanation at EarthSky: "...Here’s a special kind of cloud known to scientists as a Kelvin Helmholtz cloud. These clouds look like breaking ocean waves, with the rolling eddies seen at the top of the cloud layers usually evenly spaced and easily identifiable. Kelvin Helmholtz clouds are named for Lord Kelvin and Hermann von Helmholtz, who studied the physics of the instability that leads to this type of cloud formation. A Kelvin Helmholtz instability forms where there’s a velocity difference across the interface between two fluids: for example, wind blowing over water. You’ll often see the characteristic wave structure in this type of cloud when two different layers of air in our atmosphere are moving at different speeds. The upper layers of air are moving at higher speeds and will often scoop the top of the cloud layer into these wave-like rolling structures..." Photo credit: Mike Huang. Moonrise. Here's an image from Japan's Himawari-8 satellite, courtesy of NOAA. “There is no such thing as a minor lapse of integrity.” – Tom Peters 57 F. maximum temperature yesterday in the Twin Cities. 56 F. average high on April 12. 49 F. high on April 12, 2016. .06" rain fell yesterday as of 7 PM. April 13, 1949: A late-season snowstorm dumps over 9 inches in parts of the Twin Cities metro area. TODAY: Partly sunny, dry. Winds: E 7-12. High: 61 THURSDAY NIGHT: Partly cloudy. Low: 47 FRIDAY: PM showers arrive, few T-storms possible. Winds: SE 10-15. High: 62 SATURDAY: Lingering shower, thunder possible. Winds: NE 5-10. Wake-up: 56. High: 68 SUNDAY: Partly sunny, late day shower risk. Winds: NW 10-20. Wake-up: 52. High: 61 MONDAY: More clouds than sun. Winds: E 5-10. Wake-up: 39. High: 55 TUESDAY: Another jolt of rain, possibly heavy. Winds: SE 10-20. Wake-up: 41. High: 54 WEDNESDAY: Partly sunny and pleasant. Winds: NE 5-10. Wake-up: 42. High: 58 Climate Stories.... Another Record Low Month for Sea Ice. Here's an excerpt from Climate Central: "Climate change continues its rapid reshaping of the Arctic as yet another month saw sea ice set a record-low mark. March data just released by the National Snow and Ice Data Center marks six months in a row of near-record or record-low sea ice for the region. It’s a story that’s been reported so often recently, it risks feeling almost normal. But make no mistake. There has never been a run like this in nearly 40 years of satellite data. Sea ice was missing from a 452,000-square-mile area it usually covers in March. That’s an area roughly the size of Sweden. Warm weather was yet again a major culprit in the case of the missing ice..." Image credit: "Arctic sea ice extent is record low for this time of year and has been since October 2016 with the exception of December (which was still the second-lowest extent on record)." Credit: Zack Labe. Climate Change a Character in Discovery's "Deadliest Catch". Here's an excerpt of a story at AP: "...It's a big risk for us to discuss climate change because so many people can think that it's a political issue when really it isn't, particularly in the context of the fishing fleet," said R. Decker Watson, Jr., one of the show's executive producers. The waters off Alaska that provide the livelihood for the show's real-life stars warmed by a dramatic 4 degrees in one year. The cold water-loving crab is depleted in the traditional fishing areas, so some of the boats strike out for new territory that is more dangerous because of fiercer storms and is further from rescue workers if something goes wrong, he said. In fact, the new season documents one vessel lost at sea. It was not one of the crews regularly featured in the series, but all of the regulars knew who was involved, he said..." Build Better Energy Future for Montana. Here's an excerpt of an Op-Ed from a self-described millenial who just met with one of Montana's U.S. Senators about (true) energy independence at Missoulian: "...If Daines cares about jobs, he should work with state leaders to remove barriers to solar energy. Last year, job growth nationwide in the solar industry was 17 times greater than the rest of the economy, but Montana lags far behind other states, ranked 40th in installed capacity. Our leaders should be capitalizing on this growth potential and offering coal communities a pathway to the clean energy economy - not making empty promises to revive a dying industry. The Clean Power Plan would have helped local communities down this path. A bipartisan poll last year showed Montanans overwhelmingly favor more clean energy - especially millennials. My generation sees the absurdity of Daines' "all of the above" energy rhetoric that ignores the need to transition away from fossil fuels. We know not all energy sources are equal: the fossil fuels of the past create carbon pollution that makes us sick and overheats our planet. When we met, Daines said he is concerned about climate change and discusses it often with his kids. If that's true, he must see that "all of the above" is incompatible with the urgency of the climate crisis, which disproportionately impacts my generation - including Daines' children..." Shifting Climate Has North Dakota Farmers Swapping Wheat for Corn. Here's an excerpt from NPR: "...North Dakota's assistant state climatologist, Daryl Ritchison, says on average, rainfall has been two to three inches greater in the past two decades. "And of course, that's the average over that time period. There's been years where, of course, we've had literally eight or 10 inches above average," Ritchison says. That may not sound like a lot, but it's a big change from the semi-arid conditions that prevailed in the previous 60 years. Because of a warming trend, the growing season here has also increased two to three days a year in the last couple of decades, and by two weeks over the past century. Ritchison says the added warmth and moisture have helped make corn a successful crop in North Dakota..." Photo credit: "Corn is loaded onto a truck on Larry Slaubaugh's farm in Wolford, N.D. He's seen a big shift from wheat to corn in recent years." John Ydstie/NPR. Climate Change Will Make American Farmers' Lives More Difficult. A longer growing season sounds good at first blush, but dig a little deeper and you start to understand how a more volatile climate system may not be a positive development for America's agriculture economy. Here's a clip from Truthdig: "...We’re predicting warmer and wetter springs, and drier, hotter summers,” Dr Davis says. “The season fragments and we start to see an early-early season, so that March starts looking like a good target for planting in the future. In the past, March has been the bleeding edge; nobody in their right mind would have planted then. But we’ve already seen the trend for early planting. It’s going to keep trending in that direction for summer annuals.” Worldwide, scientists have repeatedly warned that climate change driven by human dependence on fossil fuels presents serious problems for farmers: many crops are vulnerable to extremes of heat, and climate change presents a hazard for harvests in Africa, Asia and Europe. America in particular could face substantial losses, and, at the most basic level, the grasses – almost all the world’s staple foods are provided by the grass family – may not be able to adapt to rapidly changing climates..." Photo credit: "America’s farmers may have to adapt to climate change by planting new hybrids—or new crops altogether." (Rich/Flickr) How Climate Change Could Make Air Travel Even More Unpleasant. It's all about the configuration and strength of the jet stream, according to a story at The Washington Post: "...Williams focused on an area in the North Atlantic known for heavy air traffic, particularly between Europe and North America, and limited his simulations to winter, when turbulence is known to be at its highest. He examined 21 different wind-related characteristics known to be indicators of air turbulence levels, including wind speed and changes in air flow direction. The study found an increase in turbulence across the spectrum. Light turbulence was projected to increase by an average of 59 percent, light-to-moderate by 75 percent, moderate by 94 percent, moderate-to-severe by 127 percent and severe by 149 percent, although there’s substantial uncertainty associated with the more severe categories..." File photo credit: "In this June 3, 2016, photo an American Airlines passenger jet takes off from Miami International Airport in Miami." (Alan Diaz/Associated Press). New Study Links Carbon Pollution to Extreme Weather. Here's an excerpt from Dr. John Abraham at The University of St. Thomas, writing for The Guardian: "...So, scientists really want to know what affects these undulations – both their magnitudes and their persistence. We also want to know whether these undulations will change in a warming planet. This is precisely where the new study comes in. The researchers used both weather observations and climate models to answer these questions. What they found was very interesting. Using measurements, the authors documented what conditions led to extreme weather patterns that persisted for extended durations. They found that many occur when the jet stream becomes stationary with the undulations stuck in place. They also saw that under certain situations, the jet stream undulations do not dissipate in time; they become trapped in a wave guide..." (Image: NASA GSFC) Climate Change is a National Security Issue, Says the Military. Here's an excerpt from Nevada Public Radio: "Climate change is not a partisan issue. It’s a national and global security issue. When people are forced from their homes because of drought, they end up as refugees in other areas. This puts a strain on the systems of those who take in refugees. The new people feel marginalized as the old residents feel threatened. That may lead to anger and the susceptibility to radicalization of the refugees. All because they didn't have enough rain to grow food. Retired Brigadier General Dr. Stephen Xenakis says that's one scenario that makes climate change a threat to national security. War plays a part in the displacement of refugees, as we have seen in Syria. Any disruption that leads to personal insecurity will lead to global insecurity..." Photo credit: "The solar array at Nellis Air Force Base." Older Post Spring Regains Its Bounce - Sliding Into a Wetter Pattern - Thunderstorms Now Costlier Than Hurricanes? Paul Douglas is a nationally respected meteorologist with 35 years of television and radio experience. A serial entrepreneur, Douglas is Senior Meteorologist and Founder of Media Logic Group. Douglas and a team of meteorologists, engineers and developers provide weather services for various media at Broadcast Weather, high-tech alerting and briefing services for companies via Alerts Broadcaster and weather data, apps and API’s from Aeris Weather. His speaking engagements take him around the Midwest with a message of continuous experimentation and reinvention, no matter what business you’re in. He is the public face of “SAVE”, Suicide Awareness, Voices of Education, based in Bloomington. Send Paul a question. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune 'I'm a goner': Sea freighter El Faro had little hope as it sailed into storm Senators push United Airlines for answers on overbooking Mpls. Muslims protest 'sharia' vigilante in Cedar-Riverside area Charges: Burnsville teacher had sex with student, sent explicit messages to another More From Paul Douglas on Weather Staff Directory April 12 Sliding Into a Soggier Pattern - Are Minnesota's Sirens Vulnerable to Radio-Hacking? The recent hacking of the emergency outdoor sirens in Dallas should give everyone pause. It wasn't an internet hack, specifically, but rather used radio frequencies to turn on the sirens. How many other communities are vulnerable to a similar hacking, which could become a matter of life and death during a tornado scenario. We get a break from the puddles today, but more rain arrives tomorrow with a few showers spilling into the weekend. March was dry - we're making up for lost time (and puddles). Staff Directory April 11 Spring Regains Its Bounce - Sliding Into a Wetter Pattern - Thunderstorms Now Costlier Than Hurricanes? What do I love about snow in April? It's there to impress, amaze and appall you for a few hours. And then it's gone. Monday night's slush-fest gave way to chirping birds and green lawns by midday yesterday and the maps look like spring - no more wintry relapses in sight. Just a better chance of rain, especially this afternoon, Friday, again next Tuesday. It's been a dry pattern, we could use a good soaking. Preferably on a weekday. At night, well after rush hour please. Staff Directory April 11 Slushy start Tuesday (for some) - 60s return later this week Any wintry memories give way to blue sky and low 50s Tuesday, a baby-step in the right direction. Showery rains brush Minnesota Wednesday, with heavier T-storms popping on Friday ahead of a warmer front. If everything goes just right we may sample 70 degrees Saturday afternoon as we stagger into spring. Check the blog for more details. -Todd Nelson Staff Directory April 10 Rain/snow mix today, slushy coating north of metro A few folks may get their undies in a bunch about Monday's snow chatter, but the extended outlook will help settle nerves. Sunshine returns Tuesday with high temperatures flirting with the 60s for the second half of the week. Spotty storms may develop late Friday, but should clear early this weekend. Check the blog for more details. -Todd Nelson Staff Directory April 9 Sunday Severe Threat. Locally Heavy Rain Turns to Wet Snow Monday A fairly robust storm system scoots through the Upper Midwest with scattered showers and storms, some of which could be strong to severe across parts of southern Minnesota later Sunday. Lingering rain showers mix with a few wet flakes late Monday as temperatures drop in the wake of the system. Check the blog for more details. -Todd Nelson Top Stories Minn. police ramp up fight to keep drivers' eyes on the road Apr. 12 Senators push United Airlines for answers on overbooking Apr. 12 Trump declares US-Russia relations may be at 'all-time low' 12:40am Most Read Sliding Into a Soggier Pattern - Are Minnesota's Sirens Vulnerable to Radio-Hacking? • Staff Directory Al Sicherman • Staff Directory Phil Miller • Staff Directory Abby Simons • Staff Directory Elizabeth Flores • Staff Directory World In order to save Rosa Parks' Detroit house, artist moved it to Berlin Hard-line ex-leader Ahmadinejad stuns Iran with election bid Nation 'I'm a goner': Sea freighter El Faro had little hope as it sailed into storm Wall Street's 'Charging Bull' sculptor says 'Fearless Girl' distorts his art Politics Inside Steve Bannon's struggle: From 'shadow president' to Trump's marked man Senators push United Airlines for answers on overbooking markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild By that much: Wild puts 52 shots on net, can't convert in Game 1 OT loss Souhan: Round 1 goes to the Blues' Allen in matchup of goalies Twins With one swing, Twins lose momentum - and game - to Tigers Dozier ties Twins record for most career leadoff homers Wolves Timberwolves' young foundation facing a 'critical summer' Out with a whimper: Wolves season ends with sixth consecutive loss Celebrities Comedian Charlie Murphy, brother of Eddie, dies at 57 Nancy Kerrigan discusses pain of 6 miscarriages in 8 years Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Minnesotans get applications in fast to volunteer for 2018 Super Bowl poll Poll: Who will win the Wild-Blues playoff series? 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Minnesota Somali-American taking modeling world by storm 02:13 Nineteen-year-old Halima Aden's dramatic ascent has taken her from cleaning ... Taste You won't break the bank with these inexpensive (but terrific) wines Think semi-boneless for that leg of lamb for Easter StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
MENU GO 47 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card CIRCA more... News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card CIRCA Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card CIRCA component-ddb-728x90-v1-01-desktop Brown County dispatcher honored for helping deliver 'Walmart baby' by Mike Murad, FOX 11 News Brown County Dispatcher, Amber Castro, was honored for her work in helping a couple deliver a baby in a De Pere parking lot, April 12, 2017. (WLUK) AA A number of awards were handed out Wednesday for Brown County dispatchers at their annual awards ceremony, but one in particular will be remembered for a lifetime. It involved a late-night call from a husband and his pregnant wife, a first for the dispatcher on the other line, and a welcome to the world for a baby named Julia. Although Julia is already 11 months old, her mother says she still known more for where she was born, than the name she was given. "She's still introduced as the Walmart baby," said mother, Erin Harris. That's what happens when a De Pere parking lot serves as the maternity ward. The dispatcher who helped the couple deliver their bundle of joy received an award for her efforts. "She was really calm and I think really just reassuring," said Harris. "We knew what we were doing as far as the birth was concerned, but I mean it was awkward and not scary, but a little frantic." Dispatchers train for anything, but there's a first time for everything. Dispatcher Amber Castro had just started her shift early that morning, and this was her first call. Before that, she had never been on the receiving end of very expectant parents to be. "I felt very excited because that's completely different compared to the normal calls we get up here," Castro said. There were probably two reasons why the Harris family was relatively calm themselves. Harris' husband is an officer himself in Oshkosh, and it was the couple's fourth child. One with a very unique story. "Just a happy feeling because we deal day-in and day-out with so many bad calls. People on their worst days, but this was an exciting thing and just getting off the phone with them, so excited, I clapped, I'm like 'oh, we had a baby,'" Castro laughed. Also Wednesday night, the Emergency Operations Center celebrated the life of Communication Specialist, John Lampkin, who passed away last year after his fight with cancer. Specialist Lampkin's career spanned 40 years in public service. Lampkin was praised for his work, and service to the community. In all, Wednesday night, more than half-a-dozen awards were handed out. close Trending 1   'I'M A GONER': El Faro's last hours as ship sails into storm 2   Victim's boyfriend charged in Princeton murder, arson 3   Missing boy found safe in Marinette County 4   The FOX 11 Golf Trivia Contest 5   2017 Good Day Wisconsin Welcome to Mow-Town Contest DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLUK Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO News In Pictures Victim's boyfriend charged in Princeton murder, arson First business opens in the Titletown District Photos: Green Bay Preble at De Pere baseball Sturgeon return to Menominee Indian Reservation during ceremony ShareTweet × Trending 1 'I'M A GONER': El Faro's last hours as ship sails into storm 2 Victim's boyfriend charged in Princeton murder, arson 3 Missing boy found safe in Marinette County 4 The FOX 11 Golf Trivia Contest 5 2017 Good Day Wisconsin Welcome to Mow-Town Contest 6 Accused Tennessee AMBER Alert kidnapper Tad Cummins left note for wife 7 2017 FOX 11 Weather Radio Giveaway 8 State appeals court judge rules baiting deer is legal if not for hunting 9 Sturgeon return to Menominee Indian Reservation during ceremony 10 Complaint: Manifesto suspect wrote apology before gun theft
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 13 April 2017 | MYT 8:30 AM PewDiePie pitches Twitch show Best Club Brad Woto (of World of the Orange) and PewDiePie engaged in banter and friendly competition over the course of the two-hour broadcast. — AFP Relaxnews YouTube's most popular creative, Felix Kjellberg – better known as PewDiePie – has launched a new show on live streaming platform Twitch. Best Club is set for broadcast on Sundays, with a pilot having gone out on April 9, 2017.  Featuring PewDiePie and fellow creative Brad Smith (aka Brad Woto of World of the Orange,) the pair engaged in banter and friendly competition over the course of the two-hour broadcast, interacting with viewers through Twitch's live chat function and mulling over the future of the show. The move comes after PewDiePie and Disney-owned channel network Maker Studios parted ways in February – a series of provocative jokes had been the tipping point. More recently, YouTube tweaked access requirements to its revenue-generating Partner Program, a move designed to ensure advertisers' brand campaigns do not appear alongside offensive videos. Dozens of marques including GlaxoSmithKline and Johnson & Johnson, Pepsi and Starbucks, Walmart, AT&T, Verizon, FX, General Motors, JP Morgan and Lyft, had frozen ad campaigns on the Google-owned streaming site in March. But the April update has prompted concerns among content creators, whose channels now need to surpass 10,000 lifetime views before becoming eligible for the Partner Program. "There's an adpocalypse going on... this month, most likely, a lot of creators are not gonna get paid," Kjellberg said on April 6 . For comparison, tracking site SocialBlade estimates that Kjellberg's estimated daily average income is between US$1,700 (RM7,530) and US$27,600 (RM122,280) . Kjellberg said that YouTube now had his previous day's video at US$110 (RM490). While revenue adjustments factored into Kjellberg's decision to experiment with Amazon's Twitch platform, Kjellberg's interest in livestreaming goes back further than that. He organised and hosted a December 2016 livestreamed event, raising US$1.3mil (RM5.76mil) for Charity Water through the now-disbanded Revelmode sub-brand. He also alerted viewers to his livestream plans towards the end of an April 2 video, previewing an in-progress studio setup. Netglow, one of the names he'd proposed when forming Revelmode, now becomes the name of his Twitch channel, twitch.tv/netglow. Fifty-four million subscribers make Kjellberg YouTube's most popular content creator. He started out in 2010 and amassed a giant following through his humorous take on video games and other topics. Twitch itself was built on live video game streams before expanding into other areas. —  AFP Relaxnews Related Stories You May Be Interested Yahoo's EU regulator to complete e-mail investigation within weeks Outer-space hacking a top concern for NASA's cybersecurity chief Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices Self-driving ‘arms race’ complicates supplier alliances BlackBerry awarded US$814.9mil in Qualcomm arbitration Business buys bright spot in dim computer market Others Also Read Bargains aplenty at Perfect Livin ’17 expo Boost for aesthetic gymnastics Student 'mortgages' nude photo to secure loan advertisement Latest News China’s Ant Financial extends mobile payments empire to Indonesia It's all over for Windows Vista – time for a new version BlackBerry awarded US$814.9mil in Qualcomm arbitration Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices Samsung Electronics says Galaxy S8 pre-orders exceeded S7 Most Viewed in Tech Samsung Electronics says Galaxy S8 pre-orders exceeded S7 Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices China live streaming: Would-be Internet stars boost billion-dollar market It's all over for Windows Vista – time for a new version Apple hires secret team for treating diabetes: CNBC BlackBerry awarded US$814.9mil in Qualcomm arbitration Outer-space hacking a top concern for NASA's cybersecurity chief How to prevent USB gadgets from damaging your notebook Self-driving ‘arms race’ complicates supplier alliances Cyber breaches have cost shareholders billions since 2013 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Hot Topics: School Bus Ads Easter Services Carjack Suspect in Court Wildlife Service Dog MVHS Baseball Best Bets for Fun in NoCo RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 11-12, 2017 Posted:   04/12/2017 06:53:40 PM MDT Tuesday Arrests • 4:22 p.m. At the Loveland Police and Courts Building, a 30-year-old Estes Park woman turned herself in on a misdemeanor warrant alleging failure to appear in court on a traffic charge. • 4:57 p.m. At Wal-Mart, 250 W. 65th St., a 49-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of shoplifting and two warrants alleging failure to comply with previous charges. • 6:43 p.m. In the 3600 block of North Garfield Avenue, a 31-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor shoplifting and a misdemeanor warrant alleging failure to appear in court on a theft charge. • 10:57 p.m. In the 4200 block of Buffalo Mountain Drive, a 23-year-old Greeley man on an unknown misdemeanor warrant. Wednesday Arrests • 12:42 a.m. In the 900 block of North Douglas Avenue, a 33-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor carrying a concealed weapon unlawfully, misdemeanor harassment and misdemeanor violation of a restraining order. Other Notable Calls Tuesday • Noon. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of West Seventh Street and North Garfield Avenue. • 1 p.m. A nonforcible sex offense at an undisclosed location. • 2 p.m. Theft in the 800 block of South Ouray Drive. • 5 p.m. Criminal mischief in the 400 block of West 10th Street. • 10 p.m. Theft in the 900 block of North Cleveland Avenue. Wednesday Advertisement • 5 a.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of Rocky Mountain Avenue and East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 9 a.m. Theft at Victoria's Secret, 5879 Sky Pond Drive. • 9 a.m. Motor vehicle theft in the 6000 block of Crossroads Boulevard. • 9 a.m. Vandalism in the 400 block of Grandview Drive. • 9 a.m. Vandalism in the 900 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Former Loveland man pleads guilty in tax case Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 11-12, 2017 Olson wins Loveland City Council Ward 3 election   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Mother pleads guilty in death of son, 3; agrees to testify Apr 12, 2017 Updated 55 min ago WEST CHESTER, Pa. (AP) — A woman charged in the beating death of her young son has pleaded guilty to murder and agreed to testify against her former boyfriend in his upcoming capital murder trial. Jillian Tait also pleaded guilty Wednesday to conspiracy to commit murder and child endangerment in 3-year-old Scott McMillan's November 2014 death, which prosecutors called a "horror story." Prosecutors said the plea agreement will spare the 33-year-old Tait a possible death sentence and she will be a "critical witness" in the September murder trial of 25-year-old Gary Lee Fellenbaum III. They said Tait had accepted responsibility and, while her actions may have contributed to Scott's death in Coatesville, Fellenbaum's actions caused it. "Essentially, your honor, the defendant will act as a living adult witness to what happened in that trailer," First Assistant District Attorney Michael Noone said. The couple had met working at a Wal-Mart several months earlier and moved in together in a mobile home park along with Fellenbaum's estranged wife, Tait's 6- and 3-year-old children and the Fellenbaums' 11-month-old daughter. District Attorney Thomas Hogan in 2014 called the case "an American horror story," saying what started as spankings morphed into "concentrated, repeated, escalating abuse" and then over a three-day period the victim "was systematically tortured and beaten to death." "Scott McMillan had been punched and beaten with blunt and sharp objects, whipped, taped to a chair with electrical tape and beaten, hung up by his feet and beaten and suffered other acts of violence," authorities alleged in court papers. Prosecutors also alleged the couple went car shopping, bought pizza and engaged in sexual activity as the boy lay dying after weeks of escalating abuse. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Defense attorney Laurence Harmelin said Tait "is looking forward to putting the matter behind her." "She will have a lot more to say at sentencing," the attorney said. Fellenbaum's mother said in 2014 he was a good son and she didn't believe he beat the little boy to death. "I believe he's being railroaded," Paula Fellenbaum said then. "He liked kids. He never had an issue. I don't understand it at all." Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire General News Trials Legal Proceedings Law And Order Homicide Violent Crime Crime Child Endangerment Crimes Against Children Latest in section 10 Things to Know for Thursday Trump, Xi converge on currency, Syria as US-China ties warm Parents say boy shot at California school is recovering Syrian refugee who fled war feared drowned off San Diego VA unveils website on quality of care, touts accountability More on this topic 10 Things to Know for Thursday Trump, Xi converge on currency, Syria as US-China ties warm Parents say boy shot at California school is recovering Syrian refugee who fled war feared drowned off San Diego VA unveils website on quality of care, touts accountability Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: EPA: Chemical spill originated at U.S. Steel, residents should steer clear of beaches Two men charged in teenager's gang-related shooting in Hammond Beloved Crown Point teacher Kelly Loving dies at 46 LaPorte High School sex case is back in court HHGregg to fold, close Highland and Merrillville stores Currents +16 Travel Photo: Hundreds of foreigners drawn to 'bucket list' marathon in North Korea +19 World News Graphic photos: Deadly truck attack on Stockholm department store Music Every country music entertainer of the year since 1970 Today’s top pics: Queen greeted at London zoo and more Your daily 6: The world's fastest car, Letterman's mom and a Wall Street showdown Today In History, April 12: Martin Luther King, Jr. Today's Birthdays, April 12: David Letterman Inside College Football: Top Linebackers Inside College Football: Defender or Pretender Inside College Football: Top Cornerbacks Inside College Football: Myles Garrett breakdown Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Crusader Homes 2405 Pennington Place, Valparaiso, IN 46383 Four Seasons Sunrooms 1361 East 86th Place, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads LANSING HEATING & COOLING 17823 TORRENCE AVE, LANSING, IL 60438 Glovier Tree Service 4471 West State Rd 8, La Crosse, IN 46348 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Justin's Tree Service Spring is here! For all of your tree service needs, call Justin's Tree Service! 219-840-3003 Updated Apr 6, 2017 Hot Yoga Highland Hot Yoga Highland is offering $39 for 30 days of unlimited yoga! For more information click here! Updated Apr 6, 2017 Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Let Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Give you The Smile You've Been Waiting For! 219-756-2345 Updated Apr 6, 2017 Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. Offers Free Consultations Updated Apr 6, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 73° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 73° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Nation & World April 12, 2017 2:46 PM Mother pleads guilty in death of son, 3; agrees to testify The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WEST CHESTER, Pa. A woman charged in the beating death of her young son has pleaded guilty to murder and agreed to testify against her former boyfriend in his upcoming capital murder trial. Jillian Tait also pleaded guilty Wednesday to conspiracy to commit murder and child endangerment in 3-year-old Scott McMillan's November 2014 death, which prosecutors called a "horror story." Prosecutors said the plea agreement will spare the 33-year-old Tait a possible death sentence and she will be a "critical witness" in the September murder trial of 25-year-old Gary Lee Fellenbaum III. They said Tait had accepted responsibility and, while her actions may have contributed to Scott's death in Coatesville, Fellenbaum's actions caused it. "Essentially, your honor, the defendant will act as a living adult witness to what happened in that trailer," First Assistant District Attorney Michael Noone said. The couple had met working at a Wal-Mart several months earlier and moved in together in a mobile home park along with Fellenbaum's estranged wife, Tait's 6- and 3-year-old children and the Fellenbaums' 11-month-old daughter. District Attorney Thomas Hogan in 2014 called the case "an American horror story," saying what started as spankings morphed into "concentrated, repeated, escalating abuse" and then over a three-day period the victim "was systematically tortured and beaten to death." "Scott McMillan had been punched and beaten with blunt and sharp objects, whipped, taped to a chair with electrical tape and beaten, hung up by his feet and beaten and suffered other acts of violence," authorities alleged in court papers. Prosecutors also alleged the couple went car shopping, bought pizza and engaged in sexual activity as the boy lay dying after weeks of escalating abuse. Defense attorney Laurence Harmelin said Tait "is looking forward to putting the matter behind her." "She will have a lot more to say at sentencing," the attorney said. Fellenbaum's mother said in 2014 he was a good son and she didn't believe he beat the little boy to death. "I believe he's being railroaded," Paula Fellenbaum said then. "He liked kids. He never had an issue. I don't understand it at all." LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 hours ago Violence erupts at Basilica of St. Teresa in Caracas 0:51 8 hours ago Violence erupts at Basilica of St. Teresa in Caracas 0:48 10 hours ago Video shows driver hit, chase three young men on bikes 1:24 12 hours ago Cops and anti-government protesters clash in Caracas, Venezuela View More Video Nation & World China's exports accelerate in March, import growth moderates British official: South Sudan violence is tribal genocide Defense in Kim Jong Nam murder case fear 'trial by ambush' Trump declares US-Russia relations may be at 'all-time low' Asian shares mixed as Trump talks down US dollar Nation & World Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference Mercy earns ‘A’ for patient safety Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 Family memories cut short common theme of actions among Death Row inmates set to die TB&P Daily: Arkansas State Chamber CEO Randy Zook gives the session an ‘A-‘ Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date Fayetteville oncology clinic hopes to continue working with IBM Watson to facilitate cancer trials Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Arkansas State Chamber CEO Randy Zook gives the session an ‘A-‘ TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Syria and the death penalty Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Little Rock slackwater harbor expansion awaiting Trump administration approval Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference BusinessLatest NewsStartupsTalk Politics by Jennifer Joyner (JJoyner@nwabj.com) 7 hours ago 37 views  Tags: Women in technology 0 SHARES Share Tweet Gov. Asa Hutchinson speaks Wednesday (April 12) at the Women in Information Technology Conference held at the University of Arkansas. (photo courtesy of the University of Arkansas) Gov. Asa Hutchinson said the state’s tech industry and access to tech education have each expanded in recent years, and a key objective moving forward is to connect local talent to local jobs. To that end, Hutchinson announced the creation of a new website populated with tech job openings for Arkansas companies. He talked about the website during his speech at the Women in Information Technology Conference held Wednesday (April 12) at the University of Arkansas. The website is not live, according to the Governor’s Office, but will be up-and-running in May when Gov. Hutchinson goes on his fourth high school coding tour, where he recruits computer science students for next year. “We want those students to see the opportunities ahead for them,” Hutchinson said. “There is a gap there mentally. A high school student down in Nashville, Arkansas, is taking computer science and he says, ‘What guarantee do I have to find a job if I take computer science?’ because they don’t understand, so we’ve got to really push that message.” Since the governor’s computer science initiative, which resulted in mandating that computer science be offered at every Arkansas high school, the state has invested $5 million to retrain teachers and increased the number of high-schoolers taking the classes from fewer than 1,000 to 5,500, he said. He pointed to the relocation of the tech startup Elixr from Boston to Little Rock and the expansion of Arkansas tech companies like Metova and Inuvo as proof of the state’s viability as a home for innovative businesses. “If you think about it we have the largest tech company in the world with Walmart. We have J.B. Hunt, Tyson foods — you cannot be a food service company and not a technology company. You can’t be a retail company without building a tech company alongside it,” Hutchinson said. “I believe we can have a micro-hub of technology in Northwest Arkansas and Little Rock — and hopefully in other places — where we’ve got a good foundation for those technology companies here.” QUALITY OF LIFE Speaking to the college students in the audience, Hutchinson encouraged them to look for local jobs, rather than being recruited to places like Silicon Valley. “They might offer you more money, but over time if we produce the talent the companies will locate here,” he said, adding that the quality of life in Arkansas is only improving — and that goes “hand and glove” with the tech businesses. In particular, he highlighted amenities like bike trails that are aimed at attracting millennials. The governor also identified a focus on recruiting females in tech as a key goal for his computer science initiative. Almost one-third of high school computer science students in Arkansas are female, showing a marked increase since the beginning of the initiative, Hutchinson said. “We want to grow that number and we’re doing everything we can to emphasize that,” he said. ‘HAVE A LOT MORE TO DO’ The governor spoke on his support for women in technology careers and pointed out in the audience Amy Fecher, chief transformation officer for the Office of Transformation, established last December as a means to streamline state operations and increase efficiency, in addition to Yessica Jones, director of the Arkansas Department of Information Systems. “She’s the chief technology officer for Arkansas,” he said. “I hope from this presentation you can see that as governor I’m going to be leading this state in tech education and bringing tech business to the state, and women are a critical part of that effort. We need your voice, we need your engagement. I hope that you’re going out there to start businesses,” Hutchinson said. “We’re not done yet. We have a lot more to do.” Keynote speakers at the conference were Rita Carney, retired executive for Wal-Mart Stores, and Lisa Tuttle, chief information security officer for North Carolina-based SPX Corp., a global supplier for HVAC infrastructure, measurement and detection and engineered solutions markets. The conference also featured two panel discussions. Executives from Dillard’s, Forecast5 Analytics, UGAM and CaseStack discussed business analytics and big data. Representatives from the University of Arkansas at Fort Smith and Tyson Foods, in addition to Carney and Tuttle, addressed the theme of the conference: “Progress – Putting Theory into Practice,” regarding gender equality in the tech industry. On Tuesday (April 11), 20 high school students were honored with a dinner for their achievements and aspirations in the field of technology as part of the conference. The students are awardees from the seventh annual National Center for Women and Information Technology Aspirations in Computing Award. Sarah Daigle, the chief tech strategy officer and founder of Currant Technology Group, facilitated the two-day conference. Comments comments Previous post Mercy earns ‘A’ for patient safety Next post Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds 7 hours ago Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference 7 hours ago Mercy earns ‘A’ for patient safety 9 hours ago Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date 10 hours ago DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 11 hours ago Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 3,278 views ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 2,083 views Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple 1,811 views Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance 1,584 views President Trump numbers slip, Gov. Hutchinson approval rises in Arkansas 1,436 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Canonical CEO Jane Silber resigns Mark Shuttleworth, Canonical and Ubuntu's founder, will take over the top spot at the Linux powerhouse. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Linux and Open Source | April 12, 2017 -- 23:43 GMT (16:43 PDT) | Topic: Enterprise Software When Mark Shuttleworth, Canonical and Ubuntu Linux leader, stepped down as CEO in favor of COO Jane Silber in 2010, no one was too worried. Silber may not have been flashy, but she knew how to keep the company moving forward. In a way, it was like Tim Cook taking over Apple after Steve Job's death. Jane Silber, Canonical CEO, will be moving to the company board while company and Ubuntu founder, Mark Shuttleworth, returns as CEO. Like Cook, Silber was a smart choice. Under her guidance, as she said in a recent PC Magazine interview, "Ubuntu has industry adoption that is both broad and deep. Companies such as Walmart, Netflix, and eBay build their infrastructure on Ubuntu. Telcos such as Deutsche Telekom, AT&T, and NTT build their next-generation telecom capabilities on Ubuntu." In addition, Ubuntu became the go-to operating system for all clouds. Even on Microsoft Azure, by last summer one in three Azure virtual machines were running Ubuntu. Moreover, Silber continued, "Companies such as Google and Intel use Ubuntu on their developer workstations. Further, Internet of Things (IoT) device manufacturers of gateways, networking devices, robots, and drones all use Ubuntu at scale." What Canonical could not do was make Ubuntu a major desktop player. Windows still dominates the desktop. What bothered Shuttleworth even more was that his dream of making Ubuntu a converged end-user operating system that could use the same Unity interface on smartphones, tablets, and PCs didn't come true. It was time for a change. what's hot on zdnet Microsoft confirms Spring launch is on for May 2 in New York City Recently patched Microsoft Word exploit was used by both governments and criminal hackers Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' 2017 annual letter: What decision-makers can learn Windows XP: Why it won't die for years to come Shuttleworth still isn't giving up on the Linux desktop. He has reason, and as Windows transforms from a true desktop operating system to Windows-as-a-Service, Linux still has another shot at the desktop. He has also decided to focus Canonical's efforts even more on the cloud and IoT. How he will be doing that is changing. While details are still sketchy, Canonical insiders tell me that Shuttleworth, for the first time in the private company's history, will look for outside funding. For that job, Shuttleworth wants to be in charge. So, Silber explained in a blog post, "We're now entering a new phase of accelerated growth at Canonical, and it's time to pass the baton to both seasoned hands and a new generation of Canonical leaders." While this look like a sudden decision from the outside, it's not. Silber said she'd "originally agreed to be CEO for five years and we've extended my tenure as CEO by a couple of years already." She also won't be leaving the job immediately. She'll remain the CEO until June 2017. She also won't be leaving Canonical. She will move to the Canonical Board of Directors. The dynamic Shuttleworth will take charge in July 2017. Before then, however, we should have a better idea on what his plans are for Canonical's next steps. Related Stories: Where does the Ubuntu Linux desktop go from here? Ubuntu switches to Gnome desktop and gives up smartphone hopes Ubuntu's Shuttleworth: Free software zealots are antisocial muppets who love to hate Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Developer Software developers: We're on board with low-code (or even no-code) tools Enterprise Software Qualtrics raises $180 million on $2.5 billion valuation Enterprise Software Windows XP: Why it won't die for years to come Cloud Workday lands retailer Target as HR customer × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Suburbs Daily Southtown Southtown News Dolton nursing home resident missing, police say Thord Umbenstock Homewood Police Department / Handout Thord Umbenstock, a resident of Countryside Nursing Home in Dolton, went missing at a Homewood Walmart Tuesday afternoon. Thord Umbenstock, a resident of Countryside Nursing Home in Dolton, went missing at a Homewood Walmart Tuesday afternoon. (Homewood Police Department / Handout) Matt McCallContact ReporterDaily Southtown Privacy Policy A Dolton man was reported missing after a nursing home group outing, Homewood police said. Thord Umbenstock, 64, a Countryside Nursing Home resident, disappeared Tuesday afternoon from a Homewood Walmart, 17550 S. Halsted St., officials said. His last known location was getting off a Pace bus at 95th and State between 5:30 and 6:00 p.m. Tuesday, officials said. Security cameras captured him walking north from the store at approximately 3:27 p.m. Tuesday. Umbenstock is 6-feet 3-inches tall, 265 pounds and was last seen wearing a black and blue jacket, orange shirt and blue jeans, officials said. Caregivers told police that he has a history of mental health disorders, officials said. Anyone with information should contact the Homewood Police Department at (708) 206-3420. mmccall@tribpub.com @MatthewMcCall_ Copyright © 2017, Daily Southtown Pace Bus Meals on Wheels unsure of potential budget cuts, but not on its importance to seniors EPA measuring environmental damage from U.S. Steel chemical spill Englewood residents enjoy a safe spring break with help from M.A.S.K. 'Run to the train, run, you can't walk no more' Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 48°
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming Submit An Event About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules Ex-teacher in student kidnapping case may need medication refill, left note for wife The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation(NEW YORK) — Pharmacists have been asked to be on alert for the Tennessee teacher who allegedly kidnapped his 15-year-old student because the 50-year-old, who has been on the run for nearly one month, likely needs a refill of his blood pressure medication, the local district attorney said. Tad Cummins, a married father and grandfather, and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas have been missing since Cummins allegedly kidnapped the teenager on March 13. Surveillance images showed the pair at a Wal-Mart in Oklahoma City two days after they disappeared, but there have been no other credible sightings. Brent Cooper, the district attorney for Maury County, Tennessee, told ABC News on Tuesday that Cummins is on medication to control his blood pressure and should need a refill, so pharmacists should be mindful of customers who look like Cummins or Thomas. Cooper also told ABC News that Cummins left a note for his wife the morning he vanished. Cooper didn’t provide details on what was in the note, but said it appeared to have been a diversion to throw investigators off the trail. A lawyer for Cummins’ wife, Jill Cummins, said that she has filed for divorce. Tad Cummins, who was fired one day after the alleged kidnapping, is wanted on allegations of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. An Amber Alert has been issued for Elizabeth.  The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has said that Tad Cummins “may have been abusing his role as a teacher to groom [the teen] … in an effort to lure and potentially sexually exploit her.” One of Elizabeth’s schoolmates reported seeing a kiss between Tad Cummins and Elizabeth in his classroom on Jan. 23, according to a school district investigative report, but both denied the claim. A school report from January stated that neither one “admitted to behaving inappropriately towards the other.”  According to law enforcement officials, Tad Cummins researched teen marriage online, specifically the age of consent. Authorities are asking that anyone with information call 1-800-TBI-FIND and that anyone who sees a car with Tennessee license plate number 976-ZPT call 911. Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts Whale shark glides past divers Posted April 12, 2017 | National News|No Comments | | Andrea Izzotti(WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.) — A whale shark was spotted off the coast of West Palm Beach, Florida, on Sunday. Keith Brock and his wife captured a rare up-close video of the shark in an area Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Lauren Green Kit Mann Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation youtube linkedin facebook twitter rss Pro Dealer Chain Store Age ﻿ Latest News Hardware Stores Lumberyards Farm & Ranch Distributors/Co-Ops Insights opener Research Special Reports Opinion Magazine opener Digital Edition Reprints/Reuse Subscribe Advertise ﻿ Video/Media Products Hardware All Stars Events Event Calendar ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Contact No credit card, no debit card? No problem, says Amazon Amazon Cash allows consumers to shop without a card. April 11, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson Amazon has launched a new way for customers to shop its site without using a bank card or credit card. Called Amazon Cash, the service allows consumers to add cash to their Amazon.com balance by showing a barcode at a participating brick-and-mortar store, with the cash then applied immediately to the consumer’s  online Amazon account. Notably, Walmart already offers a similar type of service for customers without a credit or debit card, as does PayPal. The initial retail partners for the service are CVS Pharmacy, Speedway, Sheetz, Kum & Go, D&W Fresh Market, Family Fare Supermarkets, and VG’s Grocery. Other stores will be added in the future, according to Amazon. Prior to Amazon Cash, which has no fee, consumers who wanted to shop on Amazon without a bank or debit card  had to  buy gift cards or prepaid debit cards. To use the service, customers show their barcode to the store cashier, and tell them how much cash they want to apply to their Amazon account. The cashier then scans the barcode and the customer pays with their cash. Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented CNRG acquires McLendon Hardware BMC expands in two markets True Value names new SVP of marketing 84 Lumber grows in Long Island Ace Wholesale Holdings gains a president HBSDealer Stock Watch: Today was a drag HDW is holding its Spring Market in Texas Throwback Thursday: ‘Hech’ of a Speech Tractor Supply provides a Q1 preview Axalta scoops up Valspar's coatings business Poll Poll What is your number one priority at industry trade shows, markets or conventions? Find specific new products Learn about general merchandise trends Take advantage of special deals or discounts Meet people and network with peers Bring home information to improve my business Special Reports The 2016 Top 300 Industry Scoreboard Sales for the year reached more than $249 billion combined among the Top 300 home improvement retailers. Spoiler: The Home Depot landed at No. 1. Again.    Click here to view the Scoreboard. The 2016 Top 200 Pro Dealer Scoreboard Combined sales at the nation’s Top 200 dealers continued to rise with residential construction and the recovering U.S. economy.    Click here to view the Scoreboard. Current Issue April 2017   Cover Story Big-ticket transactions generate more than just revenue. Here are the strategies, the products and the societal trends for more profitable rings.   Also Inside  Benjamin Moore's new Store of the Future Co-op Report: The Best of Ace Hardware NAHB's Jerry Howard on the new Washington Software upgrades, a primer for independents Click here to view the issue. Hardware All Stars We're looking for All-Star material Nominate a worthy retailer for the 2017 STIHL Hardware All-Star awards. Products AWC declares 'victory for common sense' The Maryland State Legislature has adjourned for the year without taking action... Study sees South as siding stronghold Freedonia Group’s ‘Siding Distribution in the U.S.’ sizes up... DeWalt rolls out a tougher tape measure Now featuring a tougher case, tougher blade coating, and tougher hook... Featured Product Cobra Skinny Snake Latest News Hardware Stores Lumberyards Farm & Ranch Distributors/Co-Ops Insights Research Special Reports Opinion Magazine Digital Edition Reprints/Reuse Subscribe Advertise Video/Media Products Hardware All Stars Events Event Calendar Subscribe Advertise Contact Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedmanwebsites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE Hardware + Building Supply Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Hardware+Building Supply Dealer. All Rights Reserved.
Home Issues Experts Newsletters & Trading Services Login The Disturbing Death Rattle of Retail Posted on April 12, 2017 by Brad Hoppmann Have you been to a shopping mall lately? It’s not what it used to be, that’s for sure. A lack of foot traffic, the absence of once-popular specialty stores, and poor customer service are just a few of the recent observations I made during my last visit to a once-mighty local mall. This observation isn’t just mine, however. It’s been reflected in malls throughout the country, and via the many store closures and bankruptcies in the retail industry. Then there is the price of retail stocks. Not all retailers are created equal, of course. But I will note here that the benchmark Exchange-Traded Fund, the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT), has recently come under a lot of selling pressure. XRT is down nearly 5% year-to-date. Now, that doesn’t seem too horrible. Not until you realize that stocks in the S&P 500 are up nearly 5% in that same time frame. So, what’s the deal? Are we about to hear the disturbing death rattle of retail? A recent cover story in Investor’s Business Daily, "Death Stalks Retail Stocks, But Hope Lives On," took up the complex subject of retail’s future. I thought the piece was interesting, as it laid out many of the prevailing issues facing the retail industry. It also offered insight into how the sector could evolve in the years to come as it tries to survive. Most importantly, in an age where Amazon.com (AMZN) rules the retail roost, the article asked whether traditional retail stocks were "just flat-out doomed." Look at this price chart of the online seller of everything, AMZN, vs. the world’s biggest brick-and-mortar retailer Wal-Mart (WMT). You’ll see what investors have emphatically stated over the past decade. WMT has gained a little over 55% in the past 10 years. But look at AMZN … which is up more than 2,000% in that same time frame. Here’s the money quote from IBD: No analyst interviewed for this story was ready to declare the physical store dead. But retail’s wounds still run deep, and there are almost certainly too many stores in the U.S. Many stocks of top chains, while not as low as during the Great Recession, are rolling over into pronounced downtrends. The weak stock action creates short-selling opportunities for investors who believe the worst for retail is yet to come. When you have a mainstream publication talking about the short-selling opportunities in a sector, well, that sector is in serious trouble. *** Still, the retail segment is big. Some estimates put the industry at about $4 trillion. That, according to some, means companies that sell things in physical stores are still viable. Per IBD: "There’s no way Amazon becomes a $4 trillion e-tailer in 10 years," said Jeff Roster, vice president of retail strategy at IHL Group. "That’s just not going to happen." The solution to the "retail ice age," as I’ve heard it called, could be finding new ways to use existing retail space. According to analysts cited in the IBD article, retailers need to reduce their real-estate footprint, and also take a "hybrid approach" to stores that maximizes floor space while also accommodating online orders. Analysts say vacant stores could be used as warehouses and pickup spots for online orders. Or, in existing stores, a smaller floor space might be used to display merchandise, while a larger back area would serve the e-commerce end. Macy’s (M) and Target (TGT) are already considering such a store layout. Target has said 55% of online orders are completed at its stores, potentially strengthening the case for the strategy. While these so-called hybrid stores are an interesting concept, Amazon can play that game too. Indeed, the online retailer has already opened "pop up" stores in various locations. It also has its sights set on opening grocery stores. Yet for traditional retailers facing an existential crisis, the key to survival may be a combination of building out their online infrastructure while also making their stores "cool" again. That’s a tall order. But it’s one that many retailers must fill if they want to survive. *** Speaking of ETFs, the SPDR Gold Trust (GLD) gained 0.7% today and is also rising here in the after-market. Here’s our resident small-cap mining expert, Sean Brodrick, with why you need to pay attention to this action … Mining for Money Gold ETFs Back Up the Truck By Sean Brodrick Have you seen what’s happening in the SPDR Gold Trust (GLD), the world’s biggest physical gold ETF? It sure looks to me like investors are backing up the truck. They’re using the GLD to add to gold positions in a big way. Recently, the gold held by the GLD soared to 838 metric tons. That’s 26,942,330 troy ounces. And it’s not just the GLD. Swiss firm MKS reported Tuesday that, globally, ETF holdings of gold rose by 180,000 ounces. That’s the largest gain in two months. This is happening even though economic optimism in the U.S. and Europe are at or near record levels. Related story: Optimism About U.S. Economy Hits Post-Recession High Partly this has to be gold’s price action. It seems to be breaking out. Investors are positioning for that. Also, inflation continues to heat up. Investors are getting ready for that, too. And they can probably see the same long-term, big bull cycle in gold that I can. But really, the latest short-term factor in gold is rising geopolitical tensions. On Tuesday, I told you how President Trump rattled the markets with talk of taking care of the "problem" that is North Korea. Tensions aren’t simmering down. The Russians don’t seem to like U.S. finger-wagging over Syria, either. Who knows what the next day’s news will bring? I’ll tell you this: If gold ends this week above $1,262, that’s a breakout in price terms … AND a close above gold’s 200-day moving average. And if that happens, that’s a whole new ballgame. Technical traders will buy-buy-BUY! Do you think money is pouring into the GLD now? Just wait and see what happens if we get that weekly bullish close. Be ready! All the best, Sean *** I want to know what you think, so if you have a comment or question about today’s Afternoon Edition topic, or any of the topics we cover, just leave me a comment on our website or send me an e-mail. *** Geopolitics kept a lid on stock prices today. It’s also a holiday-shortened trading week. (The markets are closed on Friday.) The broader S&P 500 fell 0.4%. • Gold hit its highest level since November. The yellow metal rose 0.3% to $1,278 per troy ounce. • Fitch affirmed the U.S.’s top "AAA" credit rating. It also raised its GDP growth outlook for the nation, to 2.3% in 2017 and 2.6% in 2018. Fitch also sees two more quarter-point interest-rate hikes this year and four next year. • Job openings hit a seven-month high. The Labor Department said the number increased by 118,000 in February to 5.7 million. • Financials fell in front of tomorrow’s before-the-bell earnings reports from four big banks. The Financial SPDR (XLF) slid 0.8%. Good luck and happy investing, Brad Hoppmann Publisher Uncommon Wisdom Daily Your thoughts on “The Disturbing Death Rattle of Retail” ed the grocer says: April 12, 2017 at 11:48 pm Retail. I’m coming up on half a century. Even in our small town I have seen nearly 30 competitors which included flips, flops, and real crashes. I always have a ten year plan. I expect customers with much less money expecting much higher quality food. The driving force is health supported by internet based knowledge. I also expect that there will be a very large gray economy of food banks, free stores, community gardens, and guaranteed income checks. That customer will not be a customer anymore. Reply ron goddard says: April 12, 2017 at 8:20 pm hi brad, it is becoming increasingly obvious that the syrian gas story is just that, a prefabricated, planned ‘false flag’ event that puts assad and the russians in a bad light. many experts in the western sphere, including ex cia heads and other notable experts in chemical substances as applied to war, are declaring that the gas was not sarin but a mixture of chlorine and other noxious stuff. if the gas had been sarin those rescue workers would have died within minutes of ‘handling ‘ the victims because they were not wearing the appropriate clothing and gloves for the job. from evidence now to hand the isis mob had many hundreds of drums of the stuff taken from the american military in iraq a few years ago and transported to syria to an isis base then taken to a well known isis stronghold and the whole exercise broadcast so that the syrian planes bombed the base, not knowing of the gas drums therein. a high wind blew the massive gas cloud, resulting, downwind to a village where the killings took place. western press had the full ‘story’ within a very short time. amazing. a set up ? of course. assad has no reason to bombard his own people because he had full control of the country anyway except for pockets of isis which his military is till trying to root out. if this is a cause for ww111, then blame your western press and the clinton, soros mob..oh and that idiot mccain. many americans want him put away. he is apparently a very dangerous man. and considering the past 77 years of bombing worldwide by the american airforce, maybe its time for you guys to be inducted to the lovely world of overhead bombing, to hear the sounds of boom, boom and the shocks and horrors of it all. your country (mainland) is one of the few to not experience overhead bombing. there are many countries who would love to see it happen. you can betcha that when it occurs the elites and the clinton mob will have departed. this is not hate mail, merely a critical analysis of the world as it is and the feelings of many people towards america. russia has been told that their country is badly situated because it sits right smack in the middle of your military bases in eurasia. amazing! i wonder if you have seen any russian or chinese ships in san diego harbour or cruising in lake mitchigan lately. if its ok for the us navy to cruise around the black sea or the south china sea threatening everybody and anybody surely the russian or any other navy has the right to do similar? and america has virtually declared war on syria by firing those missiles into that country. if that is ok for usa to do so then maybe russia can start sending missiles into sweden or poland or any other country. putin is quite right in saying that the americans should not have done that. well cheers from oz Reply Dr. M says: April 12, 2017 at 7:24 pm WalMart has offered online shopping for quite some time — and had on-line grocery shopping available before Amazon. Amazon may be the glamour stock, but WalMart may be the real bargain. Reply Books says: April 12, 2017 at 7:18 pm Back in the day, retail stores hired competent help who actually helped customers. We answered questions, brought merchandise to dressing rooms, etc. Now days if you can’t find an item, or need a question answered, often there is no one to help. If you go on Amazon you get a full description, measurements and sizes, etc. In the past, the help was trained to put the customer first and to be pleasant. Shopping was more social then, when customers often had favorite sales people that they developed retail relationships with. Nowadays a shopper often gets a surly attitude. This isn’t the whole reason retail is suffering, but it is part of it. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Brad Hoppmann Brad Hoppmann originally grew up in Florida, but has lived in Baltimore, Charlotte and New York as well throughout his career. Always an athlete, he played varsity football and water polo at the University of Florida and received All-SEC/SCC honors. → Recently by Brad Hoppmann 12 Apr The Disturbing Death Rattle of Retail 11 Apr How Come Nobody Wants to Borrow Money? 10 Apr Cooling the Waters on a China Trade War 08 Apr The secret to stopping your cold with vitamin C Weiss Research Contact Us Uncommon Wisdom Daily 4400 Northcorp Parkway Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Copyright © 2017 Uncommon Wisdom Daily | Contact | Privacy | Terms | Advertising
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 40-55 We set you thinking Thursday 13 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Bike-sharing company oBike introduces scoring system to deter indiscriminate parking 1492058880 Business Trump comments, North Korea fears sink dollar, bond yields 1492066028 Voices Singapore not the happiest country? Don’t fret 1492064760 World China's foreign minister says force cannot resolve North Korea issue 1492064986 World China, South Korea urge calm as North Korea prepares big celebration 1492060524 Singapore DBS Paylah! introduces QR code payments 1492063860 Entertainment So, you wanna make a movie... 1491903360 Business 'Trump Trade' winners switch into battered retail, biotech shares 1492060160 World Tensions lurk behind Pence's 'partnership' visit to Indonesia 1492063499 China&India Meet Mumbai's first women rickshaw drivers 1492062720 World Japan scrambles jet fighter in record numbers as Chinese military activity rises 1492063040 Singapore Dead body found floating in Singapore River 1492062480 Business Self-driving 'arms race' complicates supplier alliances 1492061689 World North Korea may be capable of sarin-tipped missiles: Japan PM 1492060426 Business Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - executive 1492059719 World State paper says China would protect a denuclearized North Korea 1492058573 World North Korean murder suspects wear bullet-proof vests to court 1492050600 Business S’pore economy expands 2.5% for Q1, MAS maintains monetary policy stance 1492041900 Singapore More hospitals to allow patients to see doctors via video 1491971820 Singapore 56-year-old man cleared of sexual assault charges 1492013760 Lifestyle Star Wars, Disney-themed events to come to Singapore under Disney tie-up: STB 1492049700 Singapore Private hire cars to display decals from July 1 1492056660 Entertainment Edmund Chen regrets being ‘too friendly’ with a stranger 1491999060 Business Samsung says Galaxy S8 pre-orders exceeded S7 1492052460 World Malaysian activist not barred from entering Parliament over short skirt: Official 1492053600 World South Korea opposition to seek summit with China if frontrunner elected 1492055522 World Thailand kicks off watered down new year festival amid government warning 1492054547 Daily Focus How lack of sleep can trick you into the junk food obesity trap 1492054313 Sports Former UFC women's champ Holly Holm to headline UFC Fight in Singapore on June 17 1492049880 World Philippines' Duterte cancels visit to disputed South China Sea island 1492048860 World South Korea says believes Washington will consult before striking North Korea 1492050059 Voices Engagement with Sungei Road vendors will continue 1492027320 Singapore Slew of initiatives to attract, retain talent in social service sector 1492027320 Business Regulator accuses ex-Aston Hill executives of insider trading 1492047090 Business In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank 1492046761 Business Trump administration narrows list for Fed regulatory post 1492046095 World Trump backs away from labelling China a currency manipulator﻿ 1492046206 World North Korea oil imports, airline among possible U.S. sanctions targets - sources 1492044660 World Merkel says China, U.S. can sway North Korea with political pressure 1492045337 Singapore New trains boast information displays and brighter LED lighting 1492027320 Tech Apple hires secret team for treating diabetes: CNBC 1492044712 World Dutch panda mania as giant bears arrive from China 1492044711 World U.S.-Russia relations at another low after Syria attacks 1492041840 Singapore Corruption complaints drop 11 per cent to record low 1492027320 World China's Xi urges peaceful resolution of North Korea tension in call with Trump 1492037880 World United passenger launches legal action over forceful removal 1492040100 World Russia blocks U.N. Security Council condemnation of Syria attack 1492033067 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Thursday, April 13 1492036200 Singapore Full-day signalling tests on North-South Line to start on Sunday 1491966180 Business World trade seen growing 2.4% in 2017, uncertainty weighs: WTO 1491995820 Business Jana's call to overhaul Whole Foods supply chain has few takers People pass by a Whole Foods Market in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:30 AM, April 13, 2017 Updated: 6:45 AM, April 13, 2017 Activist investor Jana Partners' proposal that Whole Foods Market Inc <WFM.O> move grocery distribution in-house to reduce its dependence on its biggest supplier, United Natural Foods Inc <UNFI.O>, is easier said than done. The 18-year relationship between the two companies has meant their existing operations are deeply interwoven. Whole Foods, unlike many of the retailers that have been chipping away at its dominance in the natural and organic category, has focused on growing its retail footprint and leaned heavily on United Natural to supply frozen and dry goods. Jana disclosed on Monday that it had raised its stake in the high-end grocer and called for changes in Whole Food's grocery procurement and distribution strategy, which it called "suboptimal and cost-disadvantaged." However, analysts and consultants threw cold water on the idea. "I don't really give a tremendous amount of credence to (the proposal)," Wolfe Research analyst Scott Mushkin said. United Natural's shares were hammered following Jana's proposal, closing down 8 percent at $39.47 on Monday, while Whole Foods stock closed up nearly 10 percent at $34.17. United Natural's shares have clawed back most of the losses since then, closing at $41.80 on Wednesday, as it became clear that Whole Food benefits from the scale and pricing leverage that United Natural offers, making it unlikely that the grocer would cut its dependence on the distributor. Analysts and industry sources said Jana's plan to get Whole Foods to rethink its distribution strategy could set the company up for failure because it lacks cost efficiencies and relationships with distributors that United Natural offers. "I'm not saying they cant squeeze some money here, but to think that UNFI is somehow fleecing Whole Foods by hundreds of millions of dollars - it really doesn't make a lot of sense," Mushkin said, adding there was a cost-saving opportunity of just tens of millions of dollars. Whole Foods, which operates about 456 stores, sourced nearly a third of its supplies from United Natural last year. Whole Foods does not have sophisticated logistics and efficient distribution processes like those at Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> and Kroger Co <KR.N>, and an in-house distribution plan could actually add to the company's costs, analysts said. "It would be a mammoth undertaking to create their own supply chain," said Roger Davidson, a former executive at Wal-Mart, Whole Foods and Supervalu. Davidson is currently president of consultancy firm Oakton Advisory Group LLC. LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIP United Natural has an agreement to continue its supply relationship with Whole Foods through September 2025, according to their annual filings. Whole Foods operates three seafood processing and distribution facilities, a specialty coffee and tea procurement and roasting operation, 11 regional distribution centers that focus on distributing perishables and four bakehouses, the company's annual filing showed. Apart from United Natural, the company sources goods from local, regional and national producers, specialty wholesalers and direct distributors - a fragmented market where the company possibly has weaker price leverage than it does with United, analysts said. While the Austin, Texas-based natural and organic foods supermarket chain is the largest of its kind in the United States, the company will not be able to squeeze the economies of scale from farmers and smaller producers unlike United Natural. "It's not a core competency for Whole Foods, which is why they have the relationship," said Ajay Jain, analyst at Pivotal Research Group. "Even major self distributing chains like Kroger ... also rely on suppliers like UNFI because they can procure products more easily than the retailer." Whole Foods declined to comment beyond the statement it issued on Monday. United Natural did not respond to a request for comment. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players World trade seen growing 2.4% in 2017, uncertainty weighs: WTO Western Digital says Toshiba breaching contract, wants exclusive chip talks Wells Fargo's 'Jump into January' was grim start to the year Wells Fargo report: no 'pattern of retaliation' against whistleblowers Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Wall Street sees Fed balance sheet normalization plan by year end: Reuters poll Wall Street falls as Fed minutes reverse earlier rally Wall Street ends slightly higher; China meeting eyed Wall Street ends lower; Trump comments dampen sentiment late Wall Street ends down; geopolitical risks weigh ahead of earnings Inside Today World China's foreign minister says force cannot resolve North Korea issue Tensions lurk behind Pence's 'partnership' visit to Indonesia Japan scrambles jet fighter in record numbers as Chinese military activity rises China, South Korea urge calm as North Korea prepares big celebration North Korea may be capable of sarin-tipped missiles: Japan PM Business Trump comments, North Korea fears sink dollar, bond yields Self-driving 'arms race' complicates supplier alliances 'Trump Trade' winners switch into battered retail, biotech shares Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - executive Samsung says Galaxy S8 pre-orders exceeded S7 Sports Former UFC women's champ Holly Holm to headline UFC Fight in Singapore on June 17 Suspected Islamist held over Borussia Dortmund attack In show of solidarity, Dortmund fans take in stranded Monaco supporters Fiji sevens team back on track after post-Olympic slump, says coach Indonesia marks end of hiatus for football league with big-name signings Entertainment Edmund Chen regrets being ‘too friendly’ with a stranger Belinda Carlisle to perform in Singapore Film-maker Anthony Chen only has patience for children and animals Museum asks fans of Kermit, Elmo to help pay for exhibit DJ Paul Oakenfold plays at 'highest party on earth' — on Everest About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 824.32 0.97 9to5Toys Last Call: Google Express free six-month trial, BeatsX Wireless In-ear Headphones $130, more Stephen Hall - Apr. 12th 2017 3:26 pm PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Google Express free six-month trial brings two-day delivery from top retailers Play Star Wars Pinball 5 on iOS for free (Reg. $5) Koogeek’s HomeKit-enabled Wi-Fi light switch for $34 Prime shipped Walmart will begin discounting products you choose to pick up in-store SkyBell HD Wi-Fi video doorbell is down to $149 shipped Last Minute Grown-Up Easter Gift Ideas from Amazon Samsung 55-inch 4K Smart UHDTV (cert. refurb) for $650 The Copenhagen Wheel adds electric motor and smart features to any bicycle NBA Playgrounds drops next month for Switch, PS4, Xbox One + new trailers Logitech’s new Z537 Bluetooth Speaker System promises to give your Mac the booming audio it deserves Black Mountain Heavy Duty Dip Station for $49 shipped Papa Johns offers 50% Off Regular Menu Price Pizzas Buy One, Get One Free Slurpees at 7-Eleven this week Review: Perfect Apple Watch case for Nike+ bands, 50% off deal Michelin Stealth Windshield Wipers: 2 for $20 Prime shipped Oral-B Pro iOS-Connected Electric Toothbrush $100 (Reg. $145+) Green Deals: WORX 12-inch Electric Cordless Trimmer/Edger $90, more BeatsX Wireless In-Ear Headphones go to $130 at Amazon and Best Buy Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar: $2,070 ($329 savings) Apple’s 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro + Touch Bar $1,750 (Reg. $1,999) iTunes $100 Gift Card from PayPal for $85 with email delivery Review: MUJJO Leather/Wool Sleeves keep your MacBook protected in style Review: Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack pulls double duty for Apple Watch and iPhone Review: Decks by FluidStance bring motion and fun to standing desks and more Best Console Releases for April: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Outlast 2 & more 9to5Rewards: Brydge iPad Keyboards provide serious productivity on-the-go [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Gift Cards up to 20% off: Toys R Us, Lowe’s and more Smartphone Accessories: Anker 3-pack of MFi PowerLine Lightning Cables $20, more Daily Deals: APC 10-outlet Back-UPS $150, Insignia 50-inch LED 1080p HDTV $280, more Egyptian cotton sheets up to 25% off today only at Amazon Games/Apps: Uncharted 4 Triple Pack $25, Dishonored 2 $23, iOS freebies, more 1byone’s best-selling 50-mile Amplified HDTV Antenna $20 Prime shipped Nordstrom’s Clear the Rack Event is live with 25% off all clearance Star Wars Battlefront 2 debut trailer leaks, watch it right here while you can Apple iPhone SE 32GB pre-paid, no contract for $200 (Reg. $399) Apple iPhone 6 32GB off-contract for $200 at Boost Mobile Hyperburner iOS space racer free for very first time (Reg. $3) LVL 3D puzzler gets very first price drop: $1 (Reg. $2) WikiLinks Smart Wikipedia Reader for iOS now available free Legend of Skyfish iOS/Android action-adventure hits lowest price ever: $1 Trine 1, 2 & 3 for Mac now on sale from $2 each (Reg. up to $15) Artkive for iOS goes free: easily keep track of all your kids’ artwork App Store Free App of the Week: Toca Life School children’s iOS app free AmazonBasics iPhone 7/Plus cases from under $1 Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi 32GB (cert. refurb) down to $380 shipped NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Sony announces super thin $700 e-paper tablet Uncharted: The Lost Legacy releases in August w/ 10+ hour campaign Misfit’s Flare is a low cost fitness tracker that doesn’t skip out on functionality Under Armour SpeedForm Record Equipped shoes takes fitness to a new level Gorillaz launch new AR/VR app to host largest ever listening party The KERUO L7 smart pocket projector puts the big screen in the palm of your hands Anker takes the wraps off new slim iPhone 7 battery case with Lightning port access Teodoor offers full smart lock functionality in the ‘world’s smallest package’ Kniterate is a smart 3D printer for the aspiring tailor Ford’s smart crib will get your infant to sleep without having to take a night drive Play Elder Scrolls Online for free on PS4, Xbox One, Mac/PC Knomo’s water-resistant LiveFree bag offers wireless charging on the go Duo is the AI-infused Smart Mirror that everyone needs to start their day Powrtabs is a biodegradable charger for your iPhone and Android TP-Link Smart LED Light Bulbs gain Alexa control, remain affordable at $20+ With Polar’s new M430 iOS compatible sports watch, you’ll run smarter Transformers Forged to Fight out now on iOS/Android (free-to-play) Lift-bit offers a stylish and intelligent modular seating system for your home Xbox Scorpio console specs unveiled with native 4K and more Samsung’s MU Series Ultra HDTVs bring affordability and sleek designs Clarity is a touchscreen Smart Speaker that combines Google Now and Alexa How to add sound to your LEGO creations with the PFx Brick The Sunrise Smart Pillow aspires to make every morning better MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Dell’s Color Laser All-in-One Printer w/ AirPrint is down to $130 Caseology iPhone 7/Plus cases in a variety of styles and colors from $4 Anker’s Easter Sale discounts your favorite power and audio gear Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services Jiffy Lube Gift Card 20% off: $60 for $48 Harman Kardon HK 3700 A/V Receiver (cert. refurb) for $145 Get Curious George Seasons 1-9 in HD for just $10 a season Create your own custom Xbox One Wireless Controller for $65 Get 25% off Nike styles at Macy’s for men, women, and kids ‘The Age of Innocence’ Kindle eBook for free w/ Audible Olala 6000mAh Power Bank w/ MFi Lightning Cable $15, more Garmin Vivofit 2 Bluetooth Fitness Wristband $40,more Petcube Play w/ 1080p video, audio & built-in laser $142 Inferno is the the $1 HD iTunes Movie Rental of the Week True Religion offers 30% off entire purchase + free shipping Staedtler Fineliner Adult Coloring Book Pens $19 + more Logitech K780 Multi-Device Wireless Keyboard goes to $60 at Amazon Google Home + Philips Hue Smart Lighting Kit bundle for $266 Best Online Fashion Discounts for Students in 2017 Harmon Kardon  5.1-Ch Home Theater $250 RAVPower 4-port USB Charger $14 Prime shipped Nintendo amiibo sale, three for $20: Gift Cards up to 20% off: Cabela’s, more Aukey PowerHub Mini w/ 4 USB Ports $16, more Starbucks is handing out $5 credits PSVR Aim Controller Farpoint Bundle pre-order $20 off AmazonBasics Scissors from just over $1 Prime shipped View-Maser Batman VR Pack $13 Prime shipped Netgear Arlo Q 1080p Security Cam $127.50 Stanley 8-Inch Torpedo Level $2 8-pack EcoSmart A19 LED Light Bulbs $10, more Netgear Arlo Pro 3-Cam Surveillance: $500 Fitbit Charge 2 Fitness Tracker returns to $100 Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Hearst Foundations give $750,000 to Northern California Man’s ashes stolen from family’s rental car at Fisherman’s Autopsy shows man killed himself in shootout with Fremont police SF police won’t be charged in killing of Amilcar Perez-Lopez News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Man, 2 daughters dead after 911 call, car fire, police shots Lawmakers try to keep town halls from getting out of control Is Bannon in peril? Trump comments worry his populist base AP Interview: Top US Catholic bishop plans for Trump meeting Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants win series as Matt Cain delivers with arm, bat Kevin Durant impresses as Warriors rout Lakers A’s Jharel Cotton thrilled by compliments from idol Warriors to play Blazers in Game 1 of first round Sunday Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Antenna permitting bill sparks clash between state, local California tells Uber it’s sloppy about ditching drunk drivers United’s Munoz goes from savior to man on hot seat real fast Continental, 145-year-old auto firm, opens San Jose lab A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Vertigo’ master class; James Ivory honored at 60th SFIFF The latest from Dear Abby No riches from TheatreWorks’ ‘Rags’ SF rocker Chuck Prophet plays Great American Music Hall Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog East Bay city embroiled in In-N-Out Burger battle You've got about six weeks left to visit Doc's Clock in its Salmon season to be cut short in fisheries along California coast Commis to expand next door with new bar, CDP Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Look up! Don't miss this week's 'Pink Moon' San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 9, 2017 Get inspired by an eco-friendly prefab ranch house Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Joy of dragonflies (and damselflies) is in the hunt Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Noe Valley contemporary boasts four levels of luxury living Ornate, preserved Victorian triplex, circa 1900, hits the market SF rent down year over year for second month in a row. Hot Property: Eureka Valley flat embodies period grace in a hip Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-Highlights-11069302.php Business Highlights The Associated Press Updated 2:56 pm, Wednesday, April 12, 2017 ___ Giddy Up! Automakers raise horsepower, speed to new heights NEW YORK (AP) — Automakers are raising horsepower and speed to record heights and showing it off at the New York International Auto Show this week. One car, the Demon Dodge Challenger, has a crazy 840 horsepower. There also will be a super-powerful Honda Civic and even some SUVs that are worthy of the drag strip. ___ United: Airline won't use police to remove passengers CHICAGO (AP) — The chief executive of United Airlines said the carrier will no longer ask police to remove passengers from full flights after the uproar over a man who was dragged off a plane by airport officers in Chicago. In an interview with ABC's "Good Morning America" aired Wednesday, Oscar Munoz said he felt "ashamed" watching video of the man being forced off the jet. He has promised to review the airline's passenger-removal policy. Munoz apologized again to Kentucky physician David Dao, his family and the other passengers who witnessed him being taken off the flight. ___ TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters Trump administration to lift federal hiring freeze WASHINGTON (AP) — The federal government hiring freeze implemented by President Donald Trump as one of his first acts in office will be lifted Wednesday. But budget director Mick Mulvaney says many jobs will remain unfilled as the White House embarks on a government-wide effort to overhaul the executive branch and significantly reduce its workforce. Mulvaney told reporters Tuesday at a White House briefing that the move was part of the president's campaign pledge to "drain the swamp" in Washington and save taxpayers money. ___ Trump says China won't be labeled a currency manipulator WASHINGTON (AP) — Backing away from a campaign pledge, President Donald Trump says his administration will not label China a currency manipulator in a report due this week, though he does feel the U.S. dollar "is getting too strong." Trump also says he would prefer that the Federal Reserve keep interest rates relatively low. ___ Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores NEW YORK (AP) — Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. ___ Uber's PR head resigns amid tumultuous time for company NEW YORK (AP) — Uber's head of communications is leaving, the latest in a string of executive departures as the ride-hailing company tries to dig out from a pile of troubles. In a memo to employees, CEO Travis Kalanick called Rachel Whetstone a "force of nature" who was "was way ahead of the game when it came to many of the changes we needed to make as a company." Uber is facing accusations of routinely tolerated sexism and sexual harassment in the workplace, as well as troubles for Kalanick after a video surfaced showing him berating a driver. The company is hiring a chief operating officer to help him manage the company. Uber has also hired former Attorney General Eric Holder to lead an investigation into the sexism allegations. ___ US budget deficit bulges in March due to calendar hitch WASHINGTON (AP) — The federal government ran a budget deficit in March that was sharply higher than a year ago, largely because of a hitch in the calendar. Through the first half of this budget year, the deficit is running almost 15 percent higher than the same period a year ago. The Treasury Department reported Wednesday that the deficit in March totaled $176.2 billion, compared to $108 billion in March of last year. A big part of that increase reflected $42 billion in April benefit payments that were shifted into March because April 1 fell on a Saturday this year. ___ Amazon aims to help parents monitor and talk to kids NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon is introducing new tools to help parents see what their kids are doing on the company's Fire tablets. As a bonus, the e-commerce giant says its service will also help spark discussions about the books kids read and the videos they watch. Parents first have to sign up with Amazon's FreeTime service, a set of tools for pre-approving how much time kids spend on a tablet and what they do with it. The FreeTime service is free, as is the new dashboard tool. ___ Burger King's Whopper get negative Wikipedia edits in ad gag NEW YORK (AP) — Burger King's latest ad stunt is resulting in some less-than-flattering descriptions of its Whopper sandwich. The hamburger chain unveiled a 15-second ad Wednesday designed to trigger Google Home devices into reciting the definition of a Whopper, pulled from the website Wikipedia. But the website can be edited by users, and the definition had been changed to insert "cyanide" as an ingredient in one version. Another user later changed the definition to say the Whopper is "the worst hamburger product" sold by the chain. Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International, says it is not behind the negative edits and that it has been trying to change the definition back to one that it was hoping to promote. ___ Sculptor of Wall Street's bull wants 'Fearless Girl' moved NEW YORK (AP) — The sculptor of Wall Street's "Charging Bull" statue has demanded the removal of the "Fearless Girl" statue that's faced off against the bull since last month. Arturo Di Modica says his 11-foot-tall bull is supposed to represent "freedom in the world, peace, strength, power and love" but "Fearless Girl" has turned the work's message into something negative. Tourists have embraced "Fearless Girl" as a symbol of female empowerment. ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 8.85 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,344.93. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 59.44 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,591.86. The Nasdaq composite declined 30.61 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,836.16. Benchmark U.S. crude snapped a sixth-day winning streak, losing 29 cents to close at $53.11 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell 37 cents to close at $55.86 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline dipped 2 cents to $1.74 a gallon. Heating oil held steady at $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $3.19 per 1,000 cubic feet. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Fatal crash closes westbound lanes of Hwy 92 in San Mateo Man’s ashes stolen from family’s car at Fisherman’s Wharf Hearst Foundations give $750,000 to NorCal nonprofits ‘Survivor’ contestant describes being outed as trans on show Cain weathers the storm as Giants win series 1st black woman on NY's highest court found dead by river Motorcycle rider beheaded in San Bernardino freak accident Study: Sea-level rise in Calif. will be bad to catastrophic SF resident worried about VC's 'Zuckerberg-style takeover' The fight over a tree divides San Francisco neighbors Old & new: Beloved SF spots and what has replaced them Zuckerberg sues Hawaiians in pursuit of privacy East Bay city embroiled in In-N-Out Burger battle Boy, 8, drives sister, 4, to McDonald's for a cheeseburger Tiny mountain lion kittens found in Sonoma County Cat-killing dogs roaming Santa Cruz mountains UC Berkeley Republicans test limits again with Coulter speech Some Cal donors are furious at basketball hire TODAY'S TOP PICKS Celeb-spotting in SF: Did you catch these stars? Too racy: Rejected Calif. vanity plates (Caution: Sexual content) Popular grocery chain faces dire times if it doesn't change Most Popular 1 Boy, 8, drives sister, 4, to McDonald's for a cheeseburger,... 2 Motorcycle rider beheaded in San Bernardino freak accident 3 1st black woman on state's highest court found dead by river 4 Glen Park resident worried about venture capitalist's... 5 East Bay city embroiled in In-N-Out Burger battle 6 Sea-level rise in California could be catastrophic, study says 7 Tiny mountain lion kittens found in Sonoma County are the... 8 United to compensate people on flight when man dragged off 9 SF couple contract brain-invading parasite on Hawaiian honeymoon 10 Inside Bannon's struggle: From 'shadow president' to Trump's... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 44° Login Subscribe Full Menu 44° Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime April 12, 2017 5:17 PM Grand jury detailed investigation into woman’s death By Jeremy Hartley jhartley@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A grand jury presentment provided to the media has detailed the investigation and testimonies that led to felony charges in the death of Corinne Pena. Sabine I. Graham, 24, and Maria K. Gilligan, 21, have both been charged for drug delivery resulting in death, District Attorney Stacy Parks Miller said in a news conference Tuesday evening. She credited the work of the Ferguson Township Police Department in its investigation into Pena’s death. According to the presentment, Pena died Feb. 13, 2015, and was left half-dressed alongside Plainfield Road, where she was not discovered until the following day. After learning her identity and that she was from the Philadelphia area, a series of individuals came forward saying that Pena had been staying with a State College man prior to her death. An autopsy on Pena was performed Feb. 15, 2015, at Mount Nittany Medical Center, the presentment said, and “obvious” signs of intravenous drug use were documented. A toxicology report revealed fentanyl was found in her system and was the cause of death. Ferguson Township police Detective Josh Martin testified that Gilligan came forward to identify Pena on Feb. 16, 2015, the presentment said, saying she admitted she met Pena in rehab and was told by Pena she would be in the State College area with a friend she referred to as “Stockbroker Rob.” Rob was later identified as Robert Moir, who pleaded guilty for his role in abandoning her body alongside the road and was sentenced for abuse of a corpse. She reportedly said she and Pena had gone to Lock Haven together the day before she died, the presentment said, and called Moir, who told her Pena had left the previous morning. She allegedly felt this was suspicious and felt Moir must be involved in the body dumping. Martin testified that surveillance footage had been obtained from the Wal-Mart on North Atherton Street showing Pena, Gilligan, Graham and another female at the store at about 3:45 p.m. Feb. 13. Pena was then picked up by a vehicle matching the description for Moir’s vehicle. Martin said he spoke with Graham on Feb. 22, 2015, the presentment said, who initially claimed to have picked up Pena and Gilligan at the Party City in State College and drove them to the Wal-Mart in Lock Haven. When confronted that Party City is in close proximity to the Wal-Mart on Benner Pike, she reportedly changed her story and said she drove them to a different store. She said she had obtained 22 bags of heroin while in Lock Haven, according to the presentment, and delivered 14 of them to Pena. An acquaintance of Graham’s, whose name was redacted, testified to purchasing heroin from her as well. This person also said Graham admitted she could be tied to two separate overdoses — Pena’s and a second female who overdosed in a Ross’s clothing store bathroom. Based on the evidence, the presentment said, the grand jury concluded that Graham had obtained what she knew to be illicit substances; delivered 14 bags of heroin to Pena, who ingested eight bags worth based on the number of bags discovered with her belongings; and that Pena had ingested a fatal dose of fentanyl. Bail for both Graham and Gilligan was set at $150,000 straight each by District Judge Ronald Horner, according to court documents. A preliminary hearing for both is set for April 19. Jeremy Hartley: 814-231-4616, @JJHartleyNews LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 1:19 13 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 0:08 2 months ago EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser 0:26 3 months ago Police respond to reported shooting View More Video Crime Howard man indicted by federal grand jury in enticement case Woman facing drug charges waives preliminary hearing Houtzdale man faces drug charges Police need help identifying man suspected in burglary Man faces child pornography charges after Google, AT&T tips Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
null
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 46° Login Subscribe Full Menu 46° Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime April 12, 2017 4:46 PM Police need help identifying man suspected in burglary From CDT staff reports LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Penn State police are seeking assistance in a reported burglary on campus. According to police, a male is suspected in a burglary and access device fraud investigation at the physical plant building. The man reportedly stole a purse and used credit cards from the purse to make purchases at the Best Buy and Wal-Mart in State College and the Wal-Mart in Mill Hall. The purchases totaled more than $4,000, police said. Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 863-1111 or provide a tip at tip@centrecountycrimestoppers.com. Information leading to an arrest may be eligible for a reward up to $1,000. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 12 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 1:19 12 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 0:08 2 months ago EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser 0:26 3 months ago Police respond to reported shooting View More Video Crime Howard man indicted by federal grand jury in enticement case Woman facing drug charges waives preliminary hearing Houtzdale man faces drug charges Grand jury detailed investigation into woman’s death Man faces child pornography charges after Google, AT&T tips Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Thursday, April 13, 2017   Read in Myanmar | Subscribe Now Myanmar Times Home National News Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay & Upper Myanmar In Brief Business Technology Property News Pulse Dining Travel What's On Fiction Chronicles of Bei Ka Street A Study in Saffron A Scent of Scandal The Pickled Blend The Mystery of the Silver Spoon The Adventure of the Devil’s Toyshop The Adventure of the Great Bell of Magwe Lady Don't Fall Backwards Sports Myanmar Open Golf Martial Arts Opinion In Depth Special Features Thingyan 2017 EduCentre Food & Entertainment Christmas & New Year's 2016 Travel Myanmar 2016 Banking & Finance 2016 IT & Telecommunications Food & Drink Weddings 2016 Healthy Living 2016 IT & Electronics Health Election 2015 In Pictures Panglong By-Election Jobs Can global capitalism be saved amid a populist surge? By Alexander Friedman   |   Tuesday, 15 November 2016 Tweet The politics of economic anxiety has now driven the electorates of the United Kingdom and the United States into the hands of populists. If only, so the received wisdom goes, economies could get back to a more “normal” rate of GDP and productivity growth, life would improve for more people, anti-establishment sentiment would wane, and politics would return to “normal” as well. Then, capitalism, globalisation, and democracy could continue their forward march. A South Korean dealer works in front of monitors at the KEB Hana Bank in Seoul on September 12. The benchmark South Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) plummeted 46.39 points under influence of poor showings from the global stock market and Samsung Electronics. Photo: EPA But such thinking reflects an extrapolation from one largely aberrant period in history. That period is over, and the forces that sustained it are unlikely to align again anytime soon. Technological innovation and demographics are now a headwind, not a tailwind, for growth, and financial engineering can’t save the day. The aberrant period in history is the hundred or so years after the US Civil War, during which breakthroughs in energy, electrification, telecommunications, and transportation fundamentally reshaped societies. Human lives became markedly more productive, and life expectancies rose dramatically. The global population grew over 50 percent between 1800 and 1900, and then more than doubled over the following 50 years, with economies growing much faster than in previous centuries. By the end of the 1970s, growth began to slow in many of the developed Western economies, and US President Ronald Reagan and Federal Reserve chair Alan Greenspan ushered in a debt cycle that supercharged activity. The US, until then a net creditor to the world, became a net borrower, with China and other emerging markets benefiting from America’s rising trade deficit. Financial leverage drove global growth onward for almost another 30 years. The 2008 global crisis brought an abrupt end to the era of financial engineering. But policymakers don’t like to see growth slow, and central bankers exhausted their toolkits in an attempt to stimulate economic activity despite insufficient demand. With less and less yield to be found in traditional fixed-income assets, investors piled into risk assets of all forms, driving up their price; the rich got richer, and the middle class was left further behind. As growth in the real economy continued to stagnate, angry populism surged, resulting in Brexit and President-elect Trump. For all that central bankers have done to revive economic growth, the forces of demographics and innovation have worked against them. Advanced economies’ aging populations are drawing more and more on social safety nets. China is also aging. Most of today’s (and tomorrow’s) demographic growth is in Africa, where it doesn’t drive global productivity to the extent that it does elsewhere. Furthermore, the current wave of technological innovation is not lifting all boats. Even as the likes of Uber and Amazon, and, more fundamentally, robotics, add convenience, they do so by displacing working-class jobs and/or driving down wages. This is typical of the process of “creative destruction” that Joseph Schumpeter famously described as being the handmaiden of growth in capitalist economies. The first wave of a breakthrough innovation chiefly benefits a few entrepreneurs. Then comes a wave of displacement, as the technology is adapted to existing industries. Three decades ago, it was Wal-Mart using computers and logistics to wipe out small “mom and pop” stores; today, it is Amazon taking on Wal-Mart. The third wave is the widespread diffusion of the innovation in ways that lift overall productivity and living standards. This takes much longer. Or, as the Nobel laureate economist Robert Solow observed in 1987, “You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics.” Northwestern University’s Robert Gordon has argued that the economic impact of today’s innovations doesn’t hold a candle to that of plumbing or electricity. Perhaps, or it may be that we are at an early stage of the Schumpeterian cycle of innovation (enriching a few) and destruction (creating anxiety in vulnerable sectors). Eventually, average productivity and real incomes are likely to benefit as breakthrough technologies enable new kinds of growth. The problem is that it may take a decade or longer before robotics and the like feed a broader rising tide that lifts all boats. And whether Schumpeter or Gordon is right is irrelevant for politicians facing angry voters whose standard of living has declined. Today, their fed-up constituents reject globalisation; tomorrow, they may become Luddites. The question now is whether a shift in focus from unconventional monetary policies to Keynesian demand management can save the day. It is widely assumed that monetary policy is a spent force in the US and Europe, and that fiscal stimulus and expansion – for example, via tax cuts and infrastructure spending – must take over. But this requires stable political systems that can sustain long-term fiscal strategies. Recent developments, particularly in Europe, suggest that such strategies will be difficult to implement. In the US, Trump’s victory, coupled with Republican majorities in both houses of Congress, paves the way for tax cuts and increased defense spending. The pump looks set to be primed. But fiscal expansion is likely to meet resistance from monetary policy, as the Fed resumes its “normalisation” of interest rates. Still, the hope is that faster US growth and rising wages will quell voters’ populist rebellion. The onus, ironically, will remain on the Fed to “do the right thing” – namely, to normalise interest rates with extreme caution, while allowing the share of labour income in GDP to rise, even if that requires some overshooting of inflation. To paraphrase Dylan Thomas, we believers in markets should not go gently into the populist night. We should fight against the dying of the light of global capitalism with every tool we can muster. Today’s slowing growth and political backlash is not some “new normal.” Rather, it harks back to an “old normal,” last experienced in the 1930s. Whatever the right way forward for the global economy, we know that it cannot mean a return to the isolationism and protectionism of that era. – Project Syndicate Alexander Friedman is Chief Executive Officer of GAM. He has also served as Global Chief Investment Officer of UBS, Chief Financial Officer of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, and a White House fellow during the Clinton Administration. Most Read - Opinion Putin’s dance with the Taliban Myanmar’s middle-class bulge Standing on the coastline We need rule of law, not mob rule Embracing business and human rights Women the unsung heroes of Myanmar’s agricultural economy Arts and science dichotomy in matriculation exams: possible lessons? Indonesia must lead for sake of its interests in South China Sea After 25 years, why aren’t we environmentally sustainable yet? Depression: Let’s Talk Most Read - In Depth Questions over China’s role after delay in talks US delays over appointment of special envoy to Myanmar Tension beneath the surface Inle report highlights tourism impact Unravelling the minimum wage Fair pay for Myanmar’s civil servants Despite action plan, IDP resettlement a distant dream Myanmar shows its metta for Nepal Myanmar after military rule - How the political-economic contours are taking shape NLD chief still barred from presidency under draft charter changes Copyright © 2017 The Myanmar Times. All rights reserved. Home National News Business The Pulse Sports Opinion In Depth Special Features In Pictures Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay and Upper Myanmar Property News Technology What's On Travel Dining About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Subscriptions Facebook Twitter Work With Us
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference Mercy earns ‘A’ for patient safety Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 Family memories cut short common theme of actions among Death Row inmates set to die TB&P Daily: Arkansas State Chamber CEO Randy Zook gives the session an ‘A-‘ Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date Fayetteville oncology clinic hopes to continue working with IBM Watson to facilitate cancer trials Whirlpool exec reports property settlements, says company will ‘continue to be responsible’ following plant sale Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Arkansas State Chamber CEO Randy Zook gives the session an ‘A-‘ TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Syria and the death penalty Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Little Rock slackwater harbor expansion awaiting Trump administration approval Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Amazon Cash app will allow millions of unbanked consumers to shop Amazon.com BusinessFinance by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 12 hours ago 19 views  Tags: Amazon Cash 0 SHARES Share Tweet Amazon is not the first retailer to try and woo 17 million unbanked U.S. consumers to shop online. But, the Seattle-based e-tailer recently launched Amazon Cash in conjunction with brick and mortar retail partners such as CVS Pharmacy and Kum & Go that allows consumers to upload money to their Amazon account via a smartphone at participating retailers. Amazon recently launched the new cash service similar to PayPal My Cash previously offered without the $3.95 added fee. The minimum cash upload is $15 and the maximum is $500 in a single transaction, according to Amazon. While the service will most likely be accessed with a smartphone, paper printouts are acceptable. Amazon said the bar code received from Amazon Cash can be printed out from a laptop or desktop and that piece of paper can be taken to the participating store and scanned into the system, if the consumer doesn’t have a smartphone. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., estimates that around 27% of consumers are underbanked or unbanked entirely, in that they are largely a pay-with-cash demographic. The FDIC said around 17 million U.S. consumers have no bank account and another 51 million don’t regularly use a bank account. Online retailers have long tried to reach this demographic with tactics such as selling prepaid debit cards in their stores which can used to shop online. Wal-Mart Stores took that one step further in recent years when it began allowing customers to order online and choose a pay- in-cash option. The customer then has 48 hours to take the cash to the store before the order is filled. Amazon Cash sits in the customer’s online account and can be used to shop online, or access media. In the past a shopper would have had to purchase an Amazon gift card now they have the money on deposit with Amazon. CVS Pharmacy and Kum & Go convenience stores are two Amazon retail partners with locations in Arkansas. In other states Speedway, Sheetz, Family Fare, D.W. Fresh, and VG’s Grocery are participating in the Amazon Cash program. Amazon said it will add more retailers to its approved list. Jefferies equity analyst Bret Jordan said Amazon Cash eliminates a barrier for cash-only households, but he doesn’t expect significant market share growth for Amazon with because there are “friction” points in that customers have to go to a participating retailer and then upload the cash into their account. Because cash-only customers are focused on price, Jordan also doesn’t expect those who do use the service to become Prime members given the costs and that will mean higher shipping costs for them. Jefferies estimates Amazon might pull 20% of the cash-only households by offering this program. RetailWire asked retail insiders if this move by Amazon is a threat to its competitors and what they expect the impact to be on the retail competition. Results found that 73% of the respondents said this demographic is “somewhat likely” to use Amazon Cash, and 13% believed Amazon Cash would “very likely” draw in significant numbers of the underbanked and unbanked demographic. About 14% of respondents think it’s more unlikely to happen. Most analysts don’t think Amazon Cash will disrupt Walmart’s apple cart given the retailer already has a cash shopping option for its online customers. Morgan Stanley analyst James Faucette, notes that it’s PayPal likely to feel the brunt of this new service. “Ultimately, we do not view this announcement as a needle mover for Amazon, but it would somewhat diminish the value of PayPal to them,” Faucette said. Several retail experts believe the move by Amazon will be well received by Millennials and Generation Z, but it may not be that big of deal overall. Steve Montgomery, president of B2B Solutions, said this unbanked demographic has had a number of options for several years that allow them to shop online. He said prepaid visa cards don’t limit them to one retailer. Montgomery said this will add some incremental sales to Amazon, but he doesn’t see it as a huge win. Comments comments Previous post Vehicle owners poised to buy next car online, used car dealers don’t foresee impact Next post Two Arkansans among ‘Outstanding Young Manufacturing Engineers’ honorees Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds 7 hours ago Gov. Hutchinson touts growth of tech businesses at Women in Tech conference 8 hours ago Mercy earns ‘A’ for patient safety 10 hours ago Second convention center project in Jonesboro delayed; Officials eye fall 2018 completion date 11 hours ago DFA official: First medical marijuana could go on sale in January 2018 11 hours ago Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 3,278 views ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 2,083 views Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple 1,811 views Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance 1,585 views President Trump numbers slip, Gov. Hutchinson approval rises in Arkansas 1,438 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español RCA Voyager III review: Even at $50, this tablet can't hold a candle to Amazon's Fire By Xiomara Blanco Reviewed: April 12, 2017 This dirt-cheap tablet isn't worth your time by Xiomara Blanco 2:13 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 $39.98 RCA Voyager III (Android 6.0, black) (Part #: RCT6873W42) 2 Related Models RCA Voyager III (Android 6.0, pink) rct6873w42pink RCA Voyager III (Android 6.0, blue) rct6873w42blue Amazon.com $39.98 See it Amazon Marketplace $44.63 See it See all prices Compare These Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Google Pixel C Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Apple iPad Mini 4 CNET Editors' Rating Be the first to review! The Good The RCA Voyager III is an affordably priced tablet that runs apps from the Google Play store. The Bad The plastic design feels cheap. Performance is slow. Touchscreen response consistently lags. Battery life is pitiful. The Bottom Line The RCA Voyager III is a barebones tablet at a great price, however the Amazon Fire is still the best tablet in this price range. 4.7 Overall Design 4.0 Features 5.0 Performance 5.0 Review Sections Review Prices Specifications User Reviews CNET Mobile Tablets RCA Voyager III A quintessential bottom-of-the-barrel tablet with barebones features, the simple 7-inch RCA Voyager III is sold exclusively through Wal-Mart for only $50. That's a helluva bargain when compared to, well, any tablet other than the Amazon Fire. Amazon caused quite a frenzy in 2015 when it released the $50 Fire tablet. For a (then unheard of) jaw-droppingly low price, the Fire turned out to be a pretty decent tablet -- for its price. (The Fire retails for $50, but you can currently find it on sale for $40.) 17 The RCA Voyager III is the fugliest tablet I've ever seen It's hard to be disappointed in a cheap tablet, because, really, what do you expect for $50? Aside from checking email, light reading, casual web surfing and maybe streaming a movie or two, a $50 tablet can't do much. (And anyone who thinks a budget tablet can be used as an everyday laptop replacement or a great video-watching device is highly delusional.) Yet, the RCA Voyager III doesn't hold a candle to the the Fire. In comparison to the Amazon tablet, it's an unattractive, slow and lackluster tablet. The only thing is has going for it (besides it rock-bottom price) is its Google Play Store access. If you're strapped for cash and can't afford anything more, take my word for it, you're better off choosing the Fire (which you can side-load Google Play apps onto anyway). View full gallery This Voyager is going nowhere. Josh Miller/CNET U-G-L-Y This is the fugliest tablet I have ever seen. And I've seen a lot of tablets. Maybe it's because I'm fresh off reviewing the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3, one of the best-looking Android tablets ever, that in comparison the RCA Voyager III looks like a crime against the evolution of tablet design. View full gallery What are those?? Josh Miller/CNET It's not even the outdated, girthy, all-plastic design that offends, that's to be expected of a budget tablet. It's the other bewildering design choices that perfectly exemplify why RCA (or the low-rent electronics company that licensed the old RCA name) should probably leave tablets to the experts. The biggest aesthetic assault happens on the tablet's bottom edge, where there are three highly visible screws interchangeably sandwiched between the power button, volume rocker and headphone jack. I cringe every time I look at them. What is this, a prototype? Even as ugly ducklings, most tablets avoided such an ugly faux pas. View full gallery Ew. Josh Miller/CNET The speaker on the back of the tablet is also an unsightly eyesore. It has a grill with holes so large, food crumbs and other debris easily fall into it. (Not to mention the speaker quality is crap.) To be sure, all cheap tablets have to cut corners somewhere to meet their low price point, and design is often one of them. Even the Amazon Fire is homely at best, however the RCA tablet's crude construction is appallingly bad. View full gallery It's like they weren't even trying to make it look decent. Josh Miller/CNET Almost-pure Android The RCA Voyager runs a mostly pure version of Android 6.0 with a few pre-loaded apps, like Wal-Mart and Vudu, as well as Google's suite of apps, including Gmail, YouTube, Google Maps and Google Docs. View full gallery The Google Play Store has more apps than the Amazon App Store. Josh Miller/CNET Even though it's an outdated version of Android, the uncluttered OS is a nice feature. In comparison, the Amazon Fire runs a custom version of Android that works great if you're a Prime member, since it allows for easy access to the free TV shows, books, movies and games that are included in a Prime membership. However, if you're not a Prime member, you're left with a limiting experience. Importantly, the RCA tablet has access to the Google Play Store. This is one big advantage over the Fire. Amazon tablets are limited to the ultra-curated Amazon App Store, which doesn't have as many apps available as the Play Store. Continue to next page 01 02 Best Tablets of 2017 See All Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Starting at: $504.00 Apple has shrunk down last year's oversize iPad Pro and added a few enticing new features.... Google Pixel C Starting at: $599.00 The Google Pixel C is a performance monster with a sleek design and impressively solid... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Starting at: $597.99 The Galaxy Tab S3 is an impeccably designed tablet with an impressive stylus and stunning... Apple iPad Mini 4 Starting at: $399.00 New for 2015, Apple gives its smallest iPad model a much needed tune-up. But does the... Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Starting at: $649.00 Packing more pixels into a slimmer body, and adding a redesigned keyboard, the Surface... Xiomara Blanco Xiomara Blanco is an associate editor for CNET Reviews. She's a Bay Area native with a knack for tech that makes life easier and more enjoyable. So, don't expect her to review printers anytime soon. See full bio This week on CNET News Samsung Galaxy S8 won't launch with Bixby voice assistant Internet giants roar back against net neutrality teardown BlackBerry wins something for once: $815M from Qualcomm     Discuss: RCA Voyager III (Android 6.0, black) Conversation powered by Livefyre CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business Entertainment Critic’s Corner S.W.A.G Awards Rediscover Detroit Rediscover Detroit: East English Village Rediscover Detroit: Green Acres Rediscover Detroit: Schulze Community Rediscover Detroit: Berry Subdivision Rediscover Detroit: Shorepointe Village Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business Entertainment Critic’s Corner S.W.A.G Awards Rediscover Detroit Rediscover Detroit: East English Village Rediscover Detroit: Green Acres Rediscover Detroit: Schulze Community Rediscover Detroit: Berry Subdivision Rediscover Detroit: Shorepointe Village Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List Entertainment Home > Entertainment “Not Another Black Movie” To Debut In Detroit AJ Williams, Michigan Chronicle Digital Editor Leave a comment The Detroit double screening of the much-anticipated film from Diesel World Productions and Jay Davis Films, “Not Another Black Movie”, will be held at the historic Marlene Boll Theatre located in Detroit at 1401 Broadway on Friday, April 28th, 2017 at 6:00 pm and 8:00 pm. Doors open at 5:30 pm. The Marlene Boll Theater has an intimate appeal which will bring this hysterical comedy to you in a larger than life presentation. “Not Another Black Movie” is a spoof of popular black movies such as Soul Food, Tyler Perry’s “Daddy’s Little Girls”, and “Diary of a Mad Black Woman” to name a few. “Not Another Black Movie” is the follow up to the 2015 comedy “Not Another Zombie Movie”, which is available at Walmart, Best Buy, Sears, Amazon Prime, and Barnes & Noble. Would you go to therapy with crazy family members to collect millions? It wouldn’t be as easy as you think…. When the family matriarch, Big Mama, passes away, her dying wish is to make sure the family she raised address their personal demons. Now, her dysfunctional family must seek unconventional therapy to get a multi-million-dollar inheritance. Chaos ensues as they are forced to deal with old rivalries, volatile marriages, and failed dreams. Not Another Black Movie stars Damon Williams (Bad Boys of Comedy, Comic View, BET LIVE, The Tom Joyner Morning Show), Janet Hubert (The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air), Rodney Perry (The Monique Show, Who’s Got Jokes) Jay Davis (Not Another Zombie Movie, Shots Fired), and Leon Rogers (WGCI, Comic View, Bad Boys of Comedy) ‘’Not Another Black Movie is directed by Emmy Award-winning cinema photographer Donte “Diesel” Williams and written by Jay Davis. Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols 2017 Michigan Chronicle S.W.A.G Scholarship Awards Who’s the Gorgeous Black Woman Sitting Behind Neil Gorsuch? He’s Rick James, B*tch: Fans Call Dave Chappelle’s Crazy Drunk Show A Waste Of Money [VIDEO] The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Apr 13, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In World US UK Europe Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Brexit Migrant Crisis All News Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Assembly Election Election 2016 Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Brexit Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Trump presidency Terror attacks Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Trump considers privatising airports and dams US president’s trillion-dollar infrastructure plan likely to face opposition in Congress about 12 hours ago IBM chief executive Ginni Rometty, General Electric former chief executive Jack Welch and White House adviser Kellyanne Conway take part in a meeting of business leaders hosted by US president Donald Trump on Tuesday. Photograph: Joshua Roberts/Reuters         Donald Trump is considering privatising America’s airports and dams as part of an infrastructure building programme that could exceed past estimates of a trillion dollars. But the US president, bruised by the failure of his healthcare bill, could again face a combination of doubtful Democrats and sceptical conservatives threatening to scuttle the flagship project. On Tuesday, Mr Trump hosted 16 business leaders, including the chief executives of General Electric, IBM, PepsiCo and Walmart, to discuss subjects including infrastructure, regulations and fixing the Veterans Administration. Philip Howard, a lawyer and advocate of “government simplification”, took part in a break-out session with Elaine Chao, the transportation secretary; Bayo Ogunlesi, chairman of Global Infrastructure Partners; and Matt Rose, executive chairman of the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railway, which then reported back to Mr Trump. The president has pledged to release $1 trillion (€943 billion) in private and public investments to repair bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, upgrade airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans, but Mr Howard said Mr Trump acknowledged even this sum might not be enough. “That was a figure that people discussed but it wasn’t hard and fast and in fact I think President Trump at one point mentioned that perhaps it should be more,” he told the Guardian after leaving the White House grounds. “Fixing infrastructure’s really important and it’s going to cost. He was very hopeful that Democrats, certainly on the infrastructure part of this, would be very cooperative.” Among the ideas discussed was the privatisation of US airports. “America can do much more than it has, and can do what other countries in Europe and Australia have done, by harnessing private capital,” Mr Howard said. “So it could privatise a number of assets such as airports and dams, and get a lot of capital from that, as well as increase the tax base.” Electric vehicles Hundreds of airports around the world have been privatised or partly privatised but, Mr Howard noted, but virtually none in America. “Experience shows that private operators actually do a better job for the customer as well as for efficiency’s sake.” Last year the Cato Institute, a conservative thinktank, published a paper that endorsed privatising the US’s more than 500 commercial airports, which are currently owned by state and local governments and rely on the federal government for capital improvements. Mr Howard also called for an increase in public-private partnerships similar to other countries. “Government is needed for many things but it’s not necessarily the most efficient mechanism to fix a road, for example,” he said. The lawyer gave his backing to a vehicle miles travelled (VMT) tax so that, as motorists moved toward electric or hybrid vehicles, drivers of those with internal combustion engines do not have to bear the burden for maintaining roads: “Every car would pay the same. You travel 10,000 miles, you pay for 10,000 miles.” On Tuesday, the Associated Press reported that the White House intends to propose a package of tax breaks meant to help spur $1 trillion in new spending on roads, bridges and other construction over the next decade. But as part of that bill, it said, Mr Trump also wants to introduce measures to significantly shorten approval times for projects. Mr Howard called for an overhaul of the infrastructure permitting process, cutting through red tape for faster decisions. “There’s been this accretion of well-meaning laws over the last 50 years with no one in charge of drawing lines, so the process can take a decade or longer to get an infrastructure project,” he said. “The effect of that is that it more than doubles the cost of infrastructure and it’s also dramatically harmful to the environment, ironically, because conducting an environmental review just prolongs bottlenecks. “So there needs to be a new mechanism, basically clear lines of authority to make decisions. Congress caused the problem and, although the administration can do certain things by itself, Congress needs to solve that problem. It’s kind of a mosh pit of overlapping regulatory requirements often run by agencies with dramatically different missions that don’t even like each other.” Guardian service       Topics: Trump presidency Bayo Ogunlesi Donald Trump Elaine Chao Matt Rose Philip Howard Cato Institute White House General Electric Global Infrastructure IBM PepsiCo WalMart Australia Europe United States Read More Melania Trump accepts damages and apology from ‘Daily Mail’ Rex Tillerson meets Vladimir Putin in Moscow amid icy reception Sean Spicer apologises for ‘even Hitler’ Holocaust comment Nikki Haley: the unexpected rise of Trump’s woman at the UN Putin wants UN chemical weapons watchdog to investigate Syrian attack US stance on Russia hardens as Tillerson arrives in Moscow Dortmund bus attack: man in custody as terror link ‘likely’ Evacuation deal begins in Syria with prisoner exchange Pressure builds on Zuma as opposition forces amass in Pretoria Carrie Lam officially appointed Hong Kong leader by Beijing  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Irish News 1:43 Bus Éireann drivers prepare for return to work Opinion After Islamic State what comes next? Rugby Johnny Sexton rejects claims he ‘milks’ late hits to win penalties Politics Water charges: focus shifts to refunds after FF deal with FG Latest World Trump says US relations with Russia at ‘all-time low’ 01:00 United passenger launches legal action over forceful removal 00:18 United Airlines will not use police to remove overbooked passengers 23:17 Russia maintains support for Assad after Tillerson meeting 20:30 Sean Spicer apology tour continues after rough day 20:27 Most Read in News 1 Bus Éireann drivers prepare for return to work 2 Canadian who travelled to Ireland for sex with girl (14) sentenced 3 Miriam Lord: A day that called for protective ear muffs 4 ‘Modern slavery’ in Italy: A tale of grapes, death and injustice 5 Water charges: focus shifts to refunds after FF deal with FG Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 13/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business Could an activist investor save Whole Foods? Jana Partners seeks to give the organic grocery chain's operations and management a much-needed shakeup. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Why United Airlines fiasco resonated with so many Google rolls out new 'Fact Check' tool worldwide to combat fake news In Atlanta's suburbs, is a political revolution brewing? US-Russia diplomacy: Why one airstrike does not leverage make Cover Story Appalachia's new trail: finding life after coal Popular Now First Look What makes a knot strong? Scientists have figured out how your shoelaces untie themselves. Why United Airlines fiasco resonated with so many Google rolls out new 'Fact Check' tool worldwide to combat fake news In Atlanta's suburbs, is a political revolution brewing? The mystery of knitting ... remains a mystery Photos of the day 04/12 SUBSCRIBE Pedestrians pass in front of a Whole Foods Market store in Union Square, New York, Feb. 10, 2016. An activist investor is pushing for change within the ranks of the company. Julie Jacobson/AP | Caption Loading... Ben Rosen Staff | @Benji_Rosen April 12, 2017 Boston—Walk into any Whole Foods and you will see its signature green-and-white logo, earthy decor, and aisles and aisles of organic foods and other specialty products. On the surface all looks well as a steady stream of shoppers select from carefully curated shelves and baskets of fresh produce labeled with their geographical source, the more local the better. But an activist investor who has mounted a challenge to the health-food chain’s leadership sees something else: a missed opportunity. Jana Partners, founded by Barry Rosenstein, said in a regulatory filing made public on Monday that Whole Foods’s shares are undervalued because of “chronic underperformance.” This speaks to the setbacks found in daily operations not always obvious to loyal customers that include such core activities as procurement and buying practices, pricing strategies, and online offerings, to name a few. The investor and its team of retail and food luminaries, which include a former chief executive of Gap and food journalist and cookbook author Mark Bittman, want the chain to improve its operations and technology, shake up its board and senior management, and push for a sale.  Could the move be the answer that Whole Foods needs in order to stay relevant in the organic food movement it helped create? In recent years the retailer appears to have lost its way as Kroger, Costco, Wal-Mart, and meal kit providers such as Blue Apron now offer many of the same products, oftentimes at lower prices.  Jana, which, along with its affiliates, now owns 8.8 percent of Whole Foods’s shares, is trying to convince the board, and, importantly,  other long-term shareholders, including The Vanguard Group and Goldman Sachs, that its plan is the best course of action to revive the chain, explains Alon Brav, a finance professor at Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business who has researched activist investors. Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz! “This is, in many ways, democracy in play,” Dr. Brav tells The Christian Science Monitor in a phone interview. “The beauty of it is that we are not having someone acquire 40 or 50 percent decide what to do. [Jana] bought 9 [percent].... All of these other longterm shareholders will now have to take a stand, and will have to digest what’s going on, whether they think these operational improvements are viable or whether the company has it right.” Jana hasn’t yet met with Whole Foods’s current board or executives including its outspoken libertarian co-founder John Mackey, according to media reports, citing people familiar with the matter. It is also unclear whether the chain will pay heed to Jana’s sharp-worded filing it submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission four months before its deadline to launch a board fight.  In addition to reporting that it and its affiliates are the second-largest shareholders of Whole Foods, Jana proposed four new board nominees, including Mr. Bittman, a former New York Times food columnist, and Glenn Murphy, the former chief executive officer of Gap. Jana was also critical of Whole Foods's real estate and capital allocation strategies, operations and brand development, and grocery and distribution strategies, and encouraged Whole Foods to explore how much it could sell for. Jana’s list of potential bidders includes Amazon, as well as traditional grocery chains such as Kroger Co. and Albertsons Cos., according to Bloomberg. A private equity firm could also step in, helping take Whole Foods private to fix its problems out of the public eye. Whole Foods responded on Tuesday by saying it is open to the views and opinions of all shareholders. “We are committed to driving value for all Whole Foods Market shareholders and will continue to act to achieve this important objective,” Whole Foods spokeswoman Brooke Buchanan said in a statement shared with the Monitor. News of the filing bumped Whole Foods’s shares up almost 10 percent on Nasdaq on Monday to close at $34.18, its biggest rally in more than two years. Its stock had previously climbed just 1 percent in 2017, lagging behind the 5.2 percent advance of Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, according to Bloomberg. Shares of Whole Foods then jumped an additional 4.3 percent to $35 in early trading after Bloomberg reported Amazon mulled a takeover last fall, but didn’t pursue the deal. But analysts were unsure how long Whole Foods’s stock would trend upward, even as healthy and fresh food sales increase across the industry. Sales of organic products, for instance, increased 209 percent in the United States between 2005 and 2015, reaching $43.3 billion by 2016, according to the Organic Trade Association in North America. Whole Foods’s stalled growth is evident in its slowed market penetration. According to data from Kantar Retail’s ShopperSCape survey, Whole Foods had a 7 percent penetration rate in 2009 when it had about 273 stores, reported The Washington Post. Since then, the chain has expanded to more than 420 locations, but its market penetration only increased to 8 percent. “That means its major capital investments in building those stores – and the ongoing expense of staffing and maintaining them – have not done much to grow its share of devoted shoppers,” writes Sarah Halzack, the Post’s national retail reporter. “The industry has really upped its game,” consultant Roger Davidson told Bloomberg. “[Whole Foods has] to open that gap again,” he said, urging the company to reconnect with the food trends that fueled its growth in earlier days. Customers exiting a Whole Foods in the heart of Boston on Tuesday were seen carrying little more than a single grocery bag, a hot or cold lunch, or a coffee. It was lunchtime on a workday, but customers who spoke to the Monitor said they only shop at the store for certain products, not all of their grocery needs. Joy Erb, of Melrose, Mass., visits a Whole Foods every couple of weeks, this time to buy peppermint oil and flaxseed. But she is interested in Whole Foods’s chain of stores under the name 365, a smaller-store format promising good-value, private-label products. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × Northeastern University students Kanisth Raghani and Saumya Chopra acknowledge they don’t cook often, but prefer Whole Foods to other grocery stores. They especially like the market’s fresh fruits and cakes, which they fear might diminish in quality if the chain expands.   This report contains material from Reuters.  Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit   Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Hostile takeover? Safeway tries 'poison pill' defense. By Associated Press The Bite Why popular European grocer Lidl is entering the US market By Lonnie Shekhtman Organic food is more popular than ever, so why is Whole Foods struggling? By Mengqi Sun Photos of the Day Photos of the day 04/12 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Fire incident at hospital leads to prison term Wednesday, April 12, 2017 By Den McLaughlin dmclaughlin@tnonline.com A Monroe County man, charged with setting an oxygen line on fire in the emergency room at the Gnaden Huetten Campus of Blue Mountain Health System, entered a guilty plea on Tuesday in Carbon County court. James Akowi Mauhili, 34, of Pocono Summit, pleaded to one count of risking a catastrophe but mentally ill before Judge Steven R. Serfass. Two felony one arson counts were dropped in a plea bargain. According to Lehighton police officer Neal A. Ebbert, Mauhili lit the fire in the emergency room of the hospital at about 5:50 a.m. on Jan. 26, 2016. Earlier that morning Mauhili is also accused of lighting a fire behind a Walmart store in Mount Pocono. Ebbert wrote in his affidavit that he received a call at 5:50 a.m. Jan. 26 about a man attempting to light a fire in the emergency room of the hospital. At the hospital, nurses Eddie Berger and Paul Vrablic told Ebbert that Mauhili had been brought to the hospital for treatment by his mother. The affidavit says Mauhili was placed into a room and advised he had to change into hospital clothes. He refused. “When the nurse came back into the room, he observed (Mauhili) igniting the oxygen line on fire. He was using a lighter,” the affidavit says. “This oxygen line is a live feed of oxygen from the main tank to be used for treatment of patients.” Damage to the hospital was minimal. “Nurse Vrablic had to take measures to place the fire under control to prevent further damage or injuries to people on scene. Nurse Berger advised (Mauhili) that he could have injured, killed or cause an explosion to the hospital. He stated he did not care,” the affidavit says. Vrablic received a slight burn on his right hand while extinguishing the fire. On Tuesday, Mauhili was brought into the courtroom in a wheelchair. He is an inmate in the state correctional institution at Laurel Highlands on other charges in Monroe County. Defense attorney Paul Levy, of the public defender’s office, said his client has a history of serious mental health issues. He said since his incarceration in the state system he has been receiving counseling and the proper medication for his mental illness. He said Mauhili now has a clear mind and knows what is going on. Levy asked that the minimum prison term be imposed. Assistant District Attorney Brian Gazo did not agree with that request. He told Serfass that Mauhili already “got a substantial break” when the commonwealth agreed to drop the two felony arson charges. Serfass sentenced him to serve three to one day less 24 months in prison and ordered he get a mental health evaluation, supply a DNA sample, pay court costs of about $1,000 and a $50 per month supervision fee. He was given credit for 90 days spent in prison on the charges and paroled. Ron Gower contributed to this story Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion Last Modified: Thu, Apr 13 2017. 04 58 AM IST The insecurity of inequality In our globalized world, inequality cannot be left to markets and local communities to solve any more than climate change can Subscribe to our newsletter. Kaushik Basu As US senator Bernie Sanders recently pointed out, the Walton family, which owns Walmart, now owns more wealth than the bottom 42% of the US population. Photo: AP Global inequality today is at a level last seen in the late 19th century—and it is continuing to rise. With it has come a surging sense of disenfranchisement that has fuelled alienation and anger, and even bred nationalism and xenophobia. As people struggle to hold on to their shrinking share of the pie, their anxiety has created a political opening for opportunistic populists, shaking the world order in the process. The gap between rich and poor nowadays is mind-boggling. Oxfam has observed that the world’s eight richest people now own as much wealth as the poorest 3.6 billion. As US senator Bernie Sanders recently pointed out, the Walton family, which owns Walmart, now owns more wealth than the bottom 42% of the US population. I can offer my own jarring comparison. Using Credit Suisse’s wealth database, I found that the total wealth of the world’s three richest people exceeds that of all the people in three countries—Angola, Burkina Faso and the Democratic Republic of Congo—which together have a population of 122 million. To be sure, great progress on reducing extreme poverty—defined as consumption of less than $1.90 per day—has been achieved in recent decades. In 1981, 42% of the world’s population lived in extreme poverty. By 2013—the last year for which we have comprehensive data—that share had dropped to below 11%. Piecemeal evidence suggests that extreme poverty now stands at just above 9%. That is certainly something to celebrate. But our work is far from finished. And, contrary to popular belief, that work must not be confined to the developing world. As Angus Deaton recently pointed out, extreme poverty remains a serious problem in rich countries too. “Several million Americans—black, white and Hispanic—now live in households with per capita income of less than $2 per day,” he points out. Given the much higher cost of living (including shelter), he notes, such an income can pose an even greater challenge in a country like the US than it does in, say, India. This constraint is apparent in New York City, where the number of known homeless people has risen from 31,000 in 2002 to 63,000 today (the true figure, including those who have never used shelters, is about 5% higher). This trend has coincided with a steep rise in the price of housing: Over the last decade, rents have been rising more than three times as fast as wages. Ironically, the wealthy pay less, per unit, for many goods and services. A stark example is flying. Thanks to frequent flyer programmes, wealthy travellers pay less for each mile they fly. While this makes sense for airlines, which want to foster loyalty among frequent flyers, it represents yet another way in which wealth is rewarded in the marketplace. This phenomenon is also apparent in poor economies. A study of Indian villages showed that the poor face systematic price discrimination, exacerbating inequality. In fact, correcting for differences in prices paid by the rich and the poor improves the Gini coefficient (a common measure of inequality) by 12-23%. The better-off also get a whole host of goods for free. To name one seemingly trivial example, I can’t remember when I last bought a pen. They often simply appear on my desk, unintentionally left behind by people who stopped by my office. They vanish just as often, as people inadvertently pick them up. A non-trivial example is taxation. Rather than paying the most in taxes, the wealthiest people are often able to take advantage of loopholes and deductions that are not available to those earning less. Without having to break any rules, the wealthy receive what amount to subsidies, which would have a far larger positive impact if they were allocated to the poorest people. Beyond these concrete inequities, there are less obvious—but equally damaging—imbalances. In any situation where, legally, one’s rights are not enforced or even specified, the outcome will probably depend on custom, which is heavily skewed in favour of the rich. Wealthy citizens can not only vote; they can influence elections through donations and other means. In this sense, excessive wealth inequality can undermine democracy. Of course, in any well-run economy, a certain amount of inequality is inevitable and even needed, to create incentives and power the economy. But, nowadays, disparities of income and wealth have become so extreme and entrenched that they cross generations, with family wealth and inheritance having a far greater impact on one’s economic prospects than talent and hard work. And it works both ways: Just as children from wealthy families are more likely to be wealthy in adulthood, children of, say, former child labourers are more likely to work during their childhood. None of this is any individual’s fault. Many wealthy citizens have contributed to society and played by the rules. The problem is that the rules are often skewed in their favour. In other words, income inequality stems from systemic flaws. In our globalized world, inequality cannot be left to markets and local communities to solve any more than climate change can. As the consequences of rising domestic inequality feed through to geopolitics, eroding stability, the need to devise new rules, redistribution systems, and even global agreements is no longer a matter of morals; increasingly, it is a matter of survival. ©2017/Project Syndicate Kaushik Basu is professor of economics at Cornell University and a former chief economist of the World Bank. Kaushik Basu Topics: inequality Bernie Sanders Walmart nationalism xenophobia More From Livemint READ MORE Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka says will have to ‘live with’ H1B visa policy EPFO members to get loyalty benefit of up to Rs50,000 First Published: Thu, Apr 13 2017. 12 09 AM IST Editor's Picks Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Jim Rogers: Surprised Modi government got GST through Infosys Q4 profit falls 2.8% to Rs3,603 crore, guidance lower for FY18 Latest News Has Infosys’s recovery dissipated before it even started? Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka says will have to ‘live with’ H1B visa policy EPFO members to get loyalty benefit of up to Rs50,000 Curious case of the billion-dollar lithium mine sold for a song Instagram is upping the coolness quotient Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 38 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest A new way to save even more money at Walmart Beginning next week, Walmart will offer discounts on merchandise shoppers buy online and pick up in stores. Post to Facebook A new way to save even more money at Walmart Beginning next week, Walmart will offer discounts on merchandise shoppers buy online and pick up in stores.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2opi48s {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs A new way to save even more money at Walmart Georgea Kovanis , On Style 2:48 p.m. ET April 12, 2017 Walmart store (Photo: Jeff Chiu/Associated Press) 38 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Looking to save money at Walmart? Beginning next week, the nation's largest retailer will offer discounts on merchandise shoppers buy online and pick up in stores. Here are some examples: • LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry, 60119 – reg. $23.99 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $2.55 (new price: $21.44) • Coleman 150 quart  Heritage XP Marine Cooler –  reg.$111.49 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $4.46 (new price: $107.03) • VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70" Class 4K Ultra HDTV (M70-D3) – reg. $1,698 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $50 (new price $1,648) Read more: Should big-box stores pay more property taxes? Wal-Mart buys Michigan-based Moosejaw to boost online sales The discount is available on eligible online-only items  — about 10,000 right now, though the retailer expects to offer discounts on a million items by June. Shoppers need to buy their merchandise online and arrange to pick it up at a store. Encouraging shoppers to buy online and pick up merchandise in stores is a favorite strategy of retailers because it saves on shipping costs. According to Wal-Mart, it costs less to deliver products from its fulfillment centers to stores via its own fleet of trucks than it does to ship them to shoppers' homes. Wal-Mart says it's passing along the savings to shoppers who pickup in stores. Retailers also favor in store pickup because they figure shoppers will make unplanned purchases once they're inside the store —- something they would be less likely to do when a package arrives on their doorsteps. The Walmart Pickup Discounts begins April 19. Contact Georgea Kovanis: gkovanis@freepress.com. 38 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2opi48s
News Politics The Power Lunch: Florida Politics The dope on opioids Caption Gov. Rick Scott and Attorney General Pam Bondi fight opioid epidemic Steps include support for two pieces of legislation, steep discounts for overdose revivial drugs, and community workshops Steps include support for two pieces of legislation, steep discounts for overdose revivial drugs, and community workshops Caption Gov. Rick Scott and Attorney General Pam Bondi fight opioid epidemic Steps include support for two pieces of legislation, steep discounts for overdose revivial drugs, and community workshops Steps include support for two pieces of legislation, steep discounts for overdose revivial drugs, and community workshops Caption Florida House and Senate looking at big differences in budget plans A $4 billion difference between Senate and House budget plans includes billions in tuition and health carea costs. A $4 billion difference between Senate and House budget plans includes billions in tuition and health carea costs. Caption Gambling bills on the fast track in the Florida Legislature The Senate voted for a gambling bill, and a vastly different version passed its final House committee as both chambers look toward a conference to iron out details. The Senate voted for a gambling bill, and a vastly different version passed its final House committee as both chambers look toward a conference to iron out details. Caption House committee approves medical marijuana bill The House Health Quality Subcommittee voted 14-1 to pass a bill implementing Florida's medical marijuana constitutional amendment that is supported by the same organizations that actively campaigned against the amendment. The House Health Quality Subcommittee voted 14-1 to pass a bill implementing Florida's medical marijuana constitutional amendment that is supported by the same organizations that actively campaigned against the amendment. Caption Religious freedom is on the march A House committee and the full Senate pass a religious freedom bill for public school students. A House committee and the full Senate pass a religious freedom bill for public school students. By Dan SweeneyContact Reporter Colleges and Universities Donald Trump Bill Nelson Rick Scott Pam Bondi Paul Manafort U.S. Senate Greetings from Day 37 of the 60-day legislative session in Tallahassee! It's a big day today as both the House and the Senate will be amending and asking questions on their proposed state budgets. I'll have a full report on the budget votes after tomorrow's session, when they actually take a vote. But in the meantime, let's talk heroin. Breaking the horse: Gov. Rick Scott and Attorney General Pam Bondi called a press conference late yesterday to announce how they're going to fight Florida's opioid epidemic. This is a particular problem in our sunshiny area of the state, where ten people died in one day alone in Palm Beach County last month, and almost 600 people died of drug overdoses in both Broward and Palm Beach counties last year. Learn the myriad new ways in which Florida will fight the dope menace in my story. Speaking of Bondi: The lawyer in Attorney General Pam Bondi's office who helped defend the decision not to go after Trump University, Carlos Muniz, has just landed a job with the Trump administration, the Associated Press' Michael Biesecker and Gary Fineout report.  Feel the love: Florida voters are big fans of both Gov. Rick Scott and Sen. Bill Nelson, the Sun Sentinel's Anthony Man reports. A new poll from Morning Consult shows Scott with a net positive rating of 21 percent and Nelson at 27 percent. If it makes no sense that Floridians could approve of both the Republican governor and Democratic senator, keep in mind this is Florida. The will of our people doesn't have to make sense. Voters will likely have to pick between the two in 2018, when Scott could run against Nelson for the Senate.  Show us the money: House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O'Lakes, wants details on university appropriations. You'd think the House Speaker would already have this info, but as the Naples Daily News' Arek Sarkissian reports, millions of dollars in secret appropriations get tucked into university funding and no one's quite sure exactly where all the money is going to. Corcoran's demand comes after a previous story in the Daily News found that $1 million for a company run by a friend of state Sen. Aaron Bean, R-Fernandina Beach, got tucked into funding for Florida State University.  Show us the (Big Sugar) money: Gov. Rick Scott received $100,000 from U.S. Sugar and $50,000 each from Wal-Mart and AutoNation, Politico Florida's Matt Dixon and Bruce Ritchie report. All three entities have major issues at stake in the legislative session (Everglades reservoir, liquor wall and payments from car manufacturers to auto dealers when a car is recalled, respectively), leading to questions of influence peddling -- questions Scott dexterously sidestepped when asked. Meanwhile in TrumpWorld ... Sean Spicer is apologizing for his inadvertent Holocaust denial, the Associated Press' Ken Thomas and Jill Colvin report. The United States and Russia are in an extended battle of words over who knew about Syrian chemical weapons attacks and when, the Los Angeles Times' Tracy Wilkinson and Brian Bennett report. The Washington Post reports that, yes, the FBI was monitoring at least one adviser to Donald Trump over the last summer, Carter Page -- because they had obtained a FISA warrant, which means the court found there was probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power. The Associated Press has a bomb of a report confirming that former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort was indeed paid more than a million dollars by a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine. A ledger discovered in Ukraine had shown these payments, but Manafort had claimed the ledger was a forgery. The AP has proven that Manafort's firm accepted payments of the same amounts in the ledger, at the same times.  Paid to stay home: The United States is a special, unique country. For example, it's the only country other than Papua New Guinea that doesn't mandate workers receive paid maternity leave. But more and more, the Sun Sentinel's Skyler Swisher reports, city and county governments in South Florida are filling the gap for municipal workers. You people in the private sector are on your own.  The Weekend White House is getting pricey: The Palm Beach Sheriff's Office has now spent more than $3.5 million on providing security for President Donald Trump's visits to Mar-a-Lago, the Sun Sentinel's Andy Reid reports. That includes $1.5 million for the summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping. That's all taxpayer money from the residents of Palm Beach County. The county hopes to recoup that money from the feds. But hope doesn't get you far, especially in politics.  MEANWHILE, IN THE TWITTERVERSE ... WSVN 7 News  @wsvn #DEVELOPING: U.S. Housing and Urban Development secretary Ben Carson reportedly stuck in elevator at Overtown public housing complex ≥140 CHARACTER HOT TAKE: Wow, imagine being stuck on that elevator! So much time to talk about grain silos.   Tulsi Gabbard  @TulsiGabbard .@united: As a longtime customer, this is despicable. An apology is completely insufficient to right this wrong. google.com/amp/s/www.wash… ≥140 CHARACTER HOT TAKE: Along with the congresswoman, Sen. Bill Nelson has also demanded answers from United. Never let a crisis go to waste.   Aaron Blake  @AaronBlake Carter Page compares his situation to MLK ≥140 CHARACTER HOT TAKE: Wait, so Hoover was right and MLK was a Russian agent. Got it.   As always, I'm @Daniel_Sweeney. Troll me there. Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 73°
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Are drainage issues a concern on your property? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-04-12 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information or to make arrangements for pickup. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events Easter Luncheon 11 a.m. Wednesday, April 12 — Put on your Easter bonnet with all the frills and join the fun in the CSC Easter Parade. Prizes will be awarded for the most creative bonnets. Musical entertainment provided by “In the House” will begin at 11:15 a.m. The suggested donation for lunch is $3. Sign up on the nutrition board by Thursday, April 6. Dyngus Day Luncheon 12:30 a.m. Monday, April 17 — Dyngus Day celebrates Polish-American culture and traditions, but you don’t have to be Polish to enjoy a Dyngus Day celebration. Lunch entertainment by the Krew Brothers begins at 1:15 p.m. The suggested donation for lunch is $3. Your Health Action Plan: Small Steps to Big Changes 10 a.m. Tuesday, April 18 — Want to make a change, but not sure where to start? A health coach from Blue Cross Blue Shield of WNY will help you identify small, simple steps that will lead you to long-lasting change. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live A view from Brooklyn to Manhattan NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, CO Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Tad Cummins, ex-teacher suspected of kidnapping student, may need medication, left note for wife By EMILY SHAPIRO Close Follow on Twitter More from Emily Apr 12, 2017, 1:21 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayThe Tennessee Bureau of Investigation WATCH Possible new sighting of missing teacher and former student 0 Shares Email Pharmacists have been asked to be on alert for the Tennessee teacher who allegedly kidnapped his 15-year-old student because the 50-year-old, who has been on the run for nearly one month, likely needs a refill of his blood pressure medication, the local district attorney said. Tad Cummins, a married father and grandfather, and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas have been missing since Cummins allegedly kidnapped the teenager on March 13. Surveillance images showed the pair at a Wal-Mart in Oklahoma City two days after they disappeared, but there have been no other credible sightings. Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Police obtained surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City, from March 15, 2017, showing Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas shopping at the store. Brent Cooper, the district attorney for Maury County, Tennessee, told ABC News on Tuesday that Cummins is on medication to control his blood pressure and should need a refill, so pharmacists should be mindful of customers who look like Cummins or Thomas. Cooper also told ABC News that Cummins left a note for his wife the morning he vanished. Cooper didn't provide details on what was in the note, but said it appeared to have been a diversion to throw investigators off the trail. A lawyer for Cummins' wife, Jill Cummins, said that she has filed for divorce. Missing teen, ex-teacher spotted at Oklahoma Wal-Mart 2 days after disappearance Ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen believed to have watched TV show about living off the grid: Sources Teacher researched 'teen marriage' before kidnapping 15-year-old: Police Weeks before a student and teacher went missing, another teen reported seeing them kiss Tad Cummins, who was fired one day after the alleged kidnapping, is wanted on allegations of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. An Amber Alert has been issued for Elizabeth. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Pictured is Elizabeth Thomas, the subject of a statewide AMBER Alert in Tennessee. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has said that Tad Cummins "may have been abusing his role as a teacher to groom [the teen] ... in an effort to lure and potentially sexually exploit her." One of Elizabeth's schoolmates reported seeing a kiss between Tad Cummins and Elizabeth in his classroom on Jan. 23, according to a school district investigative report, but both denied the claim. A school report from January stated that neither one "admitted to behaving inappropriately towards the other." Tennessee Bureau of Investigation The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation released a photo of Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas at school in January. According to law enforcement officials, Tad Cummins researched teen marriage online, specifically the age of consent. Authorities are asking that anyone with information call 1-800-TBI-FIND and that anyone who sees a car with Tennessee license plate number 976-ZPT call 911. ABC News' Eva Pilgrim, Lauren Putrino and Glenn Ruppel contributed to this report. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Ex-teacher in student kidnapping case may need medication, left note for wife " Trump flips on Chinese currency manipulation pledge " President Trump on NATO: 'It's no longer obsolete' " 1st black woman on state's highest court found dead by river " Manifesto suspect stole machine gun, drafted apology to gun store, prosecutors say " Melania Trump wins damages from Daily Mail publisher " Wildlife conservationists sue over proposed border wall " Clinton lauds free NY tuition plan as a progressive first " Swedish couple says 11-year-old daughter died in truck attack " Wrongfully convicted men go from serving time to serving others " Teens, retirees assemble Easter baskets for homeless children " Dad runs Boston Marathon to honor unborn daughter with Down syndrome " Quiet rooms for autistic children popping up at airports " Moms plan to 'egg' houses on Easter for special cause " Woman finds her cat on Facebook 2 years after he went missing " 7th grader wins awards for 'remarkable' cancer research " Chris Pratt tells wife Anna Faris, 'I'm grateful to have you' " Instead of dyeing Easter eggs, try decoupage " College student creates 3-page dating application for potential suitors " Teen's quest for Wendy's nuggets gets huge Twitter support " Syrian refugee who fled war feared drowned off San Diego " Complaint: Manifesto suspect wrote apology before gun theft " Security reviewed at all Champions Leagues games " Hard-line ex-leader Ahmadinejad stuns Iran with election bid " Prosecutor: 'Manchester by the Sea' inspired duo to kill son " Trump won't say if he has confidence in Bannon: Report " A closer look at Carter Page, the Trump associate who was under FBI scrutiny " ANALYSIS: Spicer's Hitler gaffe complicates Trump push on Russia " Days after death of doctor who killed wife, daughter opens up about decadelong nightmare " Utah doctor convicted of killing wife in bathtub dies " Sculptor of Wall Street's bull wants 'Fearless Girl' moved " Jude Law to play Dumbledore in 'Fantastic Beasts' sequel " US show of force to North Korea also could show US weakness " Boy killed in classroom was 'happy child' with rare disorder " Comedian Charlie Murphy, older brother of Eddie, dies at 57 " New documentary offers intimate glimpse at late actor Heath Ledger Bill O'Reilly's show to be 'unchanged' until return from vacation
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Finance > Large US Firms Stashed $1.6 trillion in Tax Havens: Oxfam Large US Firms Stashed $1.6 trillion in Tax Havens: Oxfam Apr 12, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories ($193.6 billion) and Microsoft's IT group ($124 billion). Advertisement Apple, Microsoft and Wal-Mart were among the 50 largest U.S. companies that are parking about $1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens to reduce their U.S. tax burden, according to a study published by Oxfam America on April 12. Oxfam America said the sum for 2015 was a $200 billion increase over the prior year. The report cites the companies' own data. While not illegal, the companies "used a secretive network of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to stash" their earnings outside the United States, Oxfam said in the report released ahead of next week's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington. "Tax avoidance has become standard business practice across the globe,” said Oxfam senior advisor Robbie Silverman. “Corporate tax dodgers cheat America out of approximately $135 billion in unpaid tax revenues every year Apple is at the top of the ranking with more than $200 billion in offshore funds, followed closely by Pfizer laboratories ($193.6 billion) and Microsoft's IT group ($124 billion), the report said. U.S. law allows companies to keep profits from foreign operations offshore indefinitely, to avoid corporate taxes that are among the highest in the industrialized world. While the corporate tax rate is nominally 35% at the federal level, Oxfam said these 50 companies had an effective rate nearly 10 percentage points lower. During his campaign, President Donald Trump proposed cutting the rate to 15%, and allowing companies to repatriate their cash reserves with a one-time tax of 10%. Oxfam criticized both proposals, saying the tax cut would help profitable companies and wealthy shareholders at the expense of important anti-poverty programs. And the drastic reduction in corporate income tax will "feed into a destructive race to the bottom that has seen countries across the globe slashing corporate tax rates in recent years," the report said. Meanwhile, "repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes" and "incentivizes companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut." "President Trump promised to fix the rigged political and economic system yet his tax reforms will further enrich powerful corporates at the expense of ordinary people and small businesses," Silverman said. "The President and leaders in Congress must rethink their reforms and build a tax system that works for everyone and not just a fortunate few." Popular Now Can Thailand’s Super Cluster Strategy Dominate ASEAN Market? Top 25 Supply Chains of 2015 Top Five Supply Chain Risk Factors Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2017 Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Senate Claims Caterpillar Dodges US Taxes with Offshore Havens in Switzerland 2 President Obama Proposes $4 Trillion in Deficit Cuts U.S. Deficit to Hit Record $1.56 Trillion in 2010 Sovereign Wealth Funds Hit $3.5 Trillion in 2007 China To Manage $1.5 Trillion In Assets By 2016 THE LATEST In the Market for a Solar Farm? SunEdison Has Some for Sale, Cheap 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Awards: Six Fantastic Factories GM Misled Credit Raters on Stock Claims Einhorn Large US Firms Stashed $1.6 trillion in Tax Havens: Oxfam BlackBerry Wins $814.9 Million from Qualcomm in Royalty Dispute Tesla Seeks Independent Directors as Board Pressed on Musk Ties More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 11, 2017 Article Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership The president of the Diversified Brands Division shares leadership lessons learned and "paying it forward."...More View All Trending on IndustryWeek American Factories versus 'Made in America' Are 'Concrete Heads' Wrecking Your Lean Manufacturing Efforts? Caterpillar, Lockheed Martin, P&G Lead Effort to Shape Future of Augmented Reality Why Introverts Are Better Leaders Closing the Skills Gap with Plant Tours, Pep Talks and Child Care IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 IBM is going all in on blockchain for trade finance BI Intelligence Apr. 12, 2017, 12:30 PM 1,433 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also US tests blockchain tech solution for crude oil ING and SocGen partner on blockchain solution Here's how banks can save big with blockchain This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Software giant IBM has been a leader in blockchain-based solutions targeting trade finance, launching solutions for Indian Mahindra Group in December 2016, and in partnership with Danish shipping behemoth Maersk and e-commerce company Walmart last month. Now, IBM has ventured further into this space by rolling out a blockchain-based platform for the Chinese pharmaceutical sector on Tuesday, CoinDesk reports. The new platform, the Yijan Blockchain Technology Application System, was co-developed with Chinese supply chain manager Heija. The platform seeks to revamp China's convoluted trade finance sector. IBM says that in China, as in other markets, small suppliers have to wait as long as 60 to 90 days to be paid for delivered goods, which hinders their access to working capital. This is due to paper-heavy transactions prone to human error and delays along the supply chain. The platform aims to use distributed ledgers to better track goods as they're shipped and delivered; encrypt documentation more securely; and, by giving all parties equal access to the transaction record, make it easier to authenticate a transaction more quickly, thereby reducing shipment and financial transaction times. It's not yet known whether the platform will also process the payments involved in a trade. Initially, Yijan will be tested by just one pharmaceutical company, one hospital, and one bank, but it will be made available to a wider network in July. Eventually, IBM added, the platform can be adopted by industries beyond pharmaceuticals. IBM looks increasingly likely to emerge as the leader in the blockchain sphere for trade finance. It's grown probable that one provider will become the dominant supplier of blockchain-based solutions for particular sectors — in retail banking, catastrophe insurance, and trade finance, for example. IBM has several key advantages on its side to secure its lead in the trade finance space, including its long history of applying emerging technologies to enterprise, which affords it a strong track record that will make onboarding clients easy. Moreover, unlike many banks experimenting with blockchain-based trade finance solutions, IBM is a neutral player un-allied to any single business, so enterprises might be more willing to adopt its platforms. Given the increasing pressure to move blockchain tech solutions out of the testing phase, we will likely see IBM consolidating its existing trade finance solutions to ensure the necessary network effect and cement its dominance. Nearly every global bank is experimenting with blockchain technology as they try to unleash the cost savings and operational efficiencies it promises to deliver.  Banks are exploring the technology in a number of ways, including through partnerships with fintechs, membership in global consortia, and via the building of their own in-house solutions.  Sarah Kocianski, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on blockchain in banking that outlines why and in what ways banks are exploring blockchain technology, provides details on three major banks' blockchain efforts based on in-depth interviews, and highlights other notable blockchain-based experiments underway by global banks. It also discusses the likely trends that will emerge in the technology over the next several years, and the factors that will be critical to the success of banks implementing blockchain-based solutions. Here are some of the key takeaways from the report: Most banks are exploring the use of blockchain technology in order to streamline processes and cut costs. However, they are also looking to leverage additional advantages, including increased competitiveness with fintechs, and the ability to use the technology to create new business models.  Banks are starting to narrow their focus, and are increasingly honing in on tangible use cases for blockchain technology that solve real problems faced by their businesses.  Regulators are taking an increased interest in blockchain technology, and they're working alongside major banks to develop regulatory frameworks.  Blockchain-based solutions will start to emerge in different areas of financial services. The most successful solutions will solve specific problems for banks and attract a large enough network to create widespread benefits.   In full, the report: Outlines banks' experiments with blockchain technology.  Details blockchain projects at three major banks — UBS, Credit Suisse, and Banco Santander — based on in-depth interviews.  Discusses the likely trends that will emerge in the technology over the next several years. Highlights the factors that will be critical to the success of banks implementing blockchain-based solutions. Interested in getting the full report? Here are two ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full report from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends Follow Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Fintech IBM Blockchain facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru IBM is going all in on blockchain for trade finance IBM is going all in on blockchain for trade finance This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Amber Alert update: Elizabeth Thomas' accused kidnapper might be running out of medicine Print Email Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com By Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 12, 2017 at 11:46 AM, updated April 12, 2017 at 9:44 PM comments Pharmacies are asked to be on the lookout for Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins because it's been a month since their disappearances, and the Amber Alert suspect might be low on medicine. Cummins, who is prescribed blood pressure medicine, should be in need of a refill, Brett Cooper, the Maury County, Tennessee District Attorney told WKRN News. Cooper this week released new details about Cummins, as the search for the ex-teacher and 15-year-old Thomas reaches the one-month mark. Cooper also told WKRN about a note that Cummins left for his wife on the day of the disappearances. The March 13 note, according to Cooper, was left as a diversion to misguide the investigation, WKRN reported. The District Attorney hasn't released the letter or a complete description of its contents, according to WKRN. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has received well over 1,000 tips since Amber Alerts were issued in Alabama and Tennessee following the March 13 disappearances of Thomas and Cummins. However, their last known location was an Oklahoma City Wal-Mart on March 15. TBI didn't learn about that sighting until it received surveillance footage more than two weeks later. Amber Alert video: Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins seen on Oklahoma Wal-Mart video Authorities have said Cummins likely is keeping Thomas in a secluded or off-the-grid area to keep both out of the public's eye. In addition to pharmacies, authorities are encouraging the public to share information about the Amber Alert with anyone they know south of the U.S. border. While investigators don't have any information placing Thomas and Cummins in Mexico, they say it's possible the two have made it that far. Mexican police have been notified about the case. The public is asked to be on the lookout, particularly in rural or secluded areas. Investigators are asking people to be vigilant in parking garages and lots, parks, campgrounds and other off-the-grid places. Thomas' father, Anthony, filed a court petition last week for potential witnesses with knowledge of Elizabeth and Cummins to be interviewed in depositions. Anthony Thomas said in the court filing that Cummins threatened and stalked Elizabeth after Cummins was suspended from his teaching job. After Cummins, 50, was suspended from teaching at Culleoka Unit School in Maury County, Tennessee on Feb. 6, Elizabeth "began feeling guilty," the father claims. And, Cummins "played upon this guilt." Cummins was suspended by the school system after he was caught with 15-year-old Thomas in his classroom in early February. Thomas and the teacher weren't supposed to be in contact because they reportedly had been caught kissing in the classroom Jan. 23. Cummins wasn't officially fired by the school until the day after he and Thomas disappeared. Read more about how the school system responded to the incidents here. Prior to the Oklahoma sighting, the last information about Thomas and Cummins' whereabouts is from the day they disappeared. Thomas was seen the morning of March 13 when a friend dropped her off at Shoney's restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee. Cummins was placed in Decatur, Alabama that afternoon by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. Cummins is wanted in Tennessee for kidnapping and having sexual contact with Thomas. The video and images from Oklahoma showed their appearances had been altered, including darkening Cummins' hair and changing Thomas' hair color to red. It's not clear whether Cummins may still be driving a silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee license place 976-ZPT. Thomas is a white female possibly with red, strawberry or blonde hair and hazel eyes. She is 5 feet and weighs about 120 pounds. Cummins, believed to be armed with multiple guns, is a white male possibly with dark hair and brown eyes. He is six feet and about 200 pounds. Anyone with information is asked to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Anyone who sees Cummins, Thomas or the vehicle should call 911. Best restaurant in each Alabama county ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Shanghai Pudong Development Bank sets up Singapore branch Aier buys Europe’s largest eye clinic group Coca-Cola kicks off biggest plant in central China CPI warms but PPI cools slightly Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Han Zheng meets new Canadian ambassador Proof you are good at table tennis Copyright violation cases rise Crackdown on group leased flats Pufferfish back on the menu — legally No-go bike areas set up downtown Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Milan sale moves closer No Barca belief for second miracle Juve gives Italy a place at Euro top table Dortmund fans take in Monaco supporters Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Tibetan artist brings unique paintings Dangerous food hotline is sizzling Personality trait of maximizers vs minimizers Taiwanese-style hot pot available for lunch and dinner A booze ban stresses Indian leisure business Australia eyes huge potential in Chinese food, beverage market Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Why US business is greener than Trump Having a Canadian Easter with a Chinese flavor Obsession with economic convenience may lead to marital discontent, failures Applying Joseph Nye’s concept of ‘soft power’ Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Oral history book explores true meaning of tradition by recounting the revival of qin Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Take a breath, and stop to smell all those tulips Pungent idea has whiff of success in Italy It’s all about writing about ‘the slop’ What if Sally had met Gozilla? A bright, spacious place to live life Furniture that is not just made for sitting on Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Shanghai Pudong Development Bank sets up Singapore branch Han Zheng meets new Canadian ambassador Satellite begins 15-year mission Aier buys Europe’s largest eye clinic group Shares fall on softer producer inflation The story appears on Page A7 April 13, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 In China, this is science fiction’s golden age 在中国，科幻小说正处于黄金时代 View more » Photo Sets Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund View more » Home » Opinion » Foreign Views Why US business is greener than Trump By Mark Malloch-Brown | 00:01 UTC+8 April 13, 2017 | Print Edition AS US President Donald Trump’s administration threatens to dismantle vital environmental protections, some of which have existed for decades, business leaders are increasingly recognizing — and acting upon — the need for environmentally sustainable policies. Trump, who once called climate change a Chinese hoax intended to weaken the US economy, has already repealed the Stream Protection Rule, which bars coal producers from dumping waste into waterways. Next on the chopping block may be the Clean Power Plan, which limits greenhouse-gas emissions from generating plants — by far the country’s largest source of CO2 emissions — with the goal of cutting carbon pollution from the power sector to 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030. The Trump administration has even threatened to back out of the Paris climate agreement. A decade ago, business leaders would have largely welcomed such regressive environmental policies, which can lower costs and expand opportunities, by reducing constraints on their companies’ behavior. But today, even as markets respond bullishly to Trump’s “business-friendly” pledges — not just deregulation and tax cuts, but also a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan that would include reviving coal — business leaders have remained cautious. In particular, they have strong reservations about a potential withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Whatever benefits could be derived from a low-regulation economy would not offset the harm of reneging on environmental commitments that are viewed as vital to American business success. Some are already making their voices heard on the matter. Since Trump’s election, nearly 900 companies and investors, many of them American, have signed an open letter, “Business Backs Low Carbon,” calling on the administration not to withdraw the US from the Paris agreement. These companies, which include large multinationals, believe that failure to build a low-carbon economy would jeopardize America’s prosperity. Compelling research There is compelling recent research to support this view. This February, a study by Energy Innovation showed that elimination of the Clean Power Plan alone could cost the US$600 billion and cause 120,000 premature deaths by 2050. By contrast, efforts to build a more sustainable economy would bring far-reaching benefits. A December 2016 report by the Risky Business Project, led by American CEOs and former municipal and federal leaders, shows that savings in fuel costs from an 80 percent reduction in CO2 emissions by 2050 could exceed the required capital investment by US$150 billion. Last January, the Business & Sustainable Development Commission, which I chair, estimated in its flagship report that companies could unlock US$12 trillion globally in revenue and savings by pursuing sustainable business models. Such models can also create up to 380 million jobs by 2030 in key economic sectors. In the energy sector alone, the opportunities are valued at US$4.3 trillion. Corporate strategies are increasingly falling into line with these findings. In 2005, on the heels of Hurricane Katrina, which devastated the US Gulf Coast and affected a significant regional consumer base for Walmart, the company’s then-CEO Lee Scott delivered a telling speech, entitled “Twenty-First Century Leadership,” to all company employees. Scott set significant environmental goals, as part of a broader vision for Walmart to become a more responsible corporate citizen. Another US company, Mars, Inc, is on a similar path. A signatory of the Business Backs Low Carbon letter, Mars is working to eliminate its greenhouse-gas emissions entirely by 2040, through greater efficiency and investment in renewable energy projects like wind turbines. But, while business leadership and collective action are needed to create a sustainable and inclusive economy (a central message of our commission’s report), the private sector cannot do it alone. Government must be an active partner, helping to scale sustainable activities by creating market conditions that spur a “race to the top” and unlock the finance needed to keep America competitive. So it is not enough simply to oppose Trump’s environmentally damaging policies; businesses need to get his administration on their side, so that the US authorities create an environment that encourages sustainable practices. Such an environment could include carbon pricing, which a growing number of businesses are pursuing internally, and tax credits for carbon efficiency. Trump’s own businesses have benefited from such government interventions. As the New York Times recently revealed, in 2012, Trump secured nearly US$1 million in energy-efficiency incentives and low-interest loans from New York State. A groundswell of support from CEOs, on a nonpartisan basis, could be the key to spurring the needed action. Before the Paris climate conference, politicians knew that environmental activists wanted a deal to limit climate change; arguably, what ultimately drove them to act, however, was finding out that CEOs and boards felt the same way. Business leaders need to show Trump that they are not cheerleaders for coal, pollution, and global warming. They are determined champions of an enlightened environmentalism that is in the interest of all their stakeholders — customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities in which they operate.   Mark Malloch Brown, a former UN deputy secretary-general and UK Foreign Office minister of state for Africa, is Chair of the Business and Sustainable Development Commission.Copyright: Project Syndicate, 2017. www.project-syndicate.org Foreign Views <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Foreigners apologize for dining in Metro Crackdown on group leased flats No-go bike areas set up downtown Man who raped pregnant woman jailed for 5 years Contrite Metro diners write apology letter Shanghai plans to build airport No. 3 Xi arrives in US for first meeting with Trump Illegal taxi gang busted Foreigners dine a la Metro but venue choice gets thumbs down 1st freight train leaves Britain for China French bakery executives held and all outlets closed in stale flour raid Hongqiao airport gets its biggest facelift since its opening in 1921 Popular French bakery Farine suspended for using expired flour ‘3.15’ TV show punctures Nike’s air cushion claims Mental patient held for stabbing wardmates to death with chopstick <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Shanghai Pudong Development Bank sets up Singapore branch Han Zheng meets new Canadian ambassador Satellite begins 15-year mission Aier buys Europe’s largest eye clinic group Shares fall on softer producer inflation View more » Latest Opinion News Why US business is greener than Trump Why Belt and Road has exceeded expectations Without action to protect our underground aquifers, world will face parched future Betrayed ally: revisiting a Chinese tragedy from the First World War Applying Joseph Nye’s concept of ‘soft power’ Law or heart? There’s always room for both View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Search About The Pulse Advertise With Us Past Issues Connect with Us facebook twitter youtube Menu Cover Story Beginnings City Life The Bowl Consider This EdiToon Arts Features News & Notes Pulse Picks Music Features News & Notes Record Reviews Pulse Picks Screen Reviews News & Notes Columns On The Beat Game On! Shrink Rap Shades of Green Just A Theory Air Bag Business Briefs Day Trippin' Food & Drink Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight Fun Free Will Astrology Jonesin' Crossword Solution The List Calendar Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight Home Food & Drink Sushi & Biscuits The Best Grilled Chicken Ever The Best Grilled Chicken Ever by Mike McJunkin April 12, 2017 12:22 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print × Expand Our personal chef presents the world's greatest grilled chicken recipe Look, I’m not going to tell you how to live your life. How you eat your grilled chicken is a personal choice that you make in prayerful consultation with your family and a chicken-loving God.  No one can understand the complex matrix of unreasonable expectations and palates numbed by Walmart rotisserie chickens that you have to navigate when you grill chicken at home.  But I have been to the mountaintop and I bring good news for all who yearn for the one true grilled chicken recipe. At Nattapong Kitjakarn’s roadside restaurant in Thailand’s Chiang Mai province, the holy grail of grilled chicken, gai yang, is being served to any and all who enter.  Nattapong (who asks to be called “Gun” for unknown reasons) told me that while there are as many recipes for gai yang as there are cooks in Thailand. His recipe was, of course, special.  After thorough research involving five whole chickens, a pint of naam jim kai dipping sauce, and several bottles of Thai whiskey, I can confidently say that I am bringing you the recipe for the world’s greatest grilled chicken.  Sweet, smoky, tender, and juicy with crispy skin and a dipping sauce that will make you speak in tongues.  Yes, it’s long.  Yes, you need a mortar and pestle.  No, you can’t substitute anything.  Ingredients 2 4–5 lb chickens  Brine 8 cups water 1/3 cup sugar 1/2 cup kosher salt 1 tsp white pepper 8 garlic cloves, crushed 3” piece of galangal, sliced  2 stalks lemongrass, cut into 1” lengths 3 whole green ­onions, roughly chopped Handful of cilantro stems and roots, roughly chopped Seasoning 4 stalks lemongrass (outer layer, bottom root stem, and dry, top section removed) 1 cup garlic, roughly chopped 1 Tbsp kosher salt 1 t black pepper 1/2 cup cilantro stems, chopped into ¼” lengths Marinade 2 Tbsp Thai fish sauce 3 Tbsp Thai soy sauce 1 Tbsp palm sugar 1/4 tsp black pepper 2 Tbsp water Preparation Dissolve the salt, sugar and 8 cups of water in a container that’s large enough to brine both chickens. Coarsely pound the garlic, peppercorns, ginger, and lemongrass in a mortar and pestle, then add to the brine along with the cilantro and green onions. Add the chickens breast side down. If they float, weigh them down with a plate. Cover and refrigerate 6-8 hours.  Remove the chickens from the brine, drain, and pat both sides dry. Cut the lemongrass into 1/8" slices and pound it with your mortar and pestle for about 15 seconds. Add the garlic and pound for another 20 seconds. Add the salt, pepper, cilantro stems and pound about 15 seconds more.  Divide the mixture, put one half into each chicken’s chest cavity and put the chickens in the fridge uncovered, breast side up on a baking sheet fitted with a cooling rack. Air should freely circulate around them for 6-10 hours. Mix the fish sauce, soy sauce, sugar, pepper, and water together in a small bowl until the sugar is dissolved.  Spatchcock the birds (Google it if you’re unsure), brush both sides with the marinade and put them back into the fridge for two more hours. Refrigerate the remaining marinade. After the chickens have marinated, set up your grill for indirect cooking by heaping charcoal on one side of the grill. (Start another chimney of charcoal; you’re going to need more coals later.) You want the grill temperature to only be about 325°F—not too hot.  Oil the grates, secure the chickens with skewers or bamboo (see photo) and place the chickens, breast up, on the grill opposite the charcoal. Close the grill and position the vents directly over the birds to pull charcoal smoke over them as they cook. After 30 minutes, carefully flip the chickens over for 5–10 minutes to give the breasts some color, then flip them back over. Add additional coals as necessary, but don’t get the grill too hot (still 325° F) Baste the chickens with the remainder of the marinade for about 5 to 10 minutes more, turning and rotating so they don’t burn. The skin should turn glossy, golden brown and the thigh juices will run clear when pierced.  Transfer to a cutting board, carve and serve with sticky rice and naam jim kai dipping sauce. Naam Jim Kai dipping sauce Pound 8 seeded and chopped Thai red chilies in a mortar and pestle. Mix the pounded chilis with ¾ cup white vinegar, ½ cup palm sugar and ½ tsp salt. Mike McJunkin is a native Chattanoogan currently living abroad who has trained chefs, owned and operated restaurants. Join him on Facebook at facebook.com/SushiAndBiscuits by Mike McJunkin April 12, 2017 12:22 PM Cover Story Beginnings City Life The Bowl Consider This EdiToon Arts Features News & Notes Pulse Picks Music Features News & Notes Record Reviews Pulse Picks Screen Reviews News & Notes Columns On The Beat Game On! Shrink Rap Shades of Green Just A Theory Air Bag Business Briefs Day Trippin' Food & Drink Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight Fun Free Will Astrology Jonesin' Crossword Solution The List Calendar Sushi & Biscuits Mixology Spirits Within Featured Dining Drink Spotlight Chow Spotlight About The Pulse Advertise With Us © 2014 The Pulse and Brewer Media. All rights reserved. Built with Metro Publisher™  
Trending: Undervalued Stocks Video Games Infographics Dividends Famous Investors Green Ideas List Categories All Analysis & Opinions Hedge Funds Lists In The News Stock Picks & Lists Tech Lists Infographics Whats Hot Popular Articles These 3 Companies Captured 84% Of American Business Last Year The Morning Hype: Internet Leaders Try to Save Net Neutrality, Yahoo Sued for Mishandling Funds, and Earnings Season is Upon Us What Makes Mylan's Newest EpiPen Lawsuit Different? My Portfolio   HOME > Investment Ideas > Stock Picks & Lists These 3 Companies Captured 84% Of American Business Last Year Posted:04/12/17 By:Benzinga Comments(0) | Add a comment Research  these Stocks on Kapitall’s Playground Now   research now by: Brett Hershman, Benzinga Staff Writer   A recent report from the NPD Group shows three businesses captured at least 84 percent of American’s business in 2016.   The 3 Leaders Of all the companies including in the report, Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT captured the highest percentage of American business, with 95 percent of Americans buying from the company at least once a year. McDonald’s Corporation MCD came in at No. 2 with 89 percent of American buyers. Target Corporation TGT rounds out the top three at 84 percent.       Checkout Penetration Index The report comes from checkout tracking data from the checkout penetration index and confirms that these three retailers have “become fully woven into American life — reaching an extraordinary percentage of buyers at least once a year.” The index is based on millions of receipts from actual transactions across all retailers and restaurants, both online and in brick-and-mortar.   Strong Performances Of Note The restaurant with the biggest percentage increase in the top 25 was Chick-fil-A, experiencing a 5-percentage-point increase in penetration in 2016, while the biggest gain in retail came from Dollar Tree, Inc. DLTR, seeing a 3-percentage-point increase. Both companies have been aggressively expanding operations nationwide. “The battle for every consumer dollar is heating up, and we must shift from studying what consumers purchase to how they spend their money,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at the NPD Group. “Consumers spending on experiences is overlapping with their purchases of products, making every item and visit so important to competing in today’s rapidly changing marketplace.”   Image Credit: By MikeMozartJeepersMedia – Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, via Wikimedia Commons   © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website most recent most read These 3 Companies Captured 84% Of American Business Last Year Posted 04/12/17 The Morning Hype: Internet Leaders Try to Save Net Neutrality, Yahoo Sued for Mishandling Funds, and Earnings Season is Upon Us Posted 04/12/17 What Makes Mylan's Newest EpiPen Lawsuit Different? Posted 04/11/17 The Morning Hype: North Korea Threatens to Strike U.S, Bandai Brings Back the Tamagotchi, and Tesla is the Best Automaker in the U.S Posted 04/11/17 FDA Warns Of Dangerous Hidden Ingredient In 5 OTC Male Sexual Enhancement Supplements Posted 04/10/17 The Morning Hype: The Federal Government Needs to Work Out a Budget, Credit Card Debt Hits $1 Trillion, and Disney Files Patent for Humanoid Robots Posted 04/10/17 Retail Exec Says Retailers Are Using Amazon As A 'Convenient Scapegoat' Posted 04/07/17 The Morning Hype: Twitter Sues Trump, Adidas Will 3-D Print Sneakers, and a U.S/Canada/Mexico World Cup Posted 04/07/17 Taser Offers One-Year Free Body-Cam Trial To Every Police Officer In America Posted 04/06/17 next prev Windows Solitaire Makes Surprise Appearance In Video Game Hall Of Fame Finals Posted 03/30/17 The Morning Hype: North Carolina Rescinds Bathroom Bill, Trade Executive Orders, and Medical Drones Posted 03/31/17 Recode: Pandora's 'Days Seem Numbered' And This Is Bad For The Music industry Posted 03/31/17 The Morning Hype: Travel Ban Block Extended, NASA Can't Hire Anyone, and Your Internet Privacy Posted 03/30/17 Domino's Not Interested In Panera Posted 04/04/17 The Morning Hype: 7-11 is Buying Sunoco, Australia is Suing Apple, and the Senate is Trying to Get Rid of the Filibuster Posted 04/06/17 More Trouble Ahead: What You Should Know About The CBO Report Posted 04/03/17 Brexit's Biggest Loser Won't Be Britain Posted 04/05/17 Taser Offers One-Year Free Body-Cam Trial To Every Police Officer In America Posted 04/06/17 next prev Most Popular Infographics A Savvy Investor's Guide to New Year's Resolutions Posted 12/30/13 Infographic: Thanksgiving Investing Ideas for Black Friday and Cyber Monday Posted 11/25/13 Infographic: Next Gen Gaming with New Xbox One and PS4 Consoles Posted 11/11/13 Infographic: OktoberFest's Staggering Stats Posted 10/09/13 Infographic: Solar Industry Shines Bright Posted 04/17/13 Infographic: 5 Digital Trends in Manufacturing Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Gun Business Under Fire Posted 02/08/13 Infographic: The Decline of Big Beer and the Rise of Craft Brews Posted 02/01/13 Infographic: Despite Low Ticket Sales the Silver Screen is Going Strong Posted 01/25/13 next prev Kapitall’s Top Lists Today's Top Gainers View & Trade This List ► Solar Stocks View & Trade This List ► Cloud Computing View & Trade This List ► Mobile Web Stocks View & Trade This List ► High Dividend View & Trade This List ►   Backstage become a fan follow us   ABOUT KAPITALL WIRE Kapitall Wire, which is not a broker/dealer, offers free cutting edge investing ideas, lively commentary and timely analysis of companies enhanced by interactive tools. The site's content is intended for educational information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities, or any other product or service provided by New Kapitall Holdings, LLC., and its affiliate companies. Kapitall Wire is brought to you by Kapitall, a revolutionary investing platform that makes it as easy as drag and drop to trade stocks. Investment Ideas Infographics Kapitall Wire Team Join Now Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu ORGANIC PROBLEMS Charted: Whole Foods’ organic problem—shoppers naturally prefer cheaper options Written by Chase Purdy April 12, 2017 The hunt for cheaper food leaves Whole Foods in a lurch. (Reuters/Brendan McDermid) Share Written by Chase Purdy April 12, 2017 In this case, it’s all about quantity. Not enough people are walking through the front doors of Whole Foods Market anymore. When the supermarket chain went public over two decades ago, it experienced growth driven largely by growing interest in organic foods. In short order, the Austin, Texas-based grocer became a darling of upper-middle class shoppers, earning a reputation for being expensive along the way. It was inevitable that Whole Foods’ success would change the grocery market, where chains often engage in aggressive discounting when battling each other for customer foot traffic. Over the years, consumer demand drove more chains—including places such as Kroger and Walmart—to include organic options, and the supply chains found ways to accommodate. Fast forward to 2017 and almost all grocery stores across the US have an organic food section with lower prices that what shoppers will find in most of Whole Foods’ more than 430 locations. Consumers reacted as one might expect. Average sales growth at Whole Foods Market locations open for more than one year declined. Luckily for Whole Foods, some investors haven’t lost faith. Edward Kelly, an analyst with Credit Suisse, wrote in a report this week that he had hopes for the grocery chain, especially as news this week broke that Jana Partners, a group of activist investors, has built up an 8.8% stake in the company. Jana has said it wants to talk with Whole Foods management about its corporate structure and brand development, among other things. The idea is that a shakeup could wind up spurring some positive changes. “We believe [Whole Foods Market] has superior brand value but has arguably been mismanaged as the company failed to adapt to the evolving food retail landscape,” Kelly wrote. “Good brands don’t underperform forever.” Still others are more skeptical. UBS analyst Michael Lasser wrote this week that Whole Foods’ new line of millennial-driven “365 by Whole Foods Market”-branded stores may wind up causing more harm than good. The company started that chain to attract value-driven shoppers. Even if Whole Foods becomes more price competitive with competing brands, the presence of 365-brand locations may wind up cannibalizing some of the sales that would otherwise go back to the flagship stores. “These challenges aren’t likely to abate soon,” Lasser wrote. Most Popular Lab-grown meat is about to go global, and one firm is feverishly paving the way Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Thursday, April 13, 2017 North Bay, ON -1° Partly cloudy Sponsored by: Canadore College Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Events UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Stole $360 from former employer  Nugget Staff Wednesday, April 12, 2017 11:36:47 EDT AM Getty Images Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error Anything but a conditional jail sentence would be “cruel and unusual punishment” for a 55-year-old North Bay woman. Connie Brennan pleaded guilty in Ontario Court of Justice Tuesday to stealing $360 from her employer over a 24-day period. Working a regular shift in the Walmart pharmacy, Brennan took $20 and $50 bills from the till between Sept. 3 and Sept. 27. Video surveillance in the store disclosed the thefts, and when she was interviewed as part of the internal investigation, Brennan admitted taking the cash. Defence counsel Geoff Laplante said Brennan “got caught up” in her bills, and “did something that she never thought she would do.” She lost her job, friends and respect, he said. And while assistant Crown attorney Sheila Seguin agreed with Laplante that a term behind bars would not benefit anyone, she also pointed out that the thefts were not a one-time thing, but a series of incidents over the better part of a month. Justice Lawrence Klein noted that theft by employees who are in a position of trust is a serious issue in society’s view. “Somehow your moral compass got skewed,” he said. And while a conditional sentence is spent in the home, he said, it is still a jail sentence. “A conditional sentence is an alternative to jail – ‘jail light,’ if you want to call it that,” he said. Klein noted that conditional sentences have been criticized widely in the community in the past. “It’s not cruel or unusual enough for some,” he said. But he warned Brennan that if she thinks about breaching the orders that basically confine her to her home other than a few hours each week, “think of it as screwing it up for someone else. “I don’t want you to be the poster child for everything wrong with conditional sentences. If you breach (the terms of the conditional sentence), you will spend all or the remainder of your sentence in jail.” Brennan was also placed on probation for 12 months after the completion of her 90-day conditional sentence and was ordered to pay restitution to her former employer. Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Automotive Financing thecarlot.ca Automotive Financing Education International Baccalaureate Program Travel & Lodging World Wide Travel One Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with North Bay Nugget Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options North Bay View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow North Bay Nugget Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Lacrosse Curling Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Events Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print North Bay Nugget Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 North Bay Nugget. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › US home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Trump administration A trillion is not enough: Trump's infrastructure ambitions grow President considers privatising US airports and dams and admits final bill could exceed $1tn, but may once more face bipartisan obstacle in Congress Pointing the way toward infrastructure investment? Trump has pledged to unleash $1tn in private and public investments to repair bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, upgrade airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Photograph: UPI/Barcroft Images Trump administration A trillion is not enough: Trump's infrastructure ambitions grow President considers privatising US airports and dams and admits final bill could exceed $1tn, but may once more face bipartisan obstacle in Congress Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close David Smith in Washington Wednesday 12 April 2017 11.38 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 12 April 2017 11.39 EDT Donald Trump is considering privatising America’s airports and dams as part of an infrastructure building programme that could exceed past estimates of a trillion dollars. But the US president, bruised by the failure of his healthcare bill, could again face a combination of doubtful Democrats and sceptical conservatives threatening to scuttle the flagship project. On Tuesday, Trump hosted 16 business leaders, including the chief executives of General Electric, IBM, PepsiCo and Walmart, to discuss subjects including infrastructure, regulations and fixing the Veterans Administration. Philip Howard, a lawyer and advocate of “government simplification”, took part in a break-out session with Elaine Chao, the transportation secretary; Bayo Ogunlesi, chairman of Global Infrastructure Partners; and Matt Rose, executive chairman of the Burlington Northern Santa Fe railway, which then reported back to Trump. The president has pledged to unleash $1tn in private and public investments to repair bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, upgrade airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans, but Howard said Trump acknowledged even this sum might not be enough. Fixing America's failing infrastructure won't be easy, despite Trump's pledge Read more “That was a figure that people discussed but it wasn’t hard and fast and in fact I think President Trump at one point mentioned that perhaps it should be more,” he told the Guardian after leaving the White House grounds. “Fixing infrastructure’s really important and it’s going to cost. He was very hopeful that Democrats, certainly on the infrastructure part of this, would be very cooperative.” Among the ideas discussed was the privatisation of US airports. “America can do much more than it has, and can do what other countries in Europe and Australia have done, by harnessing private capital,” Howard said. “So it could privatise a number of assets such as airports and dams, and get a lot of capital from that, as well as increase the tax base.” Hundreds of airports around the world have been privatised or partly privatised but, Howard noted, virtually none in America. “Experience shows that private operators actually do a better job for the customer as well as for efficiency’s sake.” Last year the Cato Institute, a conservative thinktank, published a paper that endorsed privatising the nation’s more than 500 commercial airports, which are currently owned by state and local governments and rely on the federal government for capital improvements. Howard also called for an increase in public-private partnerships similar to other countries. “Government is needed for many things but it’s not necessarily the most efficient mechanism to fix a road, for example,” he said. The lawyer gave his backing to a vehicle miles travelled (VMT) tax so that, as motorists moved toward electric or hybrid vehicles, drivers of those with internal combustion engines do not have to bear the burden for maintaining roads: “Every car would pay the same. You travel 10,000 miles, you pay for 10,000 miles.” On Tuesday, the Associated Press reported that the White House intends to propose a package of tax breaks meant to help spur $1tn in new spending on roads, bridges and other construction over the next decade. But as part of that bill, it said, Trump also wants to introduce measures to significantly shorten approval times for projects. Howard called for an overhaul of the infrastructure permitting process, cutting through red tape for faster decisions. “There’s been this accretion of well-meaning laws over the last 50 years with no one in charge of drawing lines, so the process can take a decade or longer to get an infrastructure project,” he said. “The effect of that is that it more than doubles the cost of infrastructure and it’s also dramatically harmful to the environment, ironically, because conducting an environmental review just prolongs bottlenecks. “So there needs to be a new mechanism, basically clear lines of authority to make decisions. Congress caused the problem and, although the administration can do certain things by itself, Congress needs to solve that problem. It’s kind of a mosh pit of overlapping regulatory requirements often run by agencies with dramatically different missions that don’t even like each other.” Michael Sargent, a policy analyst at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative thinktank with influence on the administration, said: “Any bill as large as $1tn is going to be a heavy lift. There will almost certainly be immediate concern from fiscal conservatives, who will bristle at the price tag. “On the other hand, if the administration plan focuses exclusively or more heavily on private sector capital – as did the Ross-Navarro plan released during the campaign – Democrats might not have as much incentive to come on board without large amounts of federal spending. But overall, infrastructure tends to be one of the more bipartisan issues, so there is a lot of room for compromise.” After the healthcare debacle, Trump hopes to gain some momentum from decisive action against Syria and the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the supreme court, pushing on to infrastructure. “I think it’s going to be one of the very bipartisan bills and it’s going to happen,” he told the New York Times last week, claiming that Democrats in particular are “desperate for infrastructure”. Trump's $1tn pledge sounds impressive but beware the small print Read more But it is far from clear where Congress will find the money. Many Republicans in the conservative House Freedom Caucus are wary of the idea of massive government investment, while Democrats are critical of the focus on public-private partnerships, tax breaks for private investors and the watering down of regulations that require environmental reviews and community consultation. Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader, asked at a press conference last week: “Where is the infrastructure bill? The president talked about infrastructure during the campaign. Every conversation or any interaction I have had with the president has been infrastructure, infrastructure, infrastructure. Where’s the bill? Show us the bill.” Among those present at Tuesday’s White House meeting were Dina Powell, senior counselor for economic initiatives; Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser; Gary Cohn, chief economic adviser; and five cabinet officers. Howard found Trump receptive to ideas, he said. “I do think he has his finger on the endemic problem with this legacy government, a government that’s run by laws written over the last 50 or 60 years that nobody ever goes and fixes. You end up having out of date computer systems using eight-inch floppy disks, stuff like that, that costs a lot more to maintain than it would take to build a new one entirely. “Somehow or other we need to change the operating system of government so that it can make sensible choices where today sensible choices are basically illegal. I think he understands the problem. I’m not sure he or anyone has come to grips with the solution.” Topics Trump administration US domestic policy US politics news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video US News › Trump administration back to top US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Top 50 US Companies Stashed $1.6 Trillion Offshore, Oxfam Reports 4/12/2017 11:04 AM ET A study published by poverty-fighting organization Oxfam America Wednesday says the 50 biggest U.S. companies, including global brands such as Pfizer, Goldman Sachs, GE, Chevron, Walmart and Apple have stashed $1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens. In a new report, based on corporate financial, lobbying, and investor disclosures released ahead of Tax Day, Oxfam revealed that the 50 largest U.S. companies relied on an opaque and secretive network of at least 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to avoid paying their fair share of taxes. Oxfam also warned that reforms proposed by President Donald Trump and Congressional leaders will only further rig the rules in favor of the rich and powerful, deepen the inequality crisis, and harm poor families in the U.S. and in developing countries worldwide. "While President Trump was elected on the promise to fix the rigged political and economic system, his proposals will only enrich powerful corporations and enable special interests to game the tax code at the expense of ordinary taxpayers and small businesses," said Robbie Silverman, senior advisor for Oxfam America and one of the authors of the report. "Every year rigged tax rules cost Americans approximately $135 billion in corporate tax dodging and sap an estimated $100 billion from poor countries - revenue that should go towards building schools, bridges and hospitals," he added. The report,reveals that the U.S. companies have deepened their use of tax havens and boosted their investments in building political influence to push for even greater tax breaks than they already enjoy. Even as these 50 companies earned over $4.2 trillion in profits globally, they used offshore tax havens to lower their effective overall tax rate to just 25.9 percent. Oxfam estimates that for every $1 these companies spent lobbying on tax issues, they received an estimated $1,200 in tax breaks. The report does not accuse any of the companies of acting illegally, but demonstrates how the current tax system permits companies to dodge hundreds of billions of dollars of tax within the bounds of the law. Oxfam estimates that the top 50 U.S. companies would stand to gain between $312-327 billion from the repatriation holidays proposed by President Trump and the House GOP. Just 4 companies - Apple, Pfizer, Microsoft and General Electric-together could potentially pocket as much as $132 billion in new tax breaks from this single policy change. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Unhappy Campers: The 10 Most Miserable Nations on Earth Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Health Care The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories The Smokehouse Of NY Recalls Smoked Fish Products AERI's Rocket Hits Target, ENTL Gets FDA Nod, NOVN Jumps On Positive Trial Data European Shares Poised For Weak Start As Trump Talks Down Dollar China's Exports Rebound, Imports Growth Slows In March Singapore Keeps Monetary Policy Unchanged Food Delivery Robots Debut In San Francisco Asian Markets Mostly Lower Gainers & Losers Of Apr.12: ADPT, NBIX, NOVN, PLX, ALBO... Facebook Messenger Passes 1.2 Bln. Users Burger King Ad Triggers Google Home Device Gymboree Considering Bankruptcy David Einhorn's Greenlight Says GM Misled On Stock Plan Geopolitical Concerns Continue To Weigh On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Negative In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Roger Corman To Receive Master Of Horror Award At Overlook Film Festival <<Previous        70 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Food Delivery Robots Debut In San Francisco Lawsuit Claims CEO Said App 'Only For Rich People' Uber PR Head Leaving Vodafone Scraps Roaming Charges In 40 Countries Google Details Pay Methodology To Answer Charges Of Gender Discrimination United Airlines CEO Says Deplaned Passenger Was "disruptive And Belligerent" FCC Looks To Keep In-Flight Call Ban AMC Revamps Menu To Include More Meal Items Starbucks Testing Lunch Menu In Chicago Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Victoria Beckham Clothing Line Debuts At Target Airlines Improving Flying Experience, Study Shows AKRX Confirms Acquisition Talks, CBIO Plunges, Be All Ears For GERN FDA Approves 1st Drug For Tardive Dyskinesia, AGRX On Track, ITEK, AZRX On Watch Gainers & Losers Of Apr.10: CYTX, AXON, GERN, OMED, TXMD... Gainers & Losers Of Apr.11: WINT, GNCA, MESO, CYTX, ENDP... AXON Names New CEO, ANTH Awaits Data In Q3, Nicox Gets 2nd Chance From FDA The 10 Most Miserable Nations On Earth, Ranked Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Riding High: Gaia Capgemini To Acquire North American Operations Of Ciber For $50 Mln Germany's Fresenius Confirms Talks To Buy Generic Drugmaker Akorn FCC Looks To Keep In-Flight Call Ban Starbucks Testing Lunch Menu In Chicago Riding High: Gaia Pier 1 Imports Inc. Q4 Earnings Advance 49% GE Transportation Buys 50% Stake In Lokomotiv Kurastyru Zauyty JV GoPro Announces Trade-In Program Google Details Pay Methodology To Answer Charges Of Gender Discrimination Manulife Real Estate Buys 8 Cross Street In Singapore Sussex Bancorp To Acquire Community Bank Of Bergen In All-stock Deal PPG Acquires 40% Ownership Interest In Taiwan Chlorine Industries Mastercard Gets UK Regulatory Approval To Acquire VocaLink - Quick Facts Whole Foods Market Store In Dedham Recalls Yogurt And Granola Parfaits FOX News Appoints Amy Listerman As CFO Tesco's Deferred Prosecution Agreement With UK SFO Approved Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
RestaurantNewsRelease.com Restaurant News and Press Release Distribution Home About Contact Privacy Policy Submit Release Philly Pretzel Factory Celebrates 10 Years of Pretzel Giveaways for National Pretzel Day Wednesday, April 12th, 2017   167-Unit Pretzel Franchise Plans to Distribute More Than 150,000 Pretzels on April 26 Philadelphia, PA  (Restaurant News Release)  Ten years and nearly one million free pretzels later, Philly Pretzel Factory’s giveaway celebration continues for National Pretzel Day. On Wednesday, April 26, traditional and Walmart locations system-wide will offer a free pretzel to every guest who enters the store in honor of the national holiday. Additionally, Philly Pretzel Factory locations will award the first 100 customers in line with a card redeemable for a free pretzel every day throughout the month of May. “National Pretzel Day is our favorite holiday because it gives us a chance to show our appreciation to our loyal customers who have been enjoying our fresh baked pretzels for nearly two decades,” said Dan DiZio, CEO and co-founder of Philly Pretzel Factory, a 167-unit pretzel chain born and raised in Philadelphia. “Our customers have helped us achieve great success over the years and we like to be able to celebrate alongside them and thank them.” After launching its free pretzel initiative on National Pretzel Day 10 years ago, Philly Pretzel Factory saw thousands of fans enter its stores for a savory treat – the brand plans to give away more than 150,000 pretzels that day. With momentum from the success of previous years, franchisees across the nation are preparing for the big day. Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter have been a huge help in promoting the national holiday, and many fans have turned to these platforms to interact, connect and bond with the brand on a more personal level. “The Philly Pretzel Factory experience goes beyond the walls of our locations – it is a lifestyle,” said Marty Ferrill, President of Philly Pretzel Factory. “We’ve garnered a significant following through daily promotions, giveaways and exciting announcements – and with more than 280,000 followers on Facebook – we can’t wait to see customers celebrating across the United States.” National Pretzel Day began in 1983 when Philadelphia Rep. Robert S. Walker declared his favorite food was deserving of its own holiday. During the time of the first declaration, but long before Philly Pretzel Factory was built, DiZio already had a knack for selling the knot-shaped delights. At the age of 12, DiZio would ride his bike to the corner of Southampton and Roosevelt Boulevard to sell his own pretzel creations. The young entrepreneur would sell five pretzels for $1, averaging total sales of 1,000 pretzels per day. After giving a cut to the supplier, DiZio would pocket $100 and ride home. In order to turn his pretzel stand into something much bigger, DiZio teamed up with college buddy Len Lehman in 1998 to create the first Philly Pretzel Factory blueprint. Since then, the brand has grown from a single location in the Mayfair neighborhood in Philadelphia to 167 locations in 19 states across the U.S. from Boston to Florida and west to Las Vegas. The company is on pace to add 50 new locations this year with franchise owners across the U.S. “Since we have added a presence in new markets over the last year, we are excited to see more families and their communities enjoy a snack on us for the special day,” said Tom Monaghan, Chief Development Officer of Philly Pretzel Factory. As the world’s largest Philly-style bakery, Philly Pretzel Factory bakes fresh, delicious soft pretzels delivered to customers “served hot outta the oven.” Each pretzel, made from a mix of only the finest and freshest ingredients, is hand twisted to ensure quality and authenticity. About Philly Pretzel Factory Philly Pretzel Factory offers consumers a fresh, satisfying snack with their fresh-baked pretzels that are “served hot outta the oven.” Philly Pretzel Factory was founded in 1998 by college buddies Dan DiZio and Len Lehman and has grown into the largest Philly style pretzel bakery in the world, feeding customers at more than 165 franchised locations spreading across the country out of Philadelphia. Philly Pretzel Factory’s menu offers the traditional Philly style pretzel and also includes pretzel twists, mini pretzels, rivets, pretzel dogs, cheesesteak pretzels and a variety of mustards. These products can be found in a stand-alone bakery, transportation and entertainment venues, and in the nation’s largest retailer, Walmart. For more information on Philly Pretzel Factory, visit www.phillypretzelfactory.com. To inquire about franchise opportunities, visit www.ownappf.com. Contact: Lauren Kaminski No Limit Agency 312-526-3966 lauren@nolimitagency.com Latest Restaurant News Domino’s Opens 14,000th Store Worldwide Überrito Names Peter Ortiz Chief Development Officer Taco John’s To Break Ground on 1st Bristol Restaurant Jack in the Box Inc. Announces Upcoming CFO Retirement KNAPP-TRACK Ranks Twin Peaks Restaurants #1 Among Casual Dining Brands in February Fazoli’s On The Road To Expansion With TravelCenters of America The Restaurant Marketing Department Experiencing Success, Delivering Results with Innovative Approach for Providing “Fully Staffed” Marketing Solutions Philly Pretzel Factory Celebrates 10 Years of Pretzel Giveaways for National Pretzel Day Lighthouse Café Selects Custom Business Solutions’ NorthStar in Point-of-Sale System Conversion From the Challenges of Technology, Delivery and Labor Costs, to Sparse Growth Possibilities, the Restaurant Industry Faces a Defining Moment, Says AlixPartners Study Restaurant Chain Growth Report 4/11/17 Main Event Entertainment Rolls Out New Food, New Beverages, New Games and New Food & FUN Combo! Hooters Expands in Germany with New Location Church’s Chicken Presents at WFF Annual Leadership Development Conference Moms Eat Free This Easter at Arooga’s Grille House & Sports Bar Copyright © RestaurantNewsRelease.com
