Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart's online sales are exploding Adam Levy, The Motley Fool May 28, 2017, 3:08 PM 23,127 facebook linkedin twitter email print Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Wal-Mart saw its online sales growth fall into single digits last year before it decided to actually do something about it. When Wal-Mart reported just 7% growth in e-commerce sales in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the backlash may have been the impetus it needed to start making major e-commerce acquisitions like Jet.com. That move brought on Marc Lore, a serial digital entrepreneur, to head up Wal-Mart's e-commerce business. It seems the moves are starting to pay off. Lore has made several major moves, and Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales grew a whopping 63% in the first quarter of 2018. What's more, CEO Doug McMillon says that most of that sales growth stems from Walmart.com, not the string of acquisitions it's made over the last year or so. Two major changes that paid off Wal-Mart made an aggressive move at the beginning of the year, offering free two-day shipping on select items for orders over $35. The company did away with its previous shipping program, ShippingPass, which competed directly with Amazon Prime. Wal-Mart's free shipping is available on over 2 million items. That's well short of Amazon's 50 million Prime-eligible items. Still, Wal-Mart is betting that it has a wide enough selection to fulfill most customers' needs. The second move Wal-Mart made was to offer discounts on certain items shipped to a nearby store. If Wal-Mart wants to successfully compete with Amazon it needs to use its physical stores. That strategy could be particularly valuable for big-ticket items where shipping the last mile is often costly due to weight, and customers can save a noticeable amount of money. Wal-Mart's growing third-party marketplace The selection of items on Walmart.com has grown from 10 million at this time last year to 50 million today. The growth stems largely from third-party sellers on Wal-Mart's platform. Third-party sales account for the difference in gross merchandise value(GMV)  growth and sales. Last quarter, GMV grew 69% and sales grew just 63%. Those numbers indicate third-party sales continue to increase their share of sales on Walmart.com. Third-party sales don't generate as much revenue, but Wal-Mart could generate higher profit margins from each sale since it doesn't have to handle inventory or shipping. Amazon, likewise, has seen a lot of growth from third-party merchants recently. Its Fulfillment by Amazon service takes the traditional marketplace one step further by allowing merchants to store products at Amazon's warehouses and take advantage of Amazon's shipping. That's how Amazon quickly grew the number of Prime-eligible items to 50 million. Considering Wal-Mart also has a large fulfillment network, it may consider copying Amazon's strategy. But why make acquisitions? As mentioned above, McMillon said the majority of Wal-Mart's e-commerce growth is organic. Moreover, he said the "plan in e-commerce is not to buy our way to success." So, if Walmart.com is growing fine on its own, why does it need to make so many acquisitions? McMillon stated, "The acquisitions are helping us speed some things up." Acquisitions like Modcloth and Moosejaw give Walmart immediate expertise in some high-margin categories. Wal-Mart is historically associated with low quality and low margins. Snatching up some high-end properties could help it sell higher-quality products with higher margins. That said, all of its acquisitions follow a similar pattern: It's buying up young brands at a discount after they've struggled to raise more funding due to slowing sales. By their nature, Wal-Mart shouldn't expect significant growth to come from the acquisitions after they've been incorporated into its e-commerce revenue. Considering the size of Walmart.com, they'll hardly move the needle for Wal-Mart, and Wal-Mart's brand may still hold it back from incorporating higher-priced and higher-margin items on its main website. So, if Walmart.com is growing so well, why bother spending investors' money on e-commerce acquisitions? Overall, it was a great quarter for Wal-Mart's online business, but the company's acquisition strategy is still puzzling. Read the original article on The Motley Fool. Copyright 2017. Follow The Motley Fool on Twitter. More from The Motley Fool: SEE ALSO: Walmart applies for a patent to rival Amazon Dash NOW WATCH: The richest village in China is one of the most mysterious places on earth Loading video... More: The Motley Fool Online Business facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart's online sales are exploding Walmart's online sales are exploding Wal-Mart saw its online sales growth fall... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
﻿Celebrity Fashion Beauty Hair Love Lifestyle News Videos Festival Follow Us Star Gazing Halle Berry, Yara Shahidi, Tina Lawson and More Celebs Out and About Celebrity Tupac Shakur Biopic Director Benny Boom Presents a Cast That’s Sure to Shine Celebrity Chance the Rapper Asks HBO to Cut Bill Maher's Show After Host Drops the N-Word on Air Celebrity ‘Bachelorette’ Rachel Lindsay Dated NBA All-Star Kevin Durant! More ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Rihanna's Newest Fenty x Puma Sneakers Just Dropped Fashion 'Sports Illustrated Swimsuit' Is Launching a Swimwear Line Fashion Niecy Nash Better Push Through in This Killer Pink 'Claws' Premiere Look! Fashion What I Screenshot This Week: The $11,000 Pineapple Printed Dress That Inspired My Summer Wardrobe More Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Ne-Yo Opens Up About Ditching Hats and Learning to Embrace His Baldness Beauty 27 Beautiful Celebrity Women Who Seem To Be Aging Backwards Beauty This Watermelon Face Mask Has A 5,000 Person Wait List Beauty 5 Crazy-Looking Sheet Masks For Glowing Skin And A Hilarious Selfie More Beauty Best in Black Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair 19 Breathtaking and Easy Ways To Wear The Exposed Bobby Pin Trend Hair You Need This Braided Ponytail Tutorial For Festival Season Hair This Space Buns Hair Tutorial Comes With A Braided Twist Braids The Bachelorette's Rachel Lindsay Debuts New Braids for Summer More Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love & Sex Ask Dr. Sherry: 'We're Technically Still Married But Now I'm The Other Woman To My Husband' Love & Sex Your Best Orgasms Happen After This Age  Relationships 7 Ways to Meet Someone Special At Your Friend’s Wedding Love & Sex Mariah Carey Rekindles Romance With Her Dancer Bae More Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle Best Father's Day Gifts For Retired Dads Travel Barbados’ Black-Owned Luxury Villa La Maison Michelle Will Truly Wow You Money & Career Olympian Michelle Carter On Pushing Past Obstacles To Make Your Own Success Money & Career Why Most Americans Aren't Using All Of Their Vacation Days More Lifestyle A Day in Her Busy Beautiful Life Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Noose At Black History Museum Aligns With Increased Hate Incidents Across U.S. News HBO Responds to Bill Maher's 'Inexcusable and Tasteless' Use of the N-Word on Air News Google Honors Josephine Baker’s 111th Birthday With Doodle Politics Examining Environmental Racism: How Trump's Blatant Disregard For Climate Change Affects People Of Color More News Politics Culture Videos Dealing With In-Laws, Sex As A Married Couple And More! Check Out This Week's Marriage Episode Of ESSENCE Live Videos It's Time To Analyze These 'Get Out' Theories From The Comfort Of Your Home Essence Live This Happened: Steve Harvey’s Ex-Wife Sues Him For 'Soul Murder' Videos Aisha Hinds On Her Unique Style And Why She Went Bald More Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic 2017 ESSENCE Festival Summertime Fine: This Pic Of Mama Tina In Beyonce's 'Ivy Park' Activewear Will Have You Running To The Gym 2017 ESSENCE Festival Chance The Rapper Shares How The Black Women In His Family Inspire His Spirit Of Activism On 'The View' 2017 ESSENCE Festival Mara Brock Akil, Kandi Burruss And More Added To ESSENCE Path To Power Conference 2017 ESSENCE Festival Master P To Honor The Memory Of 7-Year-Old Gun Violence Victim At ESSENCE Festival Celebrity Basketball Game More Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! Woke Wonderland ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Close Search by typing... Search ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Best in Black Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle A Day in Her Busy Beautiful Life Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Politics Culture Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! Woke Wonderland ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Home News Miss Black Texas Accuses Police Chief Of False Arrest After Road Rage Incident RELATED VIDEO "Black Women Unbothered By Police" Is The Photo Series We Never Knew We Needed See Video Photo by Carmen Ponder By Paula Rogo May, 27, 2017 A Texas police chief called Carmen Ponder a “black b**** during the confrontation   Carmen Ponder, Miss Black Texas 2016, was driving to a North Texas Walmart when she decided to pass a black truck. The driver, she says, was driving erratically and she believed they could be drunk.  When she parked her car outside the Walmart, she realized the black truck had followed her. What followed was an incident that now has the recent Texas A&M graduate calling for the resignation of Terry Crews, the police chief in Commerce, Texas. https://twitter.com/CarmenSierraaa/status/866673510739058688 Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 RELATED: Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news. Crews had apparently been in the passenger’s seat of the car, teaching his 14-year-old daughter how to drive. He was angered when Ponder decided to pass him, and followed her all the way to the Walmart to confront her. According to Ponder, who shared her experience in a tweet, Crews began yelling aggressively at her for passing him and did not identify himself as a cop. “He continued yelling and cussing me out and I finally turned around and said, “it’s illegal” when he kept saying it was a 14 year old driving,” she wrote. “That’s when he screamed ‘oh whatever, you black b****!’”  RELATED: Viral Video Allegedly Shows San Antonio Police Punching 14-Year-Old Girl https://twitter.com/CarmenSierraaa/status/867170450408968192 @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder decided to extricate herself from the situation by entering the store, but Crews and a group of men were waiting for her upon her exit. When they demanded an apology for the now-acknowledged police chief, Ponder refused, trying to get to her car. That is when she notified that she was being detained, and another individual, also a police officer, grabbed her. More police eventually arrived on the scene, siding with the police chief and the other individuals who claimed she was resisting arrest. “The cop then pulled out his cuffs and arrested me,” she said. “I spent 24 hours in jail and currently have a charge for avoiding arrest.” RELATED: Police Chief Admits To Getting Key Detail Wrong In Fatal Shooting Of Black Teen In Texas https://twitter.com/MeritLaw/status/868094046429990916 Facts: #CarmenPonder was called a "black bitch" by a city official. #CarmenPonder was wrongfully arrested. #CarmenPonder faces false charges pic.twitter.com/PpHAreyp1K— S. Lee Merritt, Esq. (@MeritLaw) May 26, 2017 “It’s just a reminder that our skin color, speaking specifically about the African-American community, is seen as something hostile, dangerous and illegal,” civil rights lawyer Lee Merritt, Ponder’s lawyer,  told the Huffington Post. He is calling for Ponder’s charge to be dropped, and for for Crews to resign. action. RELATED: Police Kill Suspect In A Fatal San Diego Pool Party Shooting Crews has yet to release a statement. He has been placed on administrative leave. Read More Latest In Video Mack Wilds Performs ''Explore'' From New Album 'AfterHours' See More Videos More From Essence News Noose At Black History Museum Aligns With Increased Hate Incidents Across U.S. News HBO Responds to Bill Maher's 'Inexcusable and Tasteless' Use of the N-Word on Air News Google Honors Josephine Baker’s 111th Birthday With Doodle News Brandy Rushed To Hospital After Falling Unconscious On Delta Flight News Dakota Access Pipeline Starts Shipping Oil Despite Protests News The Trump Administration Is Asking the Supreme Court To Reinstate Its Travel Ban Filed under: News Latest News How Dianne Smith Turned A Domestic Violence Incident Into Art 1:17 PM Halle Berry, Yara Shahidi, Tina Lawson and More Celebs Out and About 12:41 PM Tupac Shakur Biopic Director Benny Boom Presents a Cast That’s Sure to Shine 11:07 AM Chance the Rapper Asks HBO to Cut Bill Maher's Show After Host Drops the N-Word on Air 10:31 AM Rihanna's Newest Fenty x Puma Sneakers Just Dropped 10:22 AM Noose At Black History Museum Aligns With Increased Hate Incidents Across U.S. Jun 03   Latest In Video Mack Wilds Performs ''Explore'' From New Album 'AfterHours' See More Videos SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter and Special Offers delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2017 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Crime Held hostage for 25 hours: Kissimmee man targeted by accused serial kidnapper For 25 hours, Frank Novak says he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried anything. His accused kidnapper only wanted one thing: money. Since Novak said he only had a dollar left in his account, his abductor kept him until his paycheck cleared in his account the next day, police say.  For 25 hours, Frank Novak says he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried anything. His accused kidnapper only wanted one thing: money. Since Novak said he only had a dollar left in his account, his abductor kept him until his paycheck cleared in his account the next day, police say.  Christal Hayes Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Frank Novak just wanted to survive. For 25 hours, he drove around Kissimmee with a weapon held to the back of his head. He was told he would die if he tried to escape. “I tried to stay calm, but I kept shaking,” Novak said. “All I was thinking was, ‘I’ve got to do whatever this guy wants so he doesn’t hurt me,’ because he said he had a gun.” Police say his accused kidnapper was after one thing: money. But Novak wasn’t the only victim. Gabriel Rene chose his prey based on where they worked or what their cars looked like, usually targeting people who were alone and vulnerable, police say. He has been charged with kidnapping five people over two months. For weeks, police say, he got away with it. Court records reveal he would force his victims to drive around Kissimmee and Osceola County, give him money, then sometimes help him find his next target. Rene, 22, would then ditch his victims after getting what he wanted, which police say included sexually battering one woman. He even taunted authorities over the course of his crimes, which police say led to his undoing. The hunt for Rene started in February, just a day after he was released from the Osceola County Jail on unrelated charges. Novak had gotten off work from Wal-Mart on Feb. 9 and was on Oak Street near John Young Parkway when police say Rene grabbed him from behind, held a weapon to his back and said: “You’re being robbed. Give me your money.” He pulled out his wallet, took out $20 and an old Wal-Mart gift card, and handed it over. That wasn’t enough. Rene asked how much more money he had in his bank account, police said. Novak was broke but told Rene he was getting paid the next morning. “I have to get mines before I let you go,” Rene told Novak. “I can’t just let you leave.” For a full day, Novak said, Rene had him drive around the city, stopping at several places throughout the day, including a Wal-Mart, a 7-Eleven, a Burger King and a Subway. Courtesy Frank Novak Novak's sister texted him during his ordeal. Rene forced him to answer her like everything was normal. Novak's sister texted him during his ordeal. Rene forced him to answer her like everything was normal. (Courtesy Frank Novak) He held a pair of scissors to the back of his head most of the time, telling Novak, “You got a gun pointed at your back,” police records show. “Throughout the day, I had some opportunities where I could have made a break for it, but I just wanted to survive,” Novak said. “That was my thing: doing what he asked, keeping him happy, so he wouldn’t hurt me.” Police say Rene acted erratically, at times friendly, but then telling Novak he planned to kill him. “I should have killed you right back there when I first picked you up, but you were carrying those Catholic beads,” Rene told him, according to Novak. “I couldn’t bring myself to kill you because you believe in God.” After Novak’s paycheck cleared in his account, they drove to an ATM. He took out the $800 and handed it over. Novak didn’t know Rene was recording their interactions on Rene’s cellphone. Toward the end of the 25-hour ordeal, Novak says, Rene forced him to go back to where he’d first abducted him to re-enact the kidnapping. A video shows suspect Gabriel Rene kidnap Frank Novak, hold him for hours and force him to drive around the Osceola County with a weapon to his back, police said. Novak was forced to take out $800 from an ATM before he was let go, records show.  A video shows suspect Gabriel Rene kidnap Frank Novak, hold him for hours and force him to drive around the Osceola County with a weapon to his back, police said. Novak was forced to take out $800 from an ATM before he was let go, records show.  See more videos Police said Rene then edited together an 8-minute video that condensed the 25 hours and put it on Novak’s phone. At the end, a message for law-enforcement officers scrolls across the screen: “Happy Hunting Mother F****** Pigs.” Rene let Novak go the next morning. Novak went straight to police and gave them the video. During the next two months, four others were kidnapped, including an employee at Osceola Regional Medical Center. Each time, police say Rene’s actions intensified, replacing his scissors with a gun and a mask, and ultimately resorting to physical violence when his demands weren’t met. Police say Rene’s crimes escalated April 12, when he kidnapped a woman at gunpoint as she was watching Disney World fireworks from a Target parking lot along U.S. Highway 192, records show. When she said she didn’t have any money, Rene told her if he “was not going to get money out of her, he was going to get something else out of her,” an arrest affidavit said. For several hours, he punched her, sexually assaulted her and then forced her to drive him around, looking for other victims before she was released, deputies said. The Kissimmee Police Department and the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office followed tips, which led to them finding Rene’s gun and clothing behind a business where he had tried to sell his gun, police said. He was found April 14 at the Dakin Avenue LYNX station, two days after the last kidnapping. He denied abducting anyone, an arrest affidavit said. There was no response to calls to Rene’s lawyer. Kissimmee Police Chief Jeffrey O’Dell said he’s glad Rene is behind bars. “This man was certainly dangerous, and what was worrying was with each of these crimes, his actions were intensifying and getting worse,” he said. Since Novak’s abduction, he has taken off several weeks from his job, is going through counseling and had an alarm system installed in his home. “Sometimes something will just trigger it, and I’m back there,” he said. “For weeks I didn’t even want to go outside, but it’s like everywhere I go, I am conscious of my surroundings and worried someone is going to come up behind me. I am just glad I don’t have to worry about this guy anymore.” chayes@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5493 or Twitter: @journo_christal Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  Caption New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  Caption Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Caption Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Law Enforcement Kidnapping Kissimmee News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 71° 71° Low 69° High 81° Mon 73° 86° Tue 71° 89° Wed 67° 91° See complete forecast Severe weather alert What to make of these viral racist tirades? Posted 9:17 AM, May 27, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email (CNN) — The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman “go back to Mexico,” and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: “This is my f***ing country.” Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint’s CEO said he and colleagues were “disgusted” by the woman’s actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened “It means that America is back where it was … decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion,” said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump “tapped into seething anger” that was already boiling in those who couldn’t accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump “legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned.” “People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn’t do before … It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President.” Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from “fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country.” He said: “They feel that they’re going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes.” It’s not new; it’s cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn’t new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. “It’s cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day,” said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University’s Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it “into our consciousness in a much more emotional way,” she said. “There’s one part of this that could move us forward as a society … It’s in our face now, and we can’t deny that it’s happening,” Carrillo said. She said: “People who are recording them may feel like it’s an injustice, and that’s why they are recording it — and you can see some of the responses.” But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, “it’s kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism.” Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. “We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment,” she said. It’s a push back against diversity “There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there’s been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country,” said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich,” which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said “Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate.” “When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists — I’m talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News — it’s not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness,” Perry said. He added: “There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others.” Social media has helped bring these rants to light “What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon,” said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. “What’s new is the ability to record it.” Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. “I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time,” he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. “There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before,” he said. “But what’s clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media.” 37.431573 -78.656894 Related stories Final Confederate statue comes down in New Orleans ACLU claims police department in Mississippi is targeting black people White cop sues for racial discrimination after finding out he’s part African Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Man dies after swimming with new tattoo Murder suspect dead, 3 officers shot in Laredo shootout Jack in The Box employees fired for being rude to HPD HCSO to get outside ‘oversight’ during investigation into man’s death after confrontation with off-duty officer, her husband Latest News Fifth Ward community members protest church after man tazed by HPD President Trump’s response to London terror attack stands out for all the wrong reasons HPD: 2 killed in Greenspoint apartment complex Breitbart employees infuriated by colleagues’ ‘appalling’ comments after London terror attack Nation/World Prominent Memphis couple reportedly caught in racist rant Nation/World Copperhead snake bites man inside Arkansas Walmart Nation/World Racial slur gets man banned from Boston’s Fenway Park for life Texas Video: Man swears at family, yells ‘Trump will stop you’ in anti-Muslim tirade at Texas beach Nation/World NewsFix Stranger interrupts Asian funeral and makes racist remarks; family is very offended Nation/World Serena Williams slams Ilie Nastase over ‘racist’ comments Local NewsFix Police arrest Humble man, Houston woman nicknamed ‘Checked up Stanka’ wanted for string of Kroger store robberies Local Community leaders host “Hands Off Al Green” press conference Nation/World ‘One word says it all. Asian.’ Woman denied Airbnb during snowstorm because of her race  Nation/World Passengers get into fistfight aboard Southwest flight Local Man charged in cold-blooded killing of Deputy Darren Goforth found competent to stand trial Nation/World American Airlines investigating confrontation captured on video Nation/World NewsFix ‘Vicious gang of kids’ beat man with autism Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / What to make of these viral racist tirades? What to make of these viral racist tirades? Posted on Saturday, May 27, 2017 by CNN in National News The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman “go back to Mexico,” and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: “This is my f***ing country.” Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint’s CEO said he and colleagues were “disgusted” by the woman’s actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened “It means that America is back where it was … decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion,” said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump “tapped into seething anger” that was already boiling in those who couldn’t accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump “legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned.” “People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn’t do before … It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President.” Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from “fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country.” He said: “They feel that they’re going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes.” It’s not new; it’s cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn’t new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. “It’s cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day,” said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University’s Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it “into our consciousness in a much more emotional way,” she said. “There’s one part of this that could move us forward as a society … It’s in our face now, and we can’t deny that it’s happening,” Carrillo said. She said: “People who are recording them may feel like it’s an injustice, and that’s why they are recording it — and you can see some of the responses.” But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, “it’s kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism.” Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. “We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment,” she said. It’s a push back against diversity “There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there’s been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country,” said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich,” which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said “Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate.” “When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists — I’m talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News — it’s not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness,” Perry said. He added: “There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others.” Social media has helped bring these rants to light “What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon,” said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. “What’s new is the ability to record it.” Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. “I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time,” he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. “There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before,” he said. “But what’s clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media.” Abraham Lincoln document from Civil War up for sale Two South Carolina men charged for forcing alligator to drink beer Related Posts ‘Mr. Cub’ Ernie Banks dies at 83 Thompson Cosponsored Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act Passes House Suspect arrested, accused of throwing Bible into Colorado mosque Oregon shooting: Gunman was student in class where he killed 9 Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks Goal is to compete with Wal-Mart, Target Video Photo Photo illustration by Liz Martin/The Gazette Bloomberg News May 26, 2017 at 3:44 pm | Print View Amazon.com opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors such as Wal-Mart Stores. The AmazonFresh Pickup spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Each location has parking spaces beneath canopies similar to those seen at gas stations. Grocery sales have been slow to shift online, unlike books and electronics, leaving Amazon at a disadvantage to competitors such as Wal-Mart, Target Corp. and supermarket chain Kroger Co. Amazon is experimenting with brick-and-mortar concepts to get a toehold in grocery sales while its competitors add online options to their existing stores. Amazon also opened a convenience store format called Amazon Go that lets shoppers check in with a smartphone app, grab sandwiches, salads and other items they want from shelves and leave without having to check out. Instead, customers get billed automatically. The format is being tested by employees, who have found the technology crashes when the store gets too crowded, according to people familiar with the matter. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, ... London attack toll rises to 7 dead Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charg ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Best of Inland Empire Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian Newsletters E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Best of Inland Empire Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian $500,000 grant will help Norco College build… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Kindergartners help save teacher How will eclipse affect solar power? Truck hits flower shop HS GameTime: CIF championships Local News $500,000 grant will help Norco College build itself into logistics training hub Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Students break into groups to work on a class project during their programable logic controllers class at Norco College on Monday, May 22. Photo by Stan Lim, The Press-Enterprise/SCNG By Stephen Wall | PUBLISHED: May 27, 2017 at 6:00 am | UPDATED: May 28, 2017 at 9:25 pm Jonathan Monk grew up around wires, gadgets and high-powered tools. His dad was a high-voltage electrician; his grandfather an automotive technician. “It’s in my blood,” Monk said. It’s no surprise the 22-year-old Norco resident is pursuing a career involving technology and machines. Monk attends Norco College, which is becoming a training ground for the fast-growing logistics industry. The school is expanding its six-year-old supply chain technology program through a $500,000 grant from the California Community College Chancellor’s Office. Supply chain automation refers to the process of receiving, organizing and preparing products for delivery to consumers. “Basically, it’s what makes Amazon Prime and the two-day delivery stuff possible,” said Charles Henkels, Norco College’s apprenticeship director for career and technical education. The grant is seed money to launch an apprenticeship program that aims to include partnerships with companies such as Target, Fender and Walmart, Henkels said. The money pays for instruction, lab equipment and costs to start the program. The apprenticeship initiative, which is being developed, is an extension of the college’s seven-month intensive and traditional two-year program in which students can earn certificates and get jobs as industrial automation technicians. About 150 students are in the program, Henkels said. Graduates earn starting pay between $14 and $17 an hour, he added. Logistics, or goods movement, is fueling economic growth in the Inland area, which ranks second in the nation for million-square-foot “megawarehouses,” according to commercial real estate company CBRE Group. There are 13 such warehouses in the region, spanning 15.4 million square feet, including three Amazon fulfillment centers in Eastvale, Moreno Valley and San Bernardino. Logistics accounted for almost one in four jobs created in the Inland Empire from 2011 to 2016, and continues to grow, John Husing, chief economist for the Inland Empire Economic Partnership, said in a December report. Amazon, Walmart and other companies with large warehouses and distribution centers need skilled employees to install, run, upgrade and fix software, hardware and automated equipment, Henkels said. “They cannot get enough qualified workers currently,” said Glen Graham, Norco College electronics and electrician instructor. “Our job is to bridge that gap by training them in the electrical, the math, the measurements and the different related technologies to get them to be able to handle those jobs.” The apprenticeship program, which is expected to begin with 25 students and grow, combines on-the-job training with classroom lessons. Businesses can partner with the college to train new technicians and improve the skills of existing employees, Henkels said. “It’s definitely new and innovative,” Henkels said. “Typically, when employers are looking for technicians, they have an experience requirement and are looking for people that have been in the field a while.” Walmart recently hired two students from Norco’s supply chain technician program and sees the apprenticeship program as a potential source of future industrial maintenance workers. “Our work with Norco College is a great example of how we can collaborate with colleges and universities to help grow the number of skilled workers entering the workforce,” Keith Nye, Walmart’s director of logistics maintenance and reliability, said in a statement. Norco College’s supply chain technology program draws students from across the region. Thomas Valent drives 90 minutes each way from Cathedral City in the Coachella Valley desert because he can’t find another college with such a focus closer to home. Valent, who works full-time fixing printers, monitors and other electronics, uses vacation time and days off to take classes to improve his career prospects. “Some of my friends work in the warehousing industry and they tell me how good their job is,” said Valent, 40. “It’s stable and it pays well.” Matthew McCall, 24, enrolled at Norco College this spring after serving four years in the Army. The Pomona resident wants to follow in his father’s footsteps and work for a company that makes conveyor systems. “It’s challenging,” McCall said. “Machines break in different ways. There’s so much to it. I want to learn what I need to know to get ahead of the curve.” ABOUT THE PROGRAM Name: Supply Chain Technology School: Norco College Started: 2011 Enrollment: About 150 students Purpose: Prepare students to install, run, upgrade and fix equipment used at automated warehouses. What’s new: The school recently got a $500,000 grant for an apprenticeship program combining on-the-job training and classroom lessons. Information: 951-372-7166, glen.graham@norcocollege.com, http://www.norcocollege.edu Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Rancho Verde completes CIF-State boys track championship goal Fatal crash occurs on Cajalco Road in Mead Valley Hemet police suspect window smashing incidents related Sen. Kamala Harris is bringing ‘California resistance’ to Washington Wrong-way driver in fatal crash on 10 Freeway in Fontana Tired of traffic at the Temecula Valley Balloon and Wine Festival? Try camping Tags:  education Top Stories PE Stephen Wall View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Local News Hemet police suspect window smashing incidents related Wildfire scorches 14 acres south of Banning Over 100,000 gallons of sewage spills into Whitewater River storm channel Driver arrested in Rancho Cucamonga fatal DUI collision, deputies say Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Company Store RSS Feeds How to Advertise with Us Media Kit Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Advertising Sections Cars Classifieds Directory Real Estate Jobs Top Workplaces Find Us on Other Platforms Email Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Site Map Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Photo Reprints Reader Rewards Partners San Bernardino Sun Redlands Daily Facts The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Receives $18.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Head-To-Head Survey: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE) & The Coca-Cola (KO) Essilor International SA (ESLOY) Given $70.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Premier Foods Spon (PRRFY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) to Announce $3.45 EPS Radius Health Inc (RDUS) PT Set at $65.00 by Cantor Fitzgerald Gap Inc (GPS) Upgraded by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. to “Buy” NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Norbord Inc. (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Focused Investors LLC Has $1437 Million Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Focused Investors LLC decreased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 0.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,984,000 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 13,700 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores comprises approximately 5.2% of Focused Investors LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Focused Investors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $143,007,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $104,000. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the period. Sunbelt Securities Inc. bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $125,000. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC bought a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $127,000. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.13 on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $65.28 and a 12-month high of $79.44. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $75.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.19. The company has a market cap of $237.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.74 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/27/focused-investors-llc-has-1437-million-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on WMT shares. Vetr lowered Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the company from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Gordon Haskett started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $90.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.15. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 18,856,294 shares of company stock worth $1,396,513,400 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-05-26 05:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-26 23:16:14 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Tags: Freebies Posted May 26 Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18B9M Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Most Memorial Day sales are about saving you money. With Swagbucks, you'll earn money too! Right now, they are offering increased cash back (in the form of SB points) at several of your favorite merchants. If you haven't heard of Swagbucks, when you shop there you get cash back in the form of SB points for every dollar you spend. Then you redeem those points for gift cards to places like Amazon, PayPal, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, and more! Plus, if you've signed up through my links HERE, at some point this month (or do it now), you'll get a $2 (200 SB) bonus added to your account when you spend $25 or more through Swagbucks Shop before the first of June! You can earn SB in all sorts of ways, including discovering deals and trying new products/services, watching videos, taking surveys, or just searching the web! Get your shopping done early AND get points for it! Offers last through Monday, May 29th, 2017. See all the sales and bonus SB points at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks 1 Swagbucks Memorial Day Sale Swagbucks.com website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Free Credit Score - No Card Required! 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 26, 1:47 p.m. ascherer - you are welcome!! QUOTE Report as abuse ascherer May 26, 1:32 p.m. Faye - Thanks QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Close Navigation Home Topics What's On? Weather   -   Interactive Radar   -   Road Conditions   -   Ski Report   -   SkyCams   -   Weather Kids   -   Weather Photos   -   Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports   -   Big Buck   -   Big Fish   -   Fish & Game Forecast   -   Golf Classic   -   Hello, My Name Is   -   Hilight Zone   -   Local Scores   -   National Scores   -   UPick’Em Birthday Club Station   -   Contact Us   -   Jobs at WSAW   -   Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7   -   Sales   -   Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates   -   Submit a News Tip Recalls Community   -   Birthday Club   -   Gas Prices   -   Obituaries Honor Flight Subscribe   -   E-News   -   Push Alerts Livestream 2 Closings Fox Wausau MomsEveryday Local X Submit Photos and Videos Features Buddy Check 7 Pet Project Share Your Holidays Your Town Marshfield Your Town Wisconsin Rapids Close Navigation Topics Close Navigation Back Agriculture Birthday Club Community Consumer Entertainment Health High School International Local Money & Finance National National Sports NFL Offbeat Politics Regional Science State State Legislature Sunrise 7 Technology Weather Weather Videos Your Town 67°F Clear 80° 52° Wausau, WI Toggle navigation Clear 67°F News Weather Sports Community What's On? Home Local Article FBI assisting Medford PD following unfounded bomb threat phone call By Anthony Bruno |  Posted: Thu 3:30 PM, Jun 01, 2017 MEDFORD, Wis. (WSAW) -- The Medford Police Department is working to identify the origin and identity of a caller who called in a bomb threat to the Medford Walmart last week. Chief Bryan Carey of the Medford Police Department tells NewsChannel 7, that the FBI is now assisting in the investigation. According to a press release, the Taylor County Dispatch Center received a 911 call at 2:56 p.m. on Friday from the Walmart store in Medford, reporting that they had received a bomb threat. An employee reported they received a phone call from an unknown male, who said he overheard a conversation earlier in the day that a bomb was planted by the lake near Walmart. Law enforcement and fire personnel were dispatched to the scene and the store was evacuated. After a search of the interior and exterior of the store, it was determined that there was no credible threat and the store was turned back over to management. Medford Police Department received assistance from the Medford Fire Department, Taylor County Sheriff’s Office, Wisconsin DNR and the Taylor County Ambulance during the incident.. Kayla Berg disappearance to air Sunday on Investigation Discovery Central Wisconsin Water Walkers celebrate 20 years Annual June Dairy Breakfast Mobile motorcycle safety training facility visits Rothschild Northwoods boaters dealing with statewide mechanic shortage Kayla Berg disappearance to air Sunday on Investigation Discovery Kayla Berg disappearance to air Sunday on Investigation Discovery Central Wisconsin Water Walkers celebrate 20 years Annual June Dairy Breakfast Mobile motorcycle safety training facility visits Rothschild Northwoods boaters dealing with statewide mechanic shortage   News Weather Interactive Radar Road Conditions Ski Report SkyCams Weather Kids Weather Photos Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports Big Buck Big Fish Fish & Game Forecast Golf Classic Hello, My Name Is Hilight Zone Local Scores National Scores UPick’Em Birthday Club Station Contact Us Jobs at WSAW Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7 Sales Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates Submit a News Tip Terms of Use Privacy Policy/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Advertising EEO Statement Public Inspection File Copyright © 2002-2017 - Designed by Gray Digital Media - Powered by Clickability wsaw.com/a?a=424696724 × Online Public Information File Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov. Public File Liaison: Jane Ploeger jane.ploeger@wsaw.com Station Contact Info: WSAW-TV 1114 Grand Ave. Wausau, WI 54403 Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give ImmunoGen, Inc. (IMGN) a $5.00 Price Target Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Receives $18.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Head-To-Head Survey: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE) & The Coca-Cola (KO) Essilor International SA (ESLOY) Given $70.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Premier Foods Spon (PRRFY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) to Announce $3.45 EPS Radius Health Inc (RDUS) PT Set at $65.00 by Cantor Fitzgerald Gap Inc (GPS) Upgraded by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. to “Buy” NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Insider Selling: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Sells 2,476,374 Shares of Stock May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 2,476,374 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.32, for a total value of $193,949,611.68. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $528,548,785.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Large shareholders that own 10% or more of a company’s stock are required to disclose their transactions with the SEC. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.23% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $78.13. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 6,125,781 shares. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $65.28 and a 12-month high of $79.44. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $75.47 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.14. The firm has a market cap of $237.12 billion, a PE ratio of 17.74 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Insider Selling: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Sells 2,476,374 Shares of Stock” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/insider-selling-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-major-shareholder-sells-2476374-shares-of-stock.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on WMT shares. TheStreet raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Bank of America Corp raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $84.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.15. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Fred Alger Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the last quarter. Payden & Rygel raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the last quarter. Sigma Planning Corp raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the last quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 41.3% in the third quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 878,000 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $63,321,000 after buying an additional 256,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,251,918 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $224,773,000 after buying an additional 35,845 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Walmart Announces $450M In 2017-2018 Investments Throughout Florida by Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Posted: Friday, May 26, 2017 at 3:36PM EDT ORLANDO, Fla. -- The world’s largest retailer today announced its statewide growth and investment plans for the state of Florida, which will result in an economic impact well over $450 million. The plan will expand the company’s more than 375 facility footprint in Florida and build on the continued positive momentum in U.S. sales, customer traffic and customer feedback noted in the company’s most recent earnings report. 2017-2018 Florida Investments The positive business climate in Florida has enabled Walmart to create thousands of local jobs, invest millions in infrastructure and test innovative ways to serve its customers. In an effort to continue its growth and investment in the Sunshine State, Walmart has finalized, or is planning, the following investments across Florida this fiscal year. (Feb. 1, 2017 through Jan. 31, 2018): Open nine new stores across the state, creating more than 800 jobs statewide. Execute a multi-million-dollar capital investment plan by remodeling more than 40 locations across the state. In the coming months, the company will announce the official grand opening of its 150-acre eCommerce Distribution Center campus in Davenport, which has recently been certified as fully operational. Details Currently employing more than 550 recently hired associates with plans to hire at least 1,000 more over the next year. Approximate investment of more than $300 million with two buildings spanning more than 2.2 million sq. ft. The company, today, is also confirming its plans to break ground later this year on a new Distribution Center for perishable goods in the City of Cocoa. Details The company plans to employ more than 450 associates once fully operational. The company is planning an investment of more than $145 million on the 640,000 sq. ft. facility. “This year has been an exciting one for Walmart in Florida, and we’ll build on that momentum as we continue to focus on how to better serve our customers through innovation and investments so they can save both time and money,” said Elise Vasquez-Warner, Walmart’s Vice President and Regional General Manager in North Florida. “We’ve had a sharp focus on making our store experience second to none and our customers are telling us that our plan is working. Our team is energized and we’re looking forward to exceeding our customer’s expectations for what a great Walmart shopping experience can be like.” Walmart’s 2017-2018 investment plans build on Walmart’s growth last year in Florida, which included: Hiring more than 3,225 Floridians by opening more than 20 stores/clubs across the state. Investing millions of dollars in more than 30 store remodels across the state. The expansion of its Online Grocery Pickup service to 70 stores and the launch of Walmart Pay statewide. Opening a state-of-the-art Supercenter in Lake Nona with some of the newest shopping innovations in retail. The store showcases new approaches to technologies, services, products and store layout, which will be tested with customers and evaluated for potential implementation in other locations across the country. The following illustrates Walmart’s local impact on key issues in the Global Responsibility Report: Opportunity: Associate Training, Education and Wages Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. FY17 achievements in Florida included: Opening two Walmart Academies in Florida in FY17 -- while training more than 3,300 Walmart associates through the six Academies open to date. (Hudson, Melbourne, Mulberry, Naples, Navarre and Palatka) Awarding a total of more than $52 million in quarterly bonuses to Florida associates in FY17. Continuing its commitment to hire military veterans for a total of more than 9,700 veterans hired in Florida since launching the Walmart Veterans Welcome Home Commitment in May 2013. Community: Making a Difference & Giving Back In FY17, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $1.4 billion in communities worldwide, including more than $82 million in cash and in-kind contributions to non-profits throughout Florida. Fighting Hunger As the nation’s largest grocer, Walmart is uniquely positioned to support organizations that are on the front lines in the fight against hunger. In addition to donating more than 45 million pounds of food to local Florida food banks – equivalent to more than 37.5 million meals – Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief efforts across Florida in FY17, including more than $700,000 for after school and breakfast in the classroom programs. Walmart also engages customers across the country in making an impact on hunger in their local communities. In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY17, including funds for the following Florida Feeding America affiliate food banks: All Faiths Food Bank, Sarasota America’s Second Harvest of the Big Bend, Inc., Tallahassee Feeding America Tampa Bay, Tampa Feeding Northeast Florida, Jacksonville Feeding South Florida, Pembroke Park Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida, Fort Myers Second Harvest Food Bank of Central Florida, Orlando Treasure Coast Food Bank, Fort Pierce Associate Volunteering Walmart associates are deeply engaged in their communities and in FY17, associates overall volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations, including more than 74,000 hours with local non-profits and charitable causes in Florida, marking another way in which the company supports and impacts the local communities it serves. About Walmart in Florida Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online and through their mobile devices. In Florida, we serve customers at 375 retail units and online through Walmart Grocery Pickup, Walmart.com and Jet.com. We are proud to employ more than 108,000 associates in Florida. Learn more at the Walmart Today blog, and on our Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram channels. Walmart opened its first store in Florida in 1982. Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Nintendo Switch Availability Report For May 26 Posted: May 26 2017, 2:33pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The latest Nintendo Switch stock tracking report for online and in store availability on Friday, May 26th. On Friday, May 26, the GameStop Nintendo Switch bundle priced at $398.99 is the cheapest option to buy a Switch console online. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con bundled with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe physical game and accessories ships within 24 hours from gamestop.com. Don't Miss: This is How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock ToysRUs is selling a Nintendo Switch bundle including three games and accessories for $499.99 online. The GameStop and the ToysRUs bundle are the only way to buy a Nintendo Switch online today so far.  Walmart is expected to sell again the Nintendo Switch online in a bundle starting at $378.76 online at 5pm ET. There are though big problems with this sale. Our Nintendo Switch order from last Friday got put on backorder days after the order was placed. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android. Further below this report features the latest on the in-store availability of the Nintendo Switch. This week two new Switch games are released with Disgaea 5 Complete and Ultra Street Fighter II: The Final Challengers Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Nintendo is also busy marketing the Nintendo Switch with hands-on events and at the E3 2017. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores GameStop is offering one Nintendo Switch bundle for under $400. Yesterday the retailer still had two bundles available for under $400. The Zelda bundle sold out GameStop also runs a big video game accessories sale, including discounts of 20% on select Switch accessories. ToysRUs sells a $499.99 Nintendo Switch bundle online on toysrus.com. Amazon restocked the Nintendo Switch on Wednesday last week. Only Prime members got access to the Nintendo Switch stock. When the next Switch sale on Amazon takes place is not known. Use our new Tracker app to get notified when the Switch is in stock at Amazon. Last Friday at 5:01pm ET, Walmart is sold again the Nintendo Switch online at walmart.com. This was the 7th time Walmart sold the Nintendo Switch on Fridays.  The Switch will be available as a custom bundle. Through the Walmart app the $299 Switch consoles have been available too. To get an notification when Walmart is again selling the Nintendo Switch online next week try our new Tracker app. The Switch is extremely hard to score on Friday at walmart.com. A lot of successful orders got cancelled afterwards as Walmart sold more than they had available. It is a head-scratcher why Walmart's shopping platform is not able to keep sales and stock in sync. At this point no online retailer is selling the $299.99 Nintendo Switch consoles. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. Online stores restocked the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28. Since then the Switch console was out of stock online, besides the TRU bundle offer, according to data from The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores Best Buy stores had the Nintendo Switch in stock this morning. We prepared our readers for this Switch event before it was official. The Nintendo Switch is also available in 611 Walmart stores, 203 Target stores, 44 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (11:30am ET).  The number of stores stocking the Switch has dropped considerably again. The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon.  This week two new Switch games are released. The big upcoming Switch games are Arms on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-05-29 03:05:21am Offers Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Mario Kart Race and Charge Bundle Store: Gamestop Price: $0 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 2 days ago, 5:40am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 9 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 11 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 11 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 9 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Tech leads Wall Street higher - 01:19 'Mom and pop' investors drive Bitcoin surge in Asia - 01:10 Wal-Mart tests new delivery program - 01:22 Blue Apron files for IPO - 01:10 Convergex's Nick Colas: stocks will grind higher - 04:27 Breakingviews TV: Ode to "Sgt. Pepper’s" - 04:13 Linde, Praxair set to create global gases leader - 01:16 Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal - 01:53 The economy is improving, says Ben Lau of Apriem Advisors - 03:59 U.S. job growth sharply slows - 01:10 Robocop joins Dubai police force - 01:09 Turning tyres into tables in Senegal - 01:39 Slow times fuel "stunt foods" Friday, May 26, 2017 - 02:02 From Wal-Mart to PepsiCo, companies are churning out foods with unusual tastes or ingredients weeks after Starbuck's ''Unicorn Frappucino'' sparked a sensation. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Just when you thought you'd gotten over Starbuck's sensation, the Unicorn Frappuccino, two more products are vying to quench your appetite for bizarre fare. This week, PepsiCo put Pepsi Fire on store shelves. The cola delivers a cinnamon kick. Think mild Fireball. Just weeks earlier, Wal-Mart unrolled the Crotilla - a buttery mashup of a croissant and tortilla. Unlike croissants, you can easily slice them to make sandwiches or eat them for dessert. Such so-called "stunt foods" combine strange ingredients or feature unusual tastes, and they're typically available for a limited time. Feeding the craze: slow times for restaurants and consumer product makers. David Henkes of food research firm Technomic: SOUNDBITE: DAVID HENKES, SENIOR PRINCIPAL, TECHNOMIC, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "I think it works in the short term, right? If you look at what Taco Bell or what Starbucks does, these are typically limited time offers. So there's a little bit of a scarcity built into it that appeals to consumers and drives them into a restaurant, drives them to buy that product, and then it disappears." Henkes notes Taco Bell's 6 percent sales growth last year outpaced its peers. Its food lab has dished up oddities like tacos using fried chicken as shells or even Doritos chips. On Thursday, the chain said it plan to grow global sales to $15 billion in five years. Like many others, Wal-Mart hopes Millennials will think 'eureka' when they try the Crotilla. Spokesperson Michelle Malashock: SOUNDBITE: MICHELLE MALASHOCK, SPOKESPERSON, WAL-MART STORES, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "We do know that Millennials enjoy a good mashup every now and then. So from a marketing perspective, we definitely thought about putting these in our stores. We know we have a high concentration of Millennial shoppers. We do know from research and experience that Millennials love to experience food, and for them, food is an event." Wal-Mart won't release any sales numbers. More than 800 stores bake the Crotilla daily, and Wal-Mart aims to roll it out to a few hundred more in the coming months. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2qsmdrE <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371761113" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Slow times fuel "stunt foods" Friday, May 26, 2017 - 02:02 Top News » London Bridge driver 'headed straight towards... 2:21am IST - (2:24) Travelers flying from L.A. to London say... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) UK PM May says "enough is enough" in approach... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:32) Seven killed in London Bridge attack Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:46) Mayor of London calls London Bridge attackers... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:28) Militants stage deadly attack in London Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (2:17) Multiple terror attacks strike London Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:01) UK armed police respond to multiple incidents... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:40) Trump's Paris pullout fuels optimism in West... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:50) Colombia peace deal security gains will take... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:26) German officials give the all clear to concert... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:12) France's Macron welcomes India's Modi at... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (0:41) Rough Cuts » London Bridge driver 'headed straight towards... 2:21am IST - (2:24) Two Australian citizens caught up in London... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:08) Cygnus cargo craft departs from space station Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:55) UK PM May says "enough is enough" in approach... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (1:32) People leave London security area with hands... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:39) Van hits pedestrians on London Bridge: witness Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:48) Real Madrid fans celebrate team's Champions... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:58) Panic in Turin after scuffle amongst soccer... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Trump 'believes the climate is changing':... Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:43) Protesters in D.C. "March for Truth" Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:06) "Make America white again": Trump supporter at... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) NYC's Bloomberg tells Macron U.S. cities will... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:36) Technology » Cygnus cargo craft departs from space station Sun, 04 Jun, 2017 - (0:55) Robocop joins Dubai police to fight real life... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (0:53) Smart algorithm builds 'living' 3D model of... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:56) Huge twin-fuselage Stratolaunch plane leaves... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) Japanese facial recognition system tightens... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (1:11) The tiny organism that could help feed the... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (2:00) 'See-through' ladybird shell reveals... Tue, 30 May, 2017 - (1:30) Graphene sieve could make sea water drinkable Tue, 30 May, 2017 - (1:53) 3D-printed turbine blades a 'breakthrough',... Sun, 28 May, 2017 - (2:02) Electric shocks 'improve' dried herbs taste Sun, 28 May, 2017 - (1:22) Britain's "Iron Man" breaks his own jet-suit... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:05) Brazilian doctors use fish skin to treat burn... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:00) Oddly Enough » From fear of water to gold, Bosnian armless... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (1:25) A startup that's turning bread into beer Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:36) Lima celebrates Peruvian Clown Day Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:34) Stone-lifting strongmen compete in Bavaria Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:12) Pastry chef paints cookies in Trump's likeness Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (2:04) Hopes rise for safe birth by Japan's probably... Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (0:52) New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Ready, steady, mow! The lawnmower racing... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (1:13) Koons unveils a giant inflated ballerina... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (2:15) Man captures 16-foot python in Florida Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:31) History you can taste... the chocolate museum Thu, 11 May, 2017 - (1:40) In a Danish brewery, urine is the secret... Sat, 06 May, 2017 - (0:59) Entertainment » Bill Cosby’s sex assault trial set to begin on... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:13) Griffin says Trumps trying to ruin her Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:30) Live from Havana's John Lennon park, Cubans... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:06) The Beatles' 'Sgt Pepper' turns 50 Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Lebanon refuses to marvel at Wonder Woman Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:21) Jennifer Garner disowns post-Affleck dating... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:01) Julianne Moore helps promote National Gun... Fri, 02 Jun, 2017 - (1:13) Tickets for Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:11) Dutch Queen Maxima talks with Vietnamese... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:48) Sri Lanka residents return 20 beached whales... Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (0:30) U.S. spelling bee features youngest competitor Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:48) Lebanese ministry bans Wonder Woman film Thu, 01 Jun, 2017 - (1:53) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) How to build a state trooper One Love Manchester concert being carried live around the world Terror attack on London Bridge leaves 6 dead; police shoot 3 News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Prime minister vows to fight back 'Run, Hide, Tell' likely saved lives Trump may not block Comey testimony Trump's tweets take combative tone Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Depth foils LeBron's triple-double Wildcats stun Tar Heels Benintendi backs Sale 7th inning stretches another Mets loss Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Next for Trump: infrastructure Coming up with a down payment the biggest hurdle On The Move Farmers, lawmakers call for respect of workers amid Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Best of the Capital Region 2017: Italian restaurant New York City mourns a first responder to 9/11 Naughty by Nature, Outlaws join Alive at Five lineup People in the news: Boy? Girl? Don't tell Serena Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Ciudad Juarez museum tells Mexican Revolution story Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives The Battle of Midway – And An Unexpected Saratoga Conservatism, properly understood, part 2 Schodack Food Truck Festival June 4 We have baby birds. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Freihofer's runner helps us see disabilities in a new light Editorial: Let's get specific, Albany Region's job market ready to embrace college grads The Buzz Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Learning lessons from a garage sale fail High & Low House of the Week: Rowhouse on Washington Park, Albany June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/news/article/Alert-Rensselaer-County-DA-ends-practice-of-not-11176288.php Rensselaer County DA ends practice of not prosecuting some Walmart shoplifters By Kenneth C. Crowe II Updated 2:44 pm, Friday, May 26, 2017 Begin Slideshow 44 Photo: Will Waldron Image 1of/44 Caption Close Image 1 of 44 Buy photo View of the East Greenbush Wal-Mart on Wednesday, May 24, 2017, in East Grenbush, N.Y. (Will Waldron/Times Union) View of the East Greenbush Wal-Mart on Wednesday, May 24, 2017, in East Grenbush, N.Y. (Will Waldron/Times Union) Photo: Will Waldron Buy this photo Image 2 of 44 Image 3 of 44 It seems Red Bull is a popular item to steal, with $1,050 worth of the energy drinks stolen from the Brunswick Walmart since 2014. See some other items that were stolen from area stores in the past two years. It seems Red Bull is a popular item to steal, with $1,050 worth of the energy drinks stolen from the Brunswick Walmart since 2014. See some other items that were stolen from area stores in the past two years. Image 4 of 44 $750 worth of Pokemon cards were stolen by a 20-year-old man from the Halfmoon Walmart in January 2015. $750 worth of Pokemon cards were stolen by a 20-year-old man from the Halfmoon Walmart in January 2015. Photo: Mike Lawrie, Getty Images Image 5 of 44 Computer routers, software and other computer hardware with a total value of over $1000 was stolen from the Walmart in Wilton by a 25-year-old man in February 2015. Computer routers, software and other computer hardware with a total value of over $1000 was stolen from the Walmart in Wilton by a 25-year-old man in February 2015. Photo: Westend61, Getty Images/Brand X Image 6 of 44 Buy photo A 29-year-old man stole $875 worth of energy drinks, women's hygiene products, batteries and soaps from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in July 2015. A 29-year-old man stole $875 worth of energy drinks, women's hygiene products, batteries and soaps from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in July 2015. Photo: Michael P. Farrell Buy this photo Image 7 of 44 $600 in clothing was stolen by a 28-year-old woman from the Kohl's in Halfmoon in January 2015.  $600 in clothing was stolen by a 28-year-old woman from the Kohl's in Halfmoon in January 2015.  Photo: Victor J. Blue Image 8 of 44 A computer valued at $500 was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in January 2015. A computer valued at $500 was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in January 2015. Photo: Shutterstock Image 9 of 44 Two women were arrested in December 2014 for failing to scan over $300 worth of clothing and christmas decorations at the Walmart in Brunswick. Two women were arrested in December 2014 for failing to scan over $300 worth of clothing and christmas decorations at the Walmart in Brunswick. Photo: Unknown, Warner Brothers Image 10 of 44 3 Dewalt drills were stolen from the Home Depot in Halfmoon in September 2014. In February 2015, a Dewalt tool kit valued at $399 was stolen from the Lowes in Halfmoon. 3 Dewalt drills were stolen from the Home Depot in Halfmoon in September 2014. In February 2015, a Dewalt tool kit valued at $399 was stolen from the Lowes in Halfmoon. Photo: HANDOUT Image 11 of 44 The same person who stole the Dewalt tool kit also stole a chainsaw from Lowe's valued at $299. The same person who stole the Dewalt tool kit also stole a chainsaw from Lowe's valued at $299. Photo: Mike Groll, AP Image 12 of 44 $287 worth of deodorant and razors were stolen by a 40-year-old man from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in August 2014. $287 worth of deodorant and razors were stolen by a 40-year-old man from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in August 2014. Photo: Tim Robberts, Getty Images Image 13 of 44 A shopping cart full of groceries valued at $285 was stolen from the Brunswick Price Chopper in September 2014. A shopping cart full of groceries valued at $285 was stolen from the Brunswick Price Chopper in September 2014. Image 14 of 44 $200 in nursing scrubs was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in April 2015. $200 in nursing scrubs was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in April 2015. Photo: NBC Image 15 of 44 Over $200 in of infant clothing was stolen by two women from the Brunswick Walmart in February 2015. Over $200 in of infant clothing was stolen by two women from the Brunswick Walmart in February 2015. Photo: (c) Tom Grill Image 16 of 44 $200 worth of Red Bull, baby formula and diapers was stolen by a 44-year-old man from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in January 2015. $200 worth of Red Bull, baby formula and diapers was stolen by a 44-year-old man from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in January 2015. Photo: Mark Duncan Image 17 of 44 Two 16-year-olds stole $250 in headphones and electronic merchandise from Walmart in Brunswick in December 2014. Two 16-year-olds stole $250 in headphones and electronic merchandise from Walmart in Brunswick in December 2014. Photo: Pexels Image 18 of 44 A vacuum cleaner valued at over $190 was stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in October 2015. A vacuum cleaner valued at over $190 was stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in October 2015. Photo: Stuartbur, Getty Images Image 19 of 44 $185 in camping gear was stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in September 2014. $185 in camping gear was stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in September 2014. Photo: Mary Esch Image 20 of 44 A 17-year-old stole $144 in XBOX games in May 2015 from the Halfmoon Walmart. A 17-year-old stole $144 in XBOX games in May 2015 from the Halfmoon Walmart. Photo: Nam Y. Huh, Associated Press Image 21 of 44 A woman stole $140 in bath items from the Walmart in Brunswick in November 2014. A woman stole $140 in bath items from the Walmart in Brunswick in November 2014. Photo: George Marks, Retrofile/Getty Images Image 22 of 44 Over $130 worth of denim jeans and polo shirts were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in August 2014. Over $130 worth of denim jeans and polo shirts were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in August 2014. Photo: AMI Editors Image 23 of 44 $90 worth of diabetes test strips were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in January 2016. $90 worth of diabetes test strips were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in January 2016. Photo: EDDIE LAWRENCE, Getty Images Image 24 of 44 $84 worth of cell phone accessories was stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in February 2015. $84 worth of cell phone accessories was stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in February 2015. Photo: Julie Jacobson, Associated Press Image 25 of 44 $80 worth of My Little Pony merchandise was stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in March 2015. $80 worth of My Little Pony merchandise was stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in March 2015. Photo: The Strong Image 26 of 44 Buy photo $65 in apples were stolen by a 20-year-old woman from Bowman Orchards in Halfmoon. $65 in apples were stolen by a 20-year-old woman from Bowman Orchards in Halfmoon. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 27 of 44 $52.48 in baby pacifiers were stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in May 2015. $52.48 in baby pacifiers were stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in May 2015. Photo: ia_64 - Fotolia Image 28 of 44 $5.98 worth of Extenze Liquid Male Enhancement Formula was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in June 2015. The thief drank the liquid, put the empty bottle on the shelf and then left the store. $5.98 worth of Extenze Liquid Male Enhancement Formula was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in June 2015. The thief drank the liquid, put the empty bottle on the shelf and then left the store. Photo: Walgreens.com Image 29 of 44 An iPad Air was stolen from the GameStop in Halfmoon in  February 2015. Four iPad Airs were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in January 2016. An iPad Air was stolen from the GameStop in Halfmoon in  February 2015. Four iPad Airs were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in January 2016. Photo: JIM WILSON Image 30 of 44 One Brunswick Walmart customer stole seven iHome speakers in June 2015. One Brunswick Walmart customer stole seven iHome speakers in June 2015. Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 31 of 44 That same customer also stole two pairs of Ultra Firm Control Waist Nippers. That same customer also stole two pairs of Ultra Firm Control Waist Nippers. Image 32 of 44 A man stole five 12 packs of Heineken, a thermometer, two cucumbers and one bottle of Pepsi from the Price Chopper in Malta in 2014. A man stole five 12 packs of Heineken, a thermometer, two cucumbers and one bottle of Pepsi from the Price Chopper in Malta in 2014. Photo: David Rogers, Getty Images Image 33 of 44 A 29-year-old man stole a curling iron, fishing gear, and hygiene products from the Walmart in Brunswick in 2015. A 29-year-old man stole a curling iron, fishing gear, and hygiene products from the Walmart in Brunswick in 2015. Photo: Courtesy Of Gold 'N Hot Image 34 of 44 Also at the Brunswick Walmart, a woman stole T-shirts, boxer briefs, socks, work gloves, diapers and a dog leash, valued at $120 total in June 2015. Also at the Brunswick Walmart, a woman stole T-shirts, boxer briefs, socks, work gloves, diapers and a dog leash, valued at $120 total in June 2015. Photo: Amorphis - Fotolia Image 35 of 44 Two 12 packs of Milwaukee's Best beer were stolen from Stewart's in Clifton Park in January 2016. Two 12 packs of Milwaukee's Best beer were stolen from Stewart's in Clifton Park in January 2016. Image 36 of 44 A 16 year old stole a BB Gun from the Walmart in Brunswick in September 2015. A 16 year old stole a BB Gun from the Walmart in Brunswick in September 2015. Photo: Turner Program Services C1995 Image 37 of 44 Two cases of Pedigree Dog Food were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in November 2014. Two cases of Pedigree Dog Food were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in November 2014. Image 38 of 44 Two teens stole clothing, socks, leggings and Halloween costume from the Wilton Walmart in 2014. Two teens stole clothing, socks, leggings and Halloween costume from the Wilton Walmart in 2014. Image 39 of 44 In May 2015, a couple stole a container of chicken fingers and sweet potato fries from the Walmart in Brunswick. They were apprehended nearby while eating the food. In May 2015, a couple stole a container of chicken fingers and sweet potato fries from the Walmart in Brunswick. They were apprehended nearby while eating the food. Photo: Jen Fedrizzi, Special To The Chronicle Image 40 of 44 A PlayStation was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in August 2014. A PlayStation was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in August 2014. Image 41 of 44 Several cans of Twisted Tea were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in October 2014. Several cans of Twisted Tea were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in October 2014. Photo: Walmart.com Image 42 of 44 A Keurig coffee maker and a seven piece bedding set were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in February 2015. A Keurig coffee maker and a seven piece bedding set were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in February 2015. Photo: Toby Talbot, STF Image 43 of 44 A shirt and carton of cigarettes worth approximately $36 was stolen from the Walmart in Saratoga Springs in April 2015. A shirt and carton of cigarettes worth approximately $36 was stolen from the Walmart in Saratoga Springs in April 2015. Photo: Gabrielle Lurie Gabrielle Lurie, Special To The Chronicle Image 44 of 44 Rensselaer County DA ends practice of not prosecuting some Walmart shoplifters 1 / 44 Back to Gallery TROY - Rensselaer County District Attorney Joel Abelove says he's reversed course on a policy that encouraged Walmart not to call cops to make arrests in the theft of  merchandise valued at $100 or less from the retail giant's stores in Brunswick and East Greenbush. "Following consultation with law enforcement, including the Sheriff, I have rescinded the agreement regarding thefts at Walmart stores in Brunswick and East Greenbush," Abelove wrote in a memo sent by his office. "Police will continue to be able to make arrests for thefts at both Walmart stores, just as they do when any business files a complaint." Abelove's decision comes just hours after the Times Union reported on a memo from Abelove that showed he'd reached an agreement with Walmart under which the stores in the county would not call law enforcement if employees caught shoplifters with $100 or less in stolen merchandise. Abelove justified the move as a way to ease court overcrowding, but police - including Abelove's fellow Republican Sheriff Patrick Russo - panned the practice that set parameters for when Walmart would  summon troopers, deputies or police officers as running counter to their law enforcement training, they say. Related Stories Weird and everyday items stolen from Walmart and other local stores Opioid abuse fuels Capital Region thefts "We shouldn't be sending the message that stealing is acceptable," said Sheriff Patrick Russo, whose deputies respond to the Walmart Supercenter at 760 Hoosick Road, Brunswick. In his announcement Friday, Abelove said he understood the backlash. "My intention in the initial agreement was to work to reduce costly overcrowding in both courts and the jails, especially for first-time, non-violent offenders," he wrote. "I understand the very reasonable concerns voiced by law enforcement, which has prompted this change. In the coming months, my office will work cooperatively with police, and with Walmart and other interested parties, to work to reduce court overcrowding." On Thursday, State Police said they were unaware of any similar arrangements in the Capital Region. "If we get a call, we're going to respond," Trooper Mark Cepiel, a spokesman for Troop G, said Thursday. In the past, troopers were frequently called to handle shoplifting cases at the Walmart in Brunswick. East Greenbush Chief Chris Lavin declined comment when asked about the policy affecting calls to the Walmart Supercenter on 279 Troy Road, which is in his department's coverage area. Abelove said he contacted Walmart about reaching a memorandum of understanding to make better use of limited resources in prosecuting cases in the Brunswick and East Greenbush town courts. The district attorney said the volume of shoplifting cases was crowding those court calendars. News Videos Most Popular 1 Fired police officer accuses small department of corruption 2 Suspect detained in Sunday afternoon Cohoes shooting 3 How to build a state trooper 4 Photos: 10 restaurants to visit in Albany 5 The Latest: Trump assails London mayor for reassuring public 6 Serious ATV crash in Washington County 7 Rivers Casino unveils new hotel name, logo View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Aubrey Bruce Bill Neal Business Health Opinion Ulish Carter Louis ‘Hop’ Kendrick J. Pharoah Doss Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Aubrey Bruce Bill Neal Business Health Opinion Ulish Carter Louis ‘Hop’ Kendrick J. Pharoah Doss Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Wal-Mart To Ban Racist Woman From Store Photo by News Home > News Wal-Mart To Ban Racist Woman From Store A video at Wal-Mart shows a White woman rant at a Latina and call a bystander the N-word. Roz Edward, Michigan Chronicle Managing Editor Leave a comment 103 reads A Wal-Mart spokesman said Wednesday that the retailer plans to ban a woman, caught on video unleashing a racist tirade, from shopping at its Centerton, Arkansas store, KNWA-TV reports. Charles Crowson, a Wal-Mart communications manager, did not give details of how the company would locate the woman or details of its ban, the news outlet said. A video of the encounter on Monday appears to show a White woman telling a Latina to go back to Mexico. When a bystander, apparently African-American, intervenes, the White woman responds: “A ni**er is calling me ignorant?” The video was viewed more than 23 million times on Facebook by Friday morning. WATCH: A woman's racist rant inside an #Arkansas #Walmart has gone viral — with more than 8 million views https://t.co/P3iI7tXNiX #ARNews pic.twitter.com/vBDwGhRYL3 — Austin Kellerman (@AustinKellerman) May 24, 2017 A Wal-Mart store manager overheard the dispute and chastised the White woman, saying her comments were inappropriate. SOURCE:  KNWA-TV SEE ALSO: Florida State Senator Resigns After Racist Rant Couple Leaves Racist Note For Virginia Waitress: Great Service, Don’t Tip Black People 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 50 photos Launch gallery 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 1. Barack gives daughter Malia a kiss Source:Getty 1 of 50 2. Michelle and Barack tell the kids a story Source:Getty 2 of 50 3. Michelle and Barack Kiss Source:Getty 3 of 50 4. Michelle and Barack Source:Getty 4 of 50 5. First Family Portrait Source:Getty 5 of 50 6. Two Terms Source:Getty 6 of 50 7. Michelle and Barack host a State Dinner Source:Getty 7 of 50 8. Barack Obama and Michelle Obama Source:Getty 8 of 50 9. Fun In The Sun Source:Instagram 9 of 50 10. The Obamas on Air Force One Source:Getty 10 of 50 11. The First Family in London Source:Getty 11 of 50 12. First Lady Michelle Obama with daughters Malia Obama and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 12 of 50 13. Barack & Sasha Source:Instagram 13 of 50 14. Sasha and Malia Obama at the 2016 State Dinner Source:Getty 14 of 50 15. Turkey Pardoning Source:Getty 15 of 50 16. Sunday Church Source:Getty 16 of 50 17. Gobble, Gobble Source:Getty 17 of 50 18. Obama & Sasha Source:Instagram 18 of 50 19. Malia Obama, the First Daughter Source:Getty 19 of 50 20. Barack Obama and his daughter Malia Obama Source:Getty 20 of 50 21. Team Obama Source:Instagram 21 of 50 22. A Family Affair Source:Getty 22 of 50 23. Flashback To The Old Days Source:Pete Souza 23 of 50 24. Happy Birthday! Source:Getty 24 of 50 25. Candidly Awesome Source:Pete Souza 25 of 50 26. The Obamas Family Portrait Source:Instagram 26 of 50 27. Historic First Family Source:Getty 27 of 50 28. Ice Cream Treat Source:Getty 28 of 50 29. TV Time Source:Pete Souza 29 of 50 30. Playing In The Oval Office Source:Instagram 30 of 50 31. Always Giving Back Source:Getty 31 of 50 32. A Christmas Story Source:Getty 32 of 50 33. Hawaii Trip! Source:Getty 33 of 50 34. Obama Loves Team USA & His Wife Source:Getty 34 of 50 35. Malia and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 35 of 50 36. Michelle Plays on a Bike Source:Getty 36 of 50 37. Obama Loves Team USA, His Wife & Malia Source:Getty 37 of 50 38. Reading Time Source:Pete Souza 38 of 50 39. Family Support Source:Getty 39 of 50 40. The Sister Selfie Source:Pete Souza 40 of 50 41. Supporting Mom Source:Pete Souza 41 of 50 42. Giving Back On MLK Day Source:Getty 42 of 50 43. Obamas Give Back To The Community Source:Getty 43 of 50 44. Always Supporting Small Businesses Source:Getty 44 of 50 45. Obama Swagger Source:Getty 45 of 50 46. Laughs & Turkeys Source:Getty 46 of 50 47. Growing Up In The White House Source:Instagram 47 of 50 48. Christmas With The Obamas Source:Getty 48 of 50 49. 50th Anniversary Of March On Selma Source:Pete Souza 49 of 50 50. Christmas Tree Lighting Source:Getty 50 of 50 Skip ad Continue reading 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular New Pittsburgh Courier photographer “Ricco” Martello runs into burning Midtown Towers building to save lives The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. Students show how Willie Lynch Syndrome still prevalent Connie Hawkins league vet scores big in Dubai (Bill Neal’s Column May 3) Dixon says McKees Rocks mayor calls public housing residents ‘dirty and nasty’ 8 candidates in Wilkinsburg school board election race Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Walmart hires nearly 5,000 veterans in Tennessee - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com Official Rules: Memphis Air Show Tickets About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Walmart hires nearly 5,000 veterans in Tennessee 2017-05-26T16:39:09Z2017-05-26T21:27:16Z By WMCActionNews5.com Staff Email Connect desk@wmctv.com (Source: Walmart) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Walmart hired 4,780 U.S. veterans in Tennessee since creating a veteran hiring plan in 2013. Walmart's Veterans Welcome Home Commitment guarantees a job offer to any eligible, honorably discharged U.S. veteran. The retail giant hopes to hire 250,000 veterans by 2020. So far, the company has hired 170,000 veterans, and more than 22,000 of them have already been promoted. “At Walmart, we have seen firsthand that veterans and active service members bring tremendous skills, like leadership, attention to detail and conscientiousness, to their civilian jobs,” said retired Brigadier General Gary Profit, senior director of military programs for Walmart. “We are proud to salute these individuals during all stages of service–from making a decision to enlist in the armed forces to when they return home.” To commemorate Memorial Day, Walmart announced a $100,000 grant to the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, which is a national organization offering help, hope, and healing to those grieving the death of a loved one in the armed forces. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> MLGW crews work to restore power to remaining 2,900 customers MLGW crews work to restore power to remaining 2,900 customers Updated: Monday, June 5 2017 12:02 AM EDT2017-06-05 04:02:32 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) MLGW crews, along with out of state crews, are working around the clock to get the lights back on for the thousands of people who lost power more than one week ago.  More >> MLGW crews, along with out of state crews, are working around the clock to get the lights back on for the thousands of people who lost power more than one week ago. More >> St. Jude celebrates 2017 high school graduates, patients St. Jude celebrates 2017 high school graduates, patients Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 11:20 PM EDT2017-06-05 03:20:20 GMT (Source: St. Jude) Fourteen high school seniors were honored as the St. Jude School Program celebrated its annual high school commencement with an on-campus ceremony.    More >> Fourteen high school seniors were honored as the St. Jude School Program celebrated its annual high school commencement with an on-campus ceremony.   More >> 1 found dead following drive-by shooting overnight 1 found dead following drive-by shooting overnight Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 11:19 PM EDT2017-06-05 03:19:14 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Memphis Police Department responded to a drive-by shooting that happened in the 4000 block of Westmont Road on Sunday morning. More >> Memphis Police Department responded to a drive-by shooting that happened in the 4000 block of Westmont Road on Sunday morning.More >> Collierville High graduate dies after being hit by car in Little Rock Collierville High graduate dies after being hit by car in Little Rock Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 11:16 PM EDT2017-06-05 03:16:22 GMT Christopher Dufour (Source: Sigma Chi Fraternity-Iota Iota Chapter - University of Alabama) A 20-year-old college student from Collierville, TN was hit by a car and killed in North Little Rock on Friday night. More >> A 20-year-old college student from Collierville, TN was hit by a car and killed in North Little Rock on Friday night.More >> Suspect surrenders after Frayser standoff; initially wanted for ramming MPD cars Suspect surrenders after Frayser standoff; initially wanted for ramming MPD cars Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:59 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:59:47 GMT The man who barricaded himself inside a Frayser apartment complex for a few hours Sunday afternoon is now in police custody. More >> The man who barricaded himself inside a Frayser apartment complex for a few hours Sunday afternoon is now in police custody. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 95-year-old man makes 100-mile weekly trip to take his girlfriend dancing 95-year-old man makes 100-mile weekly trip to take his girlfriend dancing Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 11:33 AM EDT2017-06-04 15:33:24 GMT Frank first met 93-year-old Kate Mabry when the two were youngsters. Both lost their spouses many years ago. More >> Frank first met 93-year-old Kate Mabry when the two were youngsters. Both lost their spouses many years ago.More >> SLIDESHOW: Meet the contestants of Miss Alabama 2017 SLIDESHOW: Meet the contestants of Miss Alabama 2017 Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 4:31 PM EDT2017-06-04 20:31:22 GMT (Source: missalabama.com) The Miss Alabama Pageant 2017 will be held at the Wright Center at Samford University June 7-10.More >> The Miss Alabama Pageant 2017 will be held at the Wright Center at Samford University June 7-10.More >> 2 arrested, 1 dead following Saturday high-speed chase, crash in Phenix City 2 arrested, 1 dead following Saturday high-speed chase, crash in Phenix City Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 7:37 PM EDT2017-06-04 23:37:47 GMT (Source: Chandler Morgan/WTVM) Two people have been arrested, one person is dead, and another person is in the hospital following a police chase in Phenix City Saturday evening. More >> Two people have been arrested, one person is dead, and another person is in the hospital following a police chase in Phenix City Saturday evening.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Friday's Nintendo Switch Online Orders At Walmart Get Put On Backorder Posted: May 26 2017, 9:47am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   The Nintendo Switch online sale at walmart.com on Friday at 5pm ET is a farce. The Walmart online shop has restocked the Nintendo Switch on Fridays for eight weeks in a row. The Walmart's Nintendo Switch flash sale started usually at 5pm ET. There is no reason to believe that Walmart will not again sell the Switch today, but there is a big problem with this sale. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock We managed to place an order for a Nintendo Switch bundle at walmart.com last Friday. All looked good. The order got processed and not immediately cancelled like a week earlier. Our inventory tracking app The Tracker has sent out the in stock alert right when the buy buttons lit up at 5:01pm ET.  The Mario Kart 8 Deluxe game from my ordered bundle shipped on Wednesday. I thought now nothing can go wrong, but it did. On Thursday I received an email from Walmart saying that the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con console is on backorder. We heard from another shopper that the same thing happened to him. If Walmart is not able to fulfill the order by June 4, they will cancel the order automatically. Walmart appears to have no control over their inventory when it comes to the Nintendo Switch. Reports about cancelled and back ordered Switch console surfaced in past weeks as well.   The Walmart Switch sale is extremely popular. To successfully purchase a Nintendo Switch console or the bundle, shoppers only have a few minutes. To find out almost a week later that the ordered Switch is not shipping is ridiculous.  Walmart is very likely again selling the Switch today at 5pm ET despite not being able to fulfill orders from a week ago. It is not clear why the retailer is doing this. I have now ordered the $398.99 Nintendo Switch bundle at GameStop.com. We are planning to give away this Switch console and don't want to wait any longer. The GameStop Switch bundle with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and wheels ships within 24 hours. This bundle even includes the more popular Neon Joy-Cons.  Walmart lists the Nintendo Switch as part of a bundle with a game and accessory starting at $378.76. With the Walmart app the $299 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy Con and $299 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con can be purchased.  The Tracker app, available for iOS and Android will send out a notification when the Walmart Switch sale begins.  From the list products you select the ones (e.g.: Nintendo Switch and the Switch Walmart bundle) you like to be notified when it is in stock at an online retailer. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect a product in stock, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from purchasing the product you want. For extreme hard to find products, timing is everything. There is nothing faster than a smartphone notification. We continue to work tirelessly to make the Tracker by I4U News the fastest online inventory tracker. The list of available products to find in stock online includes the Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Switch accessories, amiibo, Hatchimals CollEGGtibles and more.  The Tracker app supports the following stores: Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy, Target, GameStop, ToysRUs, Sam's Club, NewEgg and more. The Tracker by I4U News app is now available as free download. You can find the app in the Apple iTunes Store for iOS devices and in the Google Play Store for Android. The current inventory tracking data is also available online on the Tracker site. This summer will bring new big Switch games without a break. Arms will be released on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%. More Nintendo Switch games are expected to be announced at the E3 2017 next month. Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The only number the company made official is the production volume over the next 12 months. The Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and Nintendo sold over 2.74 million units as of the end of April. 10 million Switch consoles are planned to enter retail channels until end of April 2018. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. Updated: 2017-05-29 03:05:21am Offers Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Mario Kart Race and Charge Bundle Store: Gamestop Price: $0 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 2 days ago, 5:40am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 9 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 11 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 11 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 14 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 20 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 4 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 9 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 11 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 11 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Walmart Memorial Day 2017 Sale To Deliver Best Deals Posted: May 26 2017, 10:07am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   The Walmart Memorial Day 2017 deals will be among the best this weekend. The Memorial Day 2017 weekend means plenty of sales events featuring deals on a wide range of products. The Walmart Memorial Day sale has begun in select departments online at walmart.com. The full Walmart Memorial Day 2017 sale is expected to launch on Sunday.  Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in Stock Online The Walmart Memorial Day sale features for now deals in health and beauty. A patio sale is available as well. We expect Walmart to feature deals on TVs, smartphones and other electronics once the full sale begins on Memorial Day weekend. We will update this report with the best deals as soon as they are available. Walmart has dramatically increased the number of products offered online at walmart.com. The online sales have increased a whopping 63% last quarter, the retailer reported earlier this months. Sales events such as the Memorial Day sale help keep the momentum going. We expect an enticing line-up of deals on everything people need for summer. The deals will include Outdoor TV antennas, small TVs, portable speakers, pools, BBQs and outdoor sports equipment. The Walmart Memorial Day 2017 deals will be featured on this page. Walmart's fiercest competitor Amazon is not that focused on the Memorial Day. The retailer and its marketplace partners are busy preparing for Amazon Prime Day 2017 taking place in July. Other stores offering interesting Memorial Day sales online are Best Buy and Sam's Club. Find more Memorial Day 2017 deals in our Memorial Day 2017 coverage. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 2 days ago, 5:40am CDT Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak august release finalized for iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPad Air and iPad Mini 10 hours ago, 11:53am CDT Popular and useful iOS 10 jailbreak tweaks for you 10 hours ago, 11:51am CDT Rare Corpse Flowers Bloomed in Chicago 13 hours ago, 8:34am CDT Curiosity Rover Finds Ancient Mars Lake was Able to Support Diverse Microbial Life 19 hours ago, 3:10am CDT UNESCO Seriously Concerned over the World’s Largest Coral Reef System Die-off 1 day ago, 1:53pm CDT New Unique Material can lead to Unbreakable Smartphones 1 day ago, 5:39am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 1 day ago, 4:09am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 2 days ago, 8:02pm CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 2 days ago, 10:47am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 2 days ago, 8:22am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Top Science Stories of the Week 3 hours ago, 6:29pm CDT Ancient Sloth Fossil Unearthed at Subway Excavation Site in Los Angeles 8 hours ago, 2:05pm CDT Apple is developing an AI chipset named Apple Neural Engine 10 hours ago, 12:00pm CDT WWDC application now showing more information about the event 10 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Ratings Game Get email alerts Costco’s got the goods to take on Wal-Mart and Amazon, analysts say By Tonya Garcia Published: May 27, 2017 10:02 a.m. ET Share Costco outpacing Wal-Mart in some areas, and there’s a moat between it and Amazon By TonyaGarcia Reporter Bloomberg With the retail sector struggling of late, Costco’s same-store sales increase of 5% in its third quarter was a highlight. Costco Wholesale Corp.’s third-quarter results demonstrated to Stifel that the warehouse retailer has what it takes to beat back competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., analysts wrote in a Friday note. Costco COST, +0.19% reported earnings of $1.59 per share, up from $1.24 last year. Adjusted earnings of $1.40 a share beat consensus the consensus estimate of $1.31, according to FactSet. Sales of $28.86 billion were up from $26.77 billion a year ago but ahead of the $28.59 billion FactSet consensus estimate. Same-store sales were up 5% for the quarter, also beating the FactSet consensus, which called for a 4.1% increase. Shares closed up 1.8% on Friday. The numbers show that Costco’s core business is solid, Stifel wrote, with a business model that’s flexible enough to provide an advantage against other retailers. “We also think the results indicate Costco can coexist with large hardline competitors like Walmart WMT, -0.24% and have limited cannibalization from Amazon AMZN, +1.08%  ,” the Stifel note read. That’s consistent, according to Stifel, with its proprietary consumer-spending survey, which it said showed the overlap between Costco and Amazon Prime membership, while large, is “less cannibalistic than for other retailers.” Stifel rates Costco shares buy with a $191 price target, lifted from $185. See: Where do you get better deals, Costco or Amazon? Also: Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Not only did Costco post better-than-expected third-quarter earnings, but Susquehanna Financial Group said it believes the company has positive catalysts on the horizon, such as a membership-fee increase, earnings accretion from its Visa V, +0.79% card, and anticipated food-price inflation. “With over half of sales in food (which continues to be Amazon-resistant), and the most compelling value proposition in retail, Costco has a strong defensible positioning and remains one of the only retail growth stories in our universe with about 4% square footage growth through both domestic and international store development,” Susquehanna analysts wrote in a Friday note. In various sales metrics, Costco’s results bested both Wal-Mart and Target Corp. TGT, -0.25%  , which is viewed as significant by Susquehanna’s analysts. Even Wal-Mart was “not able to post positive ticket in the quarter,” according to the analysts. The big-box behemoth posted traffic growth of 1.5% and a 0.1% decline in the value of the average transaction, according to Susquehanna, which added that Target had seen comparable-store sales decline 1.3%, alongside decreases of 0.8% in traffic and 0.6% in “average ticket.” Susquehanna rates Costco shares positive with a price target of $205, up from $195. Don’t miss: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer Also: This is how Best Buy gets so many of its customers to come into its stores In the Cowen & Co. view, there’s one area where Costco can improve: e-commerce. Oliver Chen said it will be necessary for the long-term health of the business. “While we do believe Costco remains strong merchants and consistently delivers a great in-store experience and treasure-hunt atmosphere, we believe the retailer should intensify focus on e-commerce to fortify its business for long-term success and sustain industry-leading traffic and comps growth,” the latest note said. Read: Germany’s Lidl to open its first U.S. stores in June, create 5,000 jobs Costco reported 11% e-commerce sales growth, while Wal-Mart reported 63% online sales growth, and Target’s online sales growth was 22%. Cowen & Co. rates Costco shares outperform with a $190 price target. Costco shares are up 18.8% over the past year, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.37% is up 15.6% for the period. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References COST +0.34 +0.19% WMT -0.19 -0.24% AMZN +10.78 +1.08% V +0.75 +0.79% TGT -0.14 -0.25% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Show all references Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $180.97 +0.34 (+0.19%) Volume 2.2M Open $180.58 High $181.25 Low $179.87 P/E Ratio 31.36 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 79.4B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) Volume 7.8M Open $79.80 High $79.93 Low $79.22 P/E Ratio 18.05 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 241.4B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,006.73 +10.78 (+1.08%) Volume 3.7M Open $998.99 High $1,008 Low $995.67 P/E Ratio 189.44 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 481.2B VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $96.15 +0.75 (+0.79%) Volume 8.5M Open $95.41 High $96.19 Low $95.41 P/E Ratio 49.41 Div Yield 0.69 Market Cap 221.8B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $55.52 -0.14 (-0.25%) Volume 4.4M Open $55.56 High $55.79 Low $55.22 P/E Ratio 11.33 Div Yield 4.32 Market Cap 30.6B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Ratings Game Get email alerts Costco’s got the goods to take on Wal-Mart and Amazon, analysts say By Tonya Garcia Published: May 27, 2017 10:02 a.m. ET Share Costco outpacing Wal-Mart in some areas, and there’s a moat between it and Amazon By TonyaGarcia Reporter Bloomberg With the retail sector struggling of late, Costco’s same-store sales increase of 5% in its third quarter was a highlight. Costco Wholesale Corp.’s third-quarter results demonstrated to Stifel that the warehouse retailer has what it takes to beat back competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., analysts wrote in a Friday note. Costco COST, +0.19% reported earnings of $1.59 per share, up from $1.24 last year. Adjusted earnings of $1.40 a share beat consensus the consensus estimate of $1.31, according to FactSet. Sales of $28.86 billion were up from $26.77 billion a year ago but ahead of the $28.59 billion FactSet consensus estimate. Same-store sales were up 5% for the quarter, also beating the FactSet consensus, which called for a 4.1% increase. Shares closed up 1.8% on Friday. The numbers show that Costco’s core business is solid, Stifel wrote, with a business model that’s flexible enough to provide an advantage against other retailers. “We also think the results indicate Costco can coexist with large hardline competitors like Walmart WMT, -0.24% and have limited cannibalization from Amazon AMZN, +1.08%  ,” the Stifel note read. That’s consistent, according to Stifel, with its proprietary consumer-spending survey, which it said showed the overlap between Costco and Amazon Prime membership, while large, is “less cannibalistic than for other retailers.” Stifel rates Costco shares buy with a $191 price target, lifted from $185. See: Where do you get better deals, Costco or Amazon? Also: Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Not only did Costco post better-than-expected third-quarter earnings, but Susquehanna Financial Group said it believes the company has positive catalysts on the horizon, such as a membership-fee increase, earnings accretion from its Visa V, +0.79% card, and anticipated food-price inflation. “With over half of sales in food (which continues to be Amazon-resistant), and the most compelling value proposition in retail, Costco has a strong defensible positioning and remains one of the only retail growth stories in our universe with about 4% square footage growth through both domestic and international store development,” Susquehanna analysts wrote in a Friday note. In various sales metrics, Costco’s results bested both Wal-Mart and Target Corp. TGT, -0.25%  , which is viewed as significant by Susquehanna’s analysts. Even Wal-Mart was “not able to post positive ticket in the quarter,” according to the analysts. The big-box behemoth posted traffic growth of 1.5% and a 0.1% decline in the value of the average transaction, according to Susquehanna, which added that Target had seen comparable-store sales decline 1.3%, alongside decreases of 0.8% in traffic and 0.6% in “average ticket.” Susquehanna rates Costco shares positive with a price target of $205, up from $195. Don’t miss: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer Also: This is how Best Buy gets so many of its customers to come into its stores In the Cowen & Co. view, there’s one area where Costco can improve: e-commerce. Oliver Chen said it will be necessary for the long-term health of the business. “While we do believe Costco remains strong merchants and consistently delivers a great in-store experience and treasure-hunt atmosphere, we believe the retailer should intensify focus on e-commerce to fortify its business for long-term success and sustain industry-leading traffic and comps growth,” the latest note said. Read: Germany’s Lidl to open its first U.S. stores in June, create 5,000 jobs Costco reported 11% e-commerce sales growth, while Wal-Mart reported 63% online sales growth, and Target’s online sales growth was 22%. Cowen & Co. rates Costco shares outperform with a $190 price target. Costco shares are up 18.8% over the past year, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.37% is up 15.6% for the period. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References COST +0.34 +0.19% WMT -0.19 -0.24% AMZN +10.78 +1.08% V +0.75 +0.79% TGT -0.14 -0.25% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Show all references Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $180.97 +0.34 (+0.19%) Volume 2.2M Open $180.58 High $181.25 Low $179.87 P/E Ratio 31.36 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 79.4B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) Volume 7.8M Open $79.80 High $79.93 Low $79.22 P/E Ratio 18.05 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 241.4B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,006.73 +10.78 (+1.08%) Volume 3.7M Open $998.99 High $1,008 Low $995.67 P/E Ratio 189.44 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 481.2B VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $96.15 +0.75 (+0.79%) Volume 8.5M Open $95.41 High $96.19 Low $95.41 P/E Ratio 49.41 Div Yield 0.69 Market Cap 221.8B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $55.52 -0.14 (-0.25%) Volume 4.4M Open $55.56 High $55.79 Low $55.22 P/E Ratio 11.33 Div Yield 4.32 Market Cap 30.6B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 6/04 Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 6/04 Updated Want to help the environment? Use solar power — without putting panels on your roof Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Ratings Game Get email alerts Costco’s got the goods to take on Wal-Mart and Amazon, analysts say By Tonya Garcia Published: May 27, 2017 10:02 a.m. ET Share Costco outpacing Wal-Mart in some areas, and there’s a moat between it and Amazon By TonyaGarcia Reporter Bloomberg With the retail sector struggling of late, Costco’s same-store sales increase of 5% in its third quarter was a highlight. Costco Wholesale Corp.’s third-quarter results demonstrated to Stifel that the warehouse retailer has what it takes to beat back competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., analysts wrote in a Friday note. Costco COST, +0.19% reported earnings of $1.59 per share, up from $1.24 last year. Adjusted earnings of $1.40 a share beat consensus the consensus estimate of $1.31, according to FactSet. Sales of $28.86 billion were up from $26.77 billion a year ago but ahead of the $28.59 billion FactSet consensus estimate. Same-store sales were up 5% for the quarter, also beating the FactSet consensus, which called for a 4.1% increase. Shares closed up 1.8% on Friday. The numbers show that Costco’s core business is solid, Stifel wrote, with a business model that’s flexible enough to provide an advantage against other retailers. “We also think the results indicate Costco can coexist with large hardline competitors like Walmart WMT, -0.24% and have limited cannibalization from Amazon AMZN, +1.08%  ,” the Stifel note read. That’s consistent, according to Stifel, with its proprietary consumer-spending survey, which it said showed the overlap between Costco and Amazon Prime membership, while large, is “less cannibalistic than for other retailers.” Stifel rates Costco shares buy with a $191 price target, lifted from $185. See: Where do you get better deals, Costco or Amazon? Also: Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Not only did Costco post better-than-expected third-quarter earnings, but Susquehanna Financial Group said it believes the company has positive catalysts on the horizon, such as a membership-fee increase, earnings accretion from its Visa V, +0.79% card, and anticipated food-price inflation. “With over half of sales in food (which continues to be Amazon-resistant), and the most compelling value proposition in retail, Costco has a strong defensible positioning and remains one of the only retail growth stories in our universe with about 4% square footage growth through both domestic and international store development,” Susquehanna analysts wrote in a Friday note. In various sales metrics, Costco’s results bested both Wal-Mart and Target Corp. TGT, -0.25%  , which is viewed as significant by Susquehanna’s analysts. Even Wal-Mart was “not able to post positive ticket in the quarter,” according to the analysts. The big-box behemoth posted traffic growth of 1.5% and a 0.1% decline in the value of the average transaction, according to Susquehanna, which added that Target had seen comparable-store sales decline 1.3%, alongside decreases of 0.8% in traffic and 0.6% in “average ticket.” Susquehanna rates Costco shares positive with a price target of $205, up from $195. Don’t miss: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer Also: This is how Best Buy gets so many of its customers to come into its stores In the Cowen & Co. view, there’s one area where Costco can improve: e-commerce. Oliver Chen said it will be necessary for the long-term health of the business. “While we do believe Costco remains strong merchants and consistently delivers a great in-store experience and treasure-hunt atmosphere, we believe the retailer should intensify focus on e-commerce to fortify its business for long-term success and sustain industry-leading traffic and comps growth,” the latest note said. Read: Germany’s Lidl to open its first U.S. stores in June, create 5,000 jobs Costco reported 11% e-commerce sales growth, while Wal-Mart reported 63% online sales growth, and Target’s online sales growth was 22%. Cowen & Co. rates Costco shares outperform with a $190 price target. Costco shares are up 18.8% over the past year, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.37% is up 15.6% for the period. More from MarketWatch Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References COST +0.34 +0.19% WMT -0.19 -0.24% AMZN +10.78 +1.08% V +0.75 +0.79% TGT -0.14 -0.25% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Show all references Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $180.97 +0.34 (+0.19%) Volume 2.2M Open $180.58 High $181.25 Low $179.87 P/E Ratio 31.36 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 79.4B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) Volume 7.8M Open $79.80 High $79.93 Low $79.22 P/E Ratio 18.05 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 241.4B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,006.73 +10.78 (+1.08%) Volume 3.7M Open $998.99 High $1,008 Low $995.67 P/E Ratio 189.44 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 481.2B VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $96.15 +0.75 (+0.79%) Volume 8.5M Open $95.41 High $96.19 Low $95.41 P/E Ratio 49.41 Div Yield 0.69 Market Cap 221.8B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $55.52 -0.14 (-0.25%) Volume 4.4M Open $55.56 High $55.79 Low $55.22 P/E Ratio 11.33 Div Yield 4.32 Market Cap 30.6B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Memorial Day freebies; deals at Rapids, Zoo Miami; and free Teavana iced tea Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: The Memorial Day weekend edition. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! As we get ready for a three-day holiday weekend, today's roundup salutes our military heroes on Memorial Day. My list of Memorial Day deals features more than 35 freebies and savings for vets, soldiers and civilians with offers at Rapids Water Park, Zoo Miami, Jungle Island and Butterfly World. Also, the school year is coming to a close, so check out my roundups of 50 free and cheap ways to have summer fun, and of free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers. This is a BIG shopping weekend, so I've got a long list of retail coupons good at Memorial Day sales, too. Have a great long weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Freebies and deals for Memorial Day weekend Free iced tea at Teavana stores from 3-7 p.m. Friday Free entry in June at Rapids Water Park with purchase of ticket on Saturday-Monday Free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers Free swim lessons for children in Broward and Palm Beach counties Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free and discounted movies for military families with Blue Star Theater Program Free meals with furniture purchase at IKEA on Saturday-Monday Doreen Christensen On Memorial Day, we honor those who have so honored us with their sacrifice and service to keep America free and strong. Retailers, restaurants and attractions also salute our military heroes, offering discounts to veterans, active duty and retired U.S. military, National Guard and reservists with... On Memorial Day, we honor those who have so honored us with their sacrifice and service to keep America free and strong. Retailers, restaurants and attractions also salute our military heroes, offering discounts to veterans, active duty and retired U.S. military, National Guard and reservists with... (Doreen Christensen) Free custom Disney Family cling decal Free 90-day membership at BJ's Wholesale Club Free appetizer at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse; expires June 17 Free entry for vets, military, and first responders and staff with ID (offer includes half-off for 4 family members) at Miami Seaquarium; through Monday Free National Parks Military Pass with ID Free entry for vets with ID, half-off for 4 family members at Jungle Island on Monday Free book for kids with Barnes & Noble summer reading program Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami, half-off for 6 family members, through June 2 Free rewards cards at Macy's; expires Monday Free $10 gift cards with $20 purchase at Publix; expires July 31 Free 8-by-10 traditional portrait sheet for military families at JC Penney; expires July 11 Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Free gift cards for joining Costco Wholesale; expires Wednesday Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) Free entry for up to 4 at Frost Science Museum, Vizcaya, other museums with Miami-Dade library card Free entry, discounts at 25 museums for Miami Museum Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65+ attractions, restaurants Free entree with purchase at Moe's Southwest Grill; expires Sunday Free waxing at European Wax Center Free $5 gift card instantly with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free Sawgrass Mills coupon books with hundreds in savings Free samples of Starbucks K-Cups Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free samples of Nexcare bandages Free Frozen Custard Concrete with purchase at Sonic Drive-in Free bottle of Nestea Free SiriusXM radio preview, includes new Beatles Channel   Free tarp, tape measure or fly swatter at Harbor Freight Tools; expires Monday Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins  Free kids' meals at IHOP Free extra 3 months of Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free Kind Bar for your friends Free $10 or $20 Nordstrom gift card with rewards/credit card signup; expires July 9 Free sample of TRESemme shampoo Free drinks, side items at Steak 'n Shake; expires June 11 Free movie tickets from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) Free movie screening of "Megan Leavey" for military on Tuesday from AT&T Thanks Free sample of Chanel N°5 L’EAU Free sunglasses with Skittles purchase; expires June 27 Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers  Free spring Walmart Beauty Box with $5 shipping Free movie ticket from General Mills cereal; expires Oct. 31 Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Doreen Christensen Create a free custom cling decal of your family from Disney World. "Build Your Disney Family" by creating a stick-figure family dressed in Disney outfits to appear on the artwork that sticks to a car or window. Pick a different character for each family member, including pets, and dress them in... Create a free custom cling decal of your family from Disney World. "Build Your Disney Family" by creating a stick-figure family dressed in Disney outfits to appear on the artwork that sticks to a car or window. Pick a different character for each family member, including pets, and dress them in... (Doreen Christensen) Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Schwarzkopf hair color product; expires Dec. 31 Free sample of Albolene Eye Makeup Remover Free Salonpas pain relief patches Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free Oxy On-The-Go Acne Stick rebate; expires Oct. 31 Free Red Bull Energy Drink at Walgreens; expires June 14 Free Right-Guard Antiperspirant rebate; expires June 15 Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Wal-Mart Vision Centers Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Doreen Christensen Macy's shoppers can earn free Macy's Money reward cards through Memorial Day, The department store chain has updated the program, which offers $5 in free rewards cards with each $25 purchase. Shoppers can earn up to $200 in free Macy's Money in a single transaction through May 29. Rewards may be... Macy's shoppers can earn free Macy's Money reward cards through Memorial Day, The department store chain has updated the program, which offers $5 in free rewards cards with each $25 purchase. Shoppers can earn up to $200 in free Macy's Money in a single transaction through May 29. Rewards may be... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS $10 off at Kohl's; expires Monday 20 percent off and free rewards at Macy's; expires Monday $10 off at JC Penney; expires Monday $10 off at Stein Mart; expires Monday $10 off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 10 percent off for vets with ID at The Home Depot and Lowe's; expires Monday 40 percent off at Michaels $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Ulta Beauty; expires June 3 20 percent off at Harbor Freight Tools; expires Sunday  20 percent off at Lord & Taylor; expires Monday $20 off at HSN using Visa Checkout 20 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires Saturday  $200 credit at AT&T with smartphone trade toward Galaxy S8 or S8+; expires Wednesday Earn 125 Starbucks stars with purchase of K-Cups and bottled drinks 50 percent off two Uber rides from Chase $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires July 31 $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires Wednesday $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen Christensen Just in time for Memorial Day parties and picnics, get free $10 gift cards at Publix. Stock up for summer and snag up to three free $10 gift cards with each $20 purchase of Conagra Brand foods. There are 490 participating products to choose from, including Hunt's Ketchup, Hebrew National, Peter... Just in time for Memorial Day parties and picnics, get free $10 gift cards at Publix. Stock up for summer and snag up to three free $10 gift cards with each $20 purchase of Conagra Brand foods. There are 490 participating products to choose from, including Hunt's Ketchup, Hebrew National, Peter... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS How to stop annoying robocalls 7 hacks to get free flights and avoid fees on Spirit Airlines Amazon offers free shipping with $25 purchase Target raises free shipping rate by $10 Retail Roundup: Macy's Outlet, Benefit Brow Bars, H&M now open Groupon trade-in offer for Groupon Bucks Trader Joe's tops Publix in Consumer Reports grocery store survey Bust dirt and grime with DIY green cleaning products Wal-Mart offers pickup discounts with online orders How to easily save energy to lower FPL power bills Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers unlimited data plan Earn gift cards galore with Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 with the 52-Week Money Challenge Sip craft brews and wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Doreen Christensen The Blue Star Museum program kicks off on Memorial Day, offering soldiers and their families free visits to museums and gardens. The program, in its eighth year, offers free entry at more than 2,000 U.S. museums, art centers and botanical gardens for active duty, National Guard and Reserve military... The Blue Star Museum program kicks off on Memorial Day, offering soldiers and their families free visits to museums and gardens. The program, in its eighth year, offers free entry at more than 2,000 U.S. museums, art centers and botanical gardens for active duty, National Guard and Reserve military... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Checkers: Free burger with text signup Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Denny's: 20 percent off entire check; expires Monday Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Hooters: Free meals for vets, military with ID on Monday IKEA: Free meals with furniture purchase on Saturday-Monday Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Moe's Southwest Grill: Free entree with purchase; expires Sunday Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for military families; expires July 4 Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase, with email signup Quiznos: Free sub with download of Toasty Points loyalty app Sonic Drive-in: Free Frozen Custard Concrete with purchase; expires Wednesday Steak 'n Shake: Free drinks, side items and coupons; expires June 11 Teavana: Free 24-ounce iced tea from 3-7 p.m. Friday Texas de Brazil: 50 percent off dinner for military on Monday T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers Doreen Christensen Use a coupon to get a free appetizer with purchase at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse. The offer's good on your choice of nearly 20 starters, including Root Beer Glazed Ribs, Avocado Egg Rolls and Ahi Poke, when you make a $9.95 food purchase. There are some exclusions. The chain features 120 menu... Use a coupon to get a free appetizer with purchase at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse. The offer's good on your choice of nearly 20 starters, including Root Beer Glazed Ribs, Avocado Egg Rolls and Ahi Poke, when you make a $9.95 food purchase. There are some exclusions. The chain features 120 menu... (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO 50 free and cheap ways to have summer sun Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free, discounted movies for military families with Blue Star Theater Program Free entry for vets, military, and first responders and staff with ID (offer includes half-off for 4 family members) at Miami Seaquarium; through Monday Free National Parks Military Pass for military and families with ID $10 off admission for veterans and active duty military at Butterfly World on Monday Free entry for vets with ID, half-off for 4 family members at Jungle Island on Monday Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami and half-off for up to 6 family members, through June 2 Free entry for up to 4 at Frost Science Museum with Miami-Dade library card Free entry, discounts at 25 museums for Miami Museum Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65 attractions, restaurants Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Unlimited trips to 4 attractions with Summer Savings Pass Unlimited visits to 5 attractions with South Florida Adventure Pass Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays-Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores School's out and summer fun's in so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s omre than 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Just for teachers: Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare 4 days for $209 plus tax for military and spouses with ID at Disney World Florida resident deal: 3 days for $139 at Disney World Hotel, travel discounts from Convention & Visitor Bureaus in 100 cities Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Spring savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Memorial Day is May 26, 2017. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 81°

Home Weather 100° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 2 weather alerts Close Students survive 48 hours in Walmart without going insane or getting arrested Justin L. Mack, The Indianapolis Star , TEGNA 7:42 PM. MST May 25, 2017 Photo: Christian Perry CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST INDIANAPOLIS - How long did it take Indiana University students Christian Perry and Noah Maxwell to grow tired of the Walmart atmosphere as they embarked on a journey to spend two consecutive days in the ubiquitous big-box store? "About 35 minutes in because I was already getting sick of it," Perry said with a laugh. "I started really listening to the music and realized that it's just non-stop. And then the lighting and everything. ... I was starting to lose my mind. After a little bit you get into this state where you just feel out of it." But still, the two Southport High School graduates and Indianapolis natives soldiered on. And they did so in the name of YouTube comedy. Together, Perry, an IU junior studying liberal studies, and Maxwell, a senior studying media, produce The Christian and Noah Show on YouTube. They upload shows on Mondays and Thursdays, and in their two months of posting clips online, the pair has attracted 333 subscribers. Previous videos include clips like "Two Dumb Millennials Catch a Giant Fish," "Don't Ever Rob a Canadian" and "Visit to Abandoned Warehouse Goes Wrong." So far, their visit to Walmart is their biggest hit to date, bringing in more than 6,100 views in five days. It's also a spiritual sequel of a video Maxwell uploaded in May 2016 when he spent 24 hours in Walmart by himself. That 13-minute clip has generated more than 370,000 views. As far as why they decided to give it a go, Perry said it was a combination of curiosity and frustration with others who take the challenge. "You'll see other challenges and stuff, and some people have done it with the 24 hours, but they don't show proof with like a timer or anything ... we decided on 48 hours and to make it legit," he said. "I would say it was a blast, but it really wasn't." From there, they did what they could to make their time inside Walmart enjoyable. They played every game in the electronics section and arcade. They read books and product labels. They listened to podcasts and attracted dirty looks from security. "We quickly realized if we buy stuff like every three hours, they can't really say anything to us because we're customers. So we spent a lot of money in there," Perry said. "I bought a bunch of gum and Noah kept buying food. ... We ate at the Subway in the store. We even got haircuts at the salon." For rest, they made a fort in the toilet paper section and tried to get some sleep. But Perry said the highlight for him was some alone time in the Walmart bathroom. "At one point I just went in there and sat down on the toilet for like an hour. It was the only place that was quiet and away from the lights," he said. "It was probably the best time I had." At the end of their adventure, the only Walmart staff member they told about their two-day stay was the greeter working when they left. The man at the front door didn't really react to the news as he shook Perry's hand. Instead, the greeter began singing the folk song Man of Constant Sorrow, made popular to younger generations because of the movie O Brother, Where Art Thou. Perry joined him, making the performance a duet. Perry said most people who see the clip still can't wrap their minds around the idea of spending that much time in a Walmart, and he says he doesn't plan on stepping foot inside one of the stores again in a very long time. But in the end, Perry, a former star running back at Southport High, said it was all about bringing a few laughs to whoever sees it. They plan to move to Los Angeles when school is over to continue writing, performing and sharing comedy with the world. "I actually just stopped with football because this is my passion," he said. "Making people laugh is something we both love to do. It just takes people away from their problems." Follow Justin L. Mack on Twitter: @justinlmack © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Pastafarian's ID is legit, but Arizona MVD wants to revoke it Mom: Current pulled teen son down at Lake Mary Police investigate homicide after passerby finds body 5000+-square-foot house on market for $137,900 Arizona's monsoon is just around the corner Diamondbacks hero Luis Gonzalez springs to action after fiery crash Mother of 4 hit by truck, killed while cycling Valley 7th grader's poem sends powerful message Gun shop holds raffle to benefit injured AZ DPS Trooper Ewen is throwing towards NCAA Track and Field history More Stories Ariana Grande leads emotional One Love show for Manchester Jun. 4, 2017, 9:02 a.m. 12 arrested after deadly London terror attack; ISIS… Jun. 4, 2017, 7:19 a.m. Police respond to terror attacks on London Bridge,… Jun. 3, 2017, 3:00 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Water Safety Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert Eclipse About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give ImmunoGen, Inc. (IMGN) a $5.00 Price Target Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Receives $18.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Head-To-Head Survey: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE) & The Coca-Cola (KO) Essilor International SA (ESLOY) Given $70.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Premier Foods Spon (PRRFY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) to Announce $3.45 EPS Radius Health Inc (RDUS) PT Set at $65.00 by Cantor Fitzgerald Gap Inc (GPS) Upgraded by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. to “Buy” NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages S Robson Walton Sells 1,321,340 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Director S Robson Walton sold 1,321,340 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.61, for a total transaction of $103,870,537.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. S Robson Walton also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, May 23rd, S Robson Walton sold 1,254,984 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.69, for a total transaction of $98,754,690.96. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.31 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $75.47 and a 200 day moving average of $71.14. The stock has a market capitalization of $237.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.78 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $65.28 and a 12-month high of $79.44. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.98 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/s-robson-walton-sells-1321340-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock.html. WMT has been the topic of several research reports. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 27th. KeyCorp reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $67.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.15. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 105,233,311 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $7,585,217,000 after buying an additional 3,196,912 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 73,568,236 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $5,303,013,000 after buying an additional 854,010 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $1,503,922,000. Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.0% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 15,369,668 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,106,330,000 after buying an additional 1,137,828 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give ImmunoGen, Inc. (IMGN) a $5.00 Price Target Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Receives $18.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Head-To-Head Survey: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE) & The Coca-Cola (KO) Essilor International SA (ESLOY) Given $70.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Premier Foods Spon (PRRFY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) to Announce $3.45 EPS Radius Health Inc (RDUS) PT Set at $65.00 by Cantor Fitzgerald Gap Inc (GPS) Upgraded by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. to “Buy” NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Verastem Inc (VSTM) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canadian National Railway (CNI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages S Robson Walton Sells 1,254,984 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Director S Robson Walton sold 1,254,984 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.69, for a total value of $98,754,690.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. S Robson Walton also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, May 22nd, S Robson Walton sold 1,321,340 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.61, for a total value of $103,870,537.40. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.31 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $75.47 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.14. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $65.28 and a 52 week high of $79.44. The firm has a market capitalization of $237.67 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.78 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/s-robson-walton-sells-1254984-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on WMT shares. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Vetr downgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Sanford C. Bernstein started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Monday, February 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $75.00 price objective on the stock. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Buckingham Research reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.15. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $104,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 89.2% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,476 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 696 shares during the last quarter. Glassman Wealth Services raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 68.3% in the first quarter. Glassman Wealth Services now owns 1,471 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 597 shares during the last quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers Next: up in Suzette Parmley: goPuff, the 'Wawa on Wheels' start-up, is doubling its delivery zone in Northeast Philly News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Suzette Parmley Why retail is not dead, say experts at Las Vegas gathering Updated: May 26, 2017 — 6:00 AM EDT Facebook icon 35Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories As Cosby's trial begins, the focus turns to the woman whose story could convict him Jun 4 - 5:56 AM Adopted from Korea as a child, deported as an adult — Philly man takes his life Jun 4 - 8:49 PM Shopping Cart icon Buy Photo DAVID BECKER / For the Philadelphia Inquirer Attendees gather at the JLL booth during RECon at the Las Vegas Convention Center Monday, May 22, 2017, in Las Vegas. RECon is the largest retail real estate convention with more than 37,000 attendees representing 58 countries. by Suzette Parmley, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @SuzParmley | Mail icon sparmley@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @SuzParmley     Suzette Parmley Staff Writer Suzette Parmley is the retail reporter. She began her career at the Inquirer after internships at the Los Angeles Times and Boston Globe. She has covered general assignment news on the city desk, Statehouse politics in Trenton, and the casino industry on the Business desk. Her career highlight was spending nearly a month in Asia covering the booming gaming industry there in 2009, where she crossed the South China Sea from Hong Kong to Macau on a ferry. More by Suzette Parmley Las Vegas goes from gambling halls to shopping malls Jun 1 Las Vegas tries a new gamble: vending machine that dispenses clean needles Jun 2 goPuff, the 'Wawa on Wheels' start-up, is doubling its delivery zone in Northeast Philly May 25 More from Suzette Parmley Arrow icon LAS VEGAS —  In the 1990s, the mantra for retail stores was much like the one from the baseball movie Field of Dreams: If you build it, they will come. Slideshow Why retail is not dead, say experts at Las Vegas gathering Advertisment of Gallery: Facebook icon Twitter icon Pinterest Mail icon Consumers, hungry for new product and a convenient place to shop, did just that. And a large footprint symbolized profitability and success for retailers. “It was about building shops and filling them with as much product as possible, and getting people to buy as quickly as possible and leave,” said Ross Bailey, CEO and founder of London-based Appear Here, which rents space to pop-up stores with offices in New York, Paris and London. Bailey moderated a panel at the International Council of Shopping Centers’ RECon confab here last week, called “The Anna Wintour Effect: Why Landlords Need to Think More Like Editors.” That means edit out the losers.  RECon, considered the largest retail real estate gathering of its kind,  attracted more than 37,000 mall owners, developers, retailers, and brokers, among others, from 58 countries for three days of networking and deal-making. The message this year was clear: Retail isn’t dying, but evolving, and those that fail to invest online are being pushed aside or off the cliff. Some of retail’s biggest names are caught in an online race to keep up with the e-commerce competition that includes Amazon. Several are reducing their footprint to have a more agile fleet to react quicker to changes in consumer demand. Target chief executive officer Brian Cornell announced this year that his company was investing $7 billion over the next three years in digital and supply-chain enhancements. The company has hired more than 1,000 engineers over the last two years and launched a revamped Target.com last year. “We’re putting digital first and evolving our stores, digital channels, and supply chain to work together as a smart network that delivers on everything guests love about Target,” Cornell said. The effort is paying off. Last year marked the third straight year of close to 30 percent gain in annual online sales growth. The brand with the largest store count in the United States, Walmart, is also mounting a full-court press online. “We’re being pretty active. We’re behind and we’re trying to catch up,” Marc Lore, CEO and president of Walmart eCommerce U.S.,  said in March during the Re/Code Technology Conference here. He was addressing the company’s acquisitions of online companies jet.com, shoebuy.com, and modcloth.com over the last year. Lore used to work for Amazon until Walmart lured him away eight months ago. “We’re buying time,” he said. The giant retailer can buy in mass quantities and deliver truckloads of product from a central warehouse to more than 4,000 stores fast and efficiently, which “can’t be underestimated,” Lore said. It’s why warehouses and distribution centers are getting attention, as supply-chain logistics – moving product from warehouse to store to a customer's front door — is taking center stage even though it's known as the back end of retail. “The pendulum has shifted” to logistics, said Adam Mullen, senior managing director of industrial and logistics in the Americas for commercial real estate firm CBRE Inc., which for the first time dedicated a room for the supply chain in its 12,800-square-foot RECon booth.  Mullen said at this year's event that he saw a 50 percent jump in the number of retailers and developers asking how to build a distribution network to meet online demand. “It was a revolving door,” Mullen said. “About 15 years ago, the thought among retailers was to have an empty warehouse and stores full of stuff. That’s reversed. Now they want these warehouses to be full and high tech to react more quickly. The supply chain is now viewed as a competitive weapon and not a necessary evil."  Melina Cordero, CBRE's head of retail research in the Americas, who was seated at the same table, said: “That’s what has pushed many retailers over the edge,” referring to the slew of recent bankruptcies. Teen apparel retailer Rue 21 filed for Chapter 11 on May 15, and plans to shut roughly 400 stores to focus on online sales. “It’s the final nail," Cordero said.  "With the shift, their in-store sales have dried up, and they can’t make the investments to adapt to the new marketplace.” Amazon is seen as contributing to the demise of the traditional bookstore. Yet the e-commerce giant will soon open its seventh bookstore, in Midtown Manhattan. The online race is spawning new tools. At RECon, Pitney Bowes principal/consultant Bill McKeogh demonstrated the company's new Geo Insight Platform, which uses digital analytics to help retailers  better understand customers and targeted markets. On an LED screen on Monday, he punched up a map of Center City Philadelphia that highlighted the Market East section. The Geo platform showed potential market penetration and annual sales after adding a dot to represent a new store.  “It’s about risk mitigation,” McKeogh said of the tool. “There’s very little wiggle room for retailers to make a mistake these days. About half of those I’m meeting with want to close stores, and those that are expanding have become much more strategic." Lease restructuring specialist Andrew Couch at real estate firm JLL calls the store closures a necessary phase to keep retail profitable.   “It’s like pruning a tree for it to stay healthy,” Couch said while at Drai’s Beachclub & Nightclub at the Cromwell Hotel during an after-conference party — one of many throughout the Las Vegas Strip on Monday. “The retailer has to get rid of unhealthy and dead branches to maintain a healthy core.” Experiential retail remains a growth area. At his panel earlier that same day, celebrity chef Todd English talked about food halls (such as the new Savor pavilion at King of Prussia Mall) becoming an integral part of malls and lifestyle centers. Some food halls are replacing traditional anchor stores that have closed. “Food is something that [Amazon CEO Jeff] Bezos hasn’t figured out yet,” joked English, who opened his first food hall nearly eight years ago at the Plaza Hotel in New York City after enlisting the Cushman & Wakefield real estate firm to find the right spot. He is expanding his brand to Los Angeles and London and just opened in Atlanta. "It's a driver of bodies. People want to experience food." In Las Vegas, aka Sin City, where retail —which includes hotel, entertainment, clothing stores, and food and beverage establishments — accounts for 64 percent of revenue from about 42 million tourists a year, versus 36 percent from gambling,  a memorable shopping experience is critical. Many travel from afar to indulge, such as Ronaldo Sunglao, 37,  of Manila, Philippines, who was vacationing in Vegas for a week with his family. Sunglao and his daughter, Rochelyn, 10, shopped at Havaianas,  Portuguese for Hawaiians, at Bally's Grand Bazaar Shops, an outdoor mall. The store sells rubber handmade Brazilian flip-flips ranging from $18 to $115. “Sometimes, the picture [a retailer] posts online for an item is different from what arrives at your door, and you’re very disappointed,” Sunglao said Tuesday. “Customer service — having staff take time to talk to me,” is what matters most to him, he said. Sunglao wasn’t quite ready to make a purchase that day, but said he would return later in the week. Sales clerk Abby Quidachay directed him to the store’s website to see the full inventory before coming back. Read more by Suzette Parmley Published: May 27, 2017 — 5:34 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Suzette Parmley Las Vegas goes from gambling halls to shopping malls PhillyDeals Internet millionaire plans suburban Philly local-news chain Comcast Comcast stock value surges near $200B, speeds past Verizon From garbage to gardens, composting gains steam Internet millionaire plans suburban Philly local-news chain Michael Golden, one of the online-commerce pioneers who got rich when eBay bought King of Prussia-based GSI Commerce for $2.4 billion in 2011... Suburban Philly steel plants busy with NYC, Navy contracts ArcelorMittal's steel-plate plants in Coatesville and Conshohocken are among the industrial facilities that could benefit from the expansion... Las Vegas tries a new gamble: vending machine that dispenses clean needles Condo project near Rittenhouse Square to involve historic rowhouse Design firm Nelson moves to boost architectural heft with Cope Linder merger Lunch box: Artist's take on Philly manufacturing This brewer is no fan of IPAs Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Top Local Stories Off-duty Detroit police officer shot, officials say News Victim in chain-reaction crash on I-75 identified News 2 people injured in apartment fire at Dearborn-Detroit border News Man shot, killed outside Tim Hortons in Van Buren Township; Suspect in custody News 2 boats collide on Lake St. Clair; man ejected but uninjured News Metro Detroit weather: Sunday night to be drier, cooler Weather Planet Fitness wins key ruling in Michigan lawsuit over transgender News London terror attacks: 9 dead, 48 wounded, 12 arrests made News Metro Detroit man struck, killed by vehicle after hitting deer and falling from motorcycle News National What to make of these viral racist tirades? Experts weigh in on comments By DARRAN SIMON , CNN Posted: 3:17 AM, May 26, 2017 Updated: 7:02 AM, May 26, 2017 More National Headlines What it's like to be the target of racism on campus (CNN) - The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman "go back to Mexico," and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: "This is my f***ing country." Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint's CEO said he and colleagues were "disgusted" by the woman's actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened "It means that America is back where it was ... decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion," said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump "tapped into seething anger" that was already boiling in those who couldn't accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump "legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned." "People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn't do before ... It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President." Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from "fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country." He said: "They feel that they're going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes." It's not new; it's cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn't new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. "It's cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day," said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University's Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it "into our consciousness in a much more emotional way," she said. "There's one part of this that could move us forward as a society ... It's in our face now, and we can't deny that it's happening," Carrillo said. She said: "People who are recording them may feel like it's an injustice, and that's why they are recording it -- and you can see some of the responses." But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, "it's kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism." Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. "We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment," she said. It's a push back against diversity "There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there's been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country," said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called "Alt-Reich," which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said "Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate." "When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists -- I'm talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News -- it's not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness," Perry said. He added: "There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others." Social media has helped bring these rants to light "What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon," said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. "What's new is the ability to record it." Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. "I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time," he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. "There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before," he said. "But what's clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media." Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing Recommended Reading: May 26, 2017 eMarketer’s scan of the key developments of the day, plus data to make sense of it all May 26, 2017 Share Email Print Walmart Opens Online Store on China’s JD.com Walmart made a strong bid for the business of China’s digital shoppers this week, opening up a flagship store on ecommerce site JD.com. Walmart selected 1,700 commonly purchased items to be featured on its JD.com storefront, and plans to rely on JD.com’s logistics expertise in China to help it with same-day and two-day deliveries. Walmart already operates 433 physical store locations in China. Understanding TV Habits A study from Zefr, which looked to better understand the shifting nature of how consumers watch and engage with TV content on different platforms, found while TV ratings may be declining, viewers aren’t tiring of such content. In fact, many are watching network TV on YouTube, regardless of whether it’s programmed by the network. Indonesian Telecom Shuts Down Ecommerce Operation Indonesian telecom firm Indosat Ooredoo announced it would end operations of its ecommerce site Cipika by June 1. The firm said aspects of its ecommerce business had performed adequately, but were not scalable. It added that it planned to focus its energy on core businesses. eMarketer estimates that retail ecommerce sales in Indonesia will total $8.2 billion this year. PC Shipments in India Surge Shipments of PCs in India grew by 12.5% quarter over quarter in the first three months of the year, according to research firm International Data Corporation (IDC). The increase was driven by new demand from both consumers and commercial buyers. The sector had been hit hard by the government’s move to demonetize two high-denomination notes of cash in late 2016, which resulted in a drop in consumer spending on nonessential items in India. —Cliff Annicelli, Rahul Chadha and Rimma Kats New Report in eMarketer PRO This Week Facebook Advertising 2017 As Facebook looks to new formats such as mid-roll video ads and messaging ads, concerns remain over video ad engagement, measurement and more. This report, based on extensive interviews with marketers and ad agency executives, digs into five factors that could impact future growth—and what marketers need to know about them. Preview Report Not a PRO subscriber? Find out how to become one. Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars A Big Name Eyes the Ad Blocking Market Is Personalization More Challenging in Asia-Pacific than in the US? UK Internet Users Choose Devices Based on Activity More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » B2B Mobile—How to Effectively Reach the Ever-More Mobile Buyer Customer Experience—How to Navigate the Journey Toward Customer-Centricity Digital Trends in Canada—What You Need to Know for 2017 More Webinars » Join eMarketer for a free webinar: B2B Mobile—How to Effectively Reach the Ever-More Mobile Buyer eMarketer Webinar Thursday, June 15, 1pm ET Click to Register. Space is limited. made possible by    Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Why eMarketer Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles » Our Media Sites eMarketer Articles eMarketer Retail         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PIGGYBACK RIDE Walmart’s future in China increasingly depends on a single Chinese company Written by Josh Horwitz May 26, 2017 Eggs in a new basket. (Reuters/Kim Kyung-hoon) Share Written by Josh Horwitz May 26, 2017 In China, Walmart is not only betting on e-commerce, it’s betting on a top Chinese e-commerce giant. The US retail giant announced on May 25 that it will open a store on JD.com, one of China’s most popular e-commerce sites, second only to Alibaba. It’s the latest move in a new strategy for the company that has consistently brought it closer to JD, which now has the power to make—or break—the company’s future in China. According to Walmart, the online store will carry over 1,700 of Walmart’s most-purchased items from its brick-and-mortar stores in China. Customers that order items before 11:00am can receive their packages on that same day. The orders will be fulfilled using JD’s in-house logistics infrastructure of warehouses, deliverymen, and drones. Walmart sold its e-commerce operations to JD in June 2016 after a joint-venture with Yihaodian, a marginal player in China’s online shopping industry, proved unsuccessful. In exchange for the purchase, Walmart took a 5% stake in JD. Since then, the two companies have moved quickly to boost Walmart’s online presence. In October 2016 JD launched an online store for Sam’s Club, as well as a store that sold only imported goods from Walmart overseas. That same month, Walmart announced it had invested $50 million in New Dada, a joint venture between JD and logistics network Dada. In April 2017 it launched an online store for Asda, Walmart’s UK subsidiary, selling British-branded products. Meanwhile, Walmart has steadily increased its stake in JD–from 5% in June 2016, to 10.8% in October, and then 12.1% this past February. Walmart’s bet on e-commerce in China, assisted by JD, comes as its traditional offline retail business there continues to struggle. The company does not regularly disclose financial details about its China business, but there’s plenty of evidence to suggest it is not going great. In 2014 a joint-venture partner revealed that same-store sales across 21 outlets dropped 6 percent between 2014 and 2015. It has also slowed the rate (paywall) of its new store openings in China. One of the factors causing Walmart’s middling success in China has been the country’s quick embrace of e-commerce. According to Nielsen, 11% of total retail sales in China come from e-commerce, compared to 8% in the US. And e-commerce sales in China are growing at a rate of 53% annually, compared to roughly 12% in the US. Meanwhile, Chinese consumers are opting to make small purchases either online or in convenience stores, rather than in hypermarkets, according to another Nielsen study. The average shopping basket value for Chinese hypermarket shoppers fell 172.4 yuan (about $25) in 2014 to 162.7 (about $23) yuan in 2015. This and other factors have led other overseas retailers to revamp their China strategies, or withdraw altogether. Carrefour, another hypermarket chain in the style of Walmart, suffered a net loss of €58 million (about $65 million) in China during 2016. The company recently started opening smaller outlets modeled after convenience stores. Tesco, from the UK, distanced itself from China when it sold its stores there to domestic retailer China Resources Enterprises in late 2013. And last October, bourgie expats gasped when Marks & Spencer announced it would close its 10 stores in China, citing continued losses. By relying on JD to manage its e-commerce operations, Walmart is placing its future in China in the hands of another company, and betting on JD’s success to boost its own. That could turn out all right for Walmart. JD, a major competitor to Alibaba, has long differentiated by promising faster deliveries than its rival, thanks to its in-house logistics network. Its market share in business-to-consumer e-commerce (as opposed to “marketplace style” e-commerce, where third-party vendors do the selling) has risen in the past few years, from 18.6% to 24.7%. The company just turned its first-ever operating profit since it listed in New York in 2014, and is investing hugely in drones to make delivery more efficient. Both JD and Alibaba have lately turned to groceries and household items as drivers for growth, hoping that repeat purchases will drive up “gross merchandise value,” a metric investors look at to assess the sales value of all purchases (though it’s not the same as revenue). That competitive pressure might squeeze JD’s margins from selling Walmart products online. Given all the headaches Walmart has endured in China in the past—food safety scandals, fickle consumer behavior, and accounting fudges—it might be nice to offload parts of the company’s future to someone else. Most Popular Open-minded people have a different visual perception of reality Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
What to make of these viral racist rants? - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases What to make of these viral racist rants? Posted: Friday, May 26, 2017 3:40 AM EDT Updated: Saturday, May 27, 2017 10:40 AM EDT Taylor Dumpson became the first African-American woman to hold the office of student government president at American University on May 1, 2017. By Darran Simon CNN (CNN) -- The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman "go back to Mexico," and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: "This is my f** country." Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint's CEO said he and colleagues were "disgusted" by the woman's actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racists rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: Rev. Joseph A .Darby - Vice-president of the Charleston, South Carolina NAACP branch "It means that America is back where it was ... decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion," Darby said. President Donald Trump "tapped into seething anger" that was already boiling in those who couldn't accept an African-American president, Darby said. He "legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned." "People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn't do before ... It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President." Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from "fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country." He said: "They feel that they're going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes." Teresa Carrillo - professor with San Francisco State University's Department of Latina/Latino Studies Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn't new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, Carrillo said. "It's cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day," said Carrillo, a political scientist But cell phones now bring it "into our consciousness is a much more emotional way," she said. "There's one part of this that could move us forward as a society ... It's in our face now, and we can't deny that it's happening," Carrillo said. She said: "People who are recording them may feel like it's an injustice, and that's why they are recording it -- and you can see some of the responses." But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, "it's kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism." Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. "We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment," she said. Andre Perry - education consultant, columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com "There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there's been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country," he said, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called "Alt-Reich," which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said "Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate." "When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists -- I'm talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Brietbart News -- it's not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness," Perry said. He added: "There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others." Jack Glaser - professor of public policy and a social psychologist at University of California, Berkeley "What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon," Glaser said. "What's new is the ability to record it." Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. "I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time," he said. Glaser said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. "There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before," he said. "But what's clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / What to make of these viral racist rants? What to make of these viral racist rants? Posted on Friday, May 26, 2017 by CNN in National News The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman “go back to Mexico,” and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: “This is my f***ing country.” Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint’s CEO said he and colleagues were “disgusted” by the woman’s actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened “It means that America is back where it was … decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion,” said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump “tapped into seething anger” that was already boiling in those who couldn’t accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump “legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned.” “People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn’t do before … It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President.” Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from “fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country.” He said: “They feel that they’re going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes.” It’s not new; it’s cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn’t new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. “It’s cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day,” said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University’s Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it “into our consciousness in a much more emotional way,” she said. “There’s one part of this that could move us forward as a society … It’s in our face now, and we can’t deny that it’s happening,” Carrillo said. She said: “People who are recording them may feel like it’s an injustice, and that’s why they are recording it — and you can see some of the responses.” But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, “it’s kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism.” Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. “We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment,” she said. It’s a push back against diversity “There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there’s been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country,” said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich,” which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said “Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate.” “When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists — I’m talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News — it’s not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness,” Perry said. He added: “There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others.” Social media has helped bring these rants to light “What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon,” said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. “What’s new is the ability to record it.” Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. “I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time,” he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. “There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before,” he said. “But what’s clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media.” 5 things for Friday, May 26: Russia, Montana, travel ban, G-7 & NATO Alabama executes inmate Tommy Arthur after multiple delays Related Posts 5 things to know for your New Day — Wednesday, January 28, 2015 Executions on hold, but what did they do to earn a death sentence? Maryland county official: “Never seen such devastation” New Orleans can remove Confederate monuments, appeals court rules Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue Wal-Mart locations eyed by Menifee council By Newsroom on May 25, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Will Fritz Valleystaff@reedermedia.com A new police storefront, an anti-graffiti ordinance and an update on two proposed Wal-Mart locations were items on the agenda at the Menifee city council meeting May 17. The council voted to approve startup funds, not to exceed $69,000, for a police storefront substation to be utilized by the Riverside County Sheriff’s Office, which the city contracts with for police services. The 1,299 square-foot substation will be located in Cherry Hills Plaza, 28115 Bradley Road, No. 4 in Sun City. The council’s budget appropriation anticipates a 5-year lease for the site. A vote was taken on a proposed ordinance to require property owners to address graffiti within 72 hours. The city would be allowed to fix graffiti on properties it is not fixed within the 72-hour timeframe, and may place liens on such properties. The ordinance’s second reading and adoption will take place June 7. Two Wal-Marts are currently proposed within Menifee city limits, Interim City Manager Ronald Bradley said Wednesday night. One, an approximately 182,000-square-foot store or about 208,000 square feet including an adjacent shopping center, could be built on 24.5 acres near the intersection of McCall Boulevard and Encanto Drive, just east of I-215. The store proposal is currently on its fifth submission, though the city is waiting to receive a few items for review for the submission to be considered complete, including a specific plan and environmental impact report, Bradley said. After all items are reviewed, the next step will be for the project to go before the city’s planning commission, he said. The store was first proposed in 2012. A second, similarly-sized Wal-Mart is proposed near the intersection of Scott and Haun roads after the completion the Scott Road/I-215 interchange project. “Whether they will actually build the Wal-Mart at that point in time, when the completion of the interchange comes to fruition, is yet to be determined, but that is the feedback we have from them at this moment in time,” he said. The Scott Road location was initially approved by voters in a 2011 ballot initiative and some grading has taken place in the area for future construction. Councilmember Lesa Sobek expressed concern about the McCall location, as the 2011 initiative approved only one Wal-Mart, not two. “The voters voted for one Wal-Mart in the City of Menifee, and they voted for a Wal-Mart at Scott,” Sobek said. “I’m concerned that now they’re talking about one at McCall. I look at our surrounding cities, and (the city of) Murrieta only has one Wal-Mart. The City of Temecula has one Wal-Mart.” Wednesday night’s meeting included the second reading and adoption of an ordinance prohibiting panhandling. Mayor Neil Winter also briefly discussed a bill signed by Governor Jerry Brown May 12 restoring vehicle license fee funding to four Riverside County cities, including Menifee. The funding, which was reserved for newly-incorporated cities, was taken away by a California Revenue & Taxation Code amendment in 2011, resulting in millions of dollars of lost funds for Menifee, Wildomar, Eastvale and Jurupa Valley, all of which have incorporated since 2008. Winter said the city will see the return of its funding in installments beginning in June. “Now we’ve got the money to be able to provide the services to you folks,” Winter said. “And that’s the most important thing.” Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related Menifee City Council, police storefront substation, Wal-mart Wal-Mart locations eyed by Menifee council added by Newsroom on May 25, 2017 View all posts by Newsroom → Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on Jun 4 2017, 8:55 pm PDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 68°F Wind: South at 4mph Humidity: 69% Dewpoint: 57.2°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search 24 hour Dorman At Liberty by Adam Sullivan Exact change by Lynda Waddington Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent Time Machine: Matsell’s Castle Farm News Track: Fatal Coggon shooting Pianist presents ‘unprecedented’ gift for Orchestra Iowa Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Sewing smiles: Williamsburg group makes sock monkeys for pediatric patients At Cosby trial, a constellation of race, celebrity, power and gender converges Another tryout camp in the books for C.R. RoughRiders Putin calls U.S. election-meddling charge a ‘load of nonsense’ in Kelly interview For Iowa teens and summer jobs, now may be the time Hamilton, Blankenhorn go deep, Kernels sting Bees, 11-6 CR Transit changes nearly here Video Photo Buses are reflected in the windows of the Ground Transportation Center on Monday, Dec. 2, 2013, in Cedar Rapids. (Liz Martin/The Gazette) Lynda Waddington The Gazette More stories from Lynda May 26, 2017 at 11:37 am | Print View Proposed changes to Cedar Rapids Transit passed their first public hearing hurdle this week. The upcoming changes are a result of recommendations from the 2016 Corridor Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) transit study, as well as current fiscal reality. In short, most transit riders will see improvements, but not a much wanted broader expansion of service. What’s included? Glad you asked. • Alternative Transfer Locations (aka Mini-Hubs) — Riders are going to see more crossover of routes, which will allow transfers to more easily take place outside of the ground transportation center in downtown Cedar Rapids. These will be located at Lindale and Westdale malls, and at the east and west side Wal-Mart stores. • Circulators — Looping routes will be implemented for Marion (Route 20) and the northeast side/Hiawatha (Route 30), making it easier for residents of those areas to run local errands. The circulators will connect with other routes through the Lindale Mall mini-hub and, for Route 30, the Wal-Mart on Blairs Ferry Rd. • Frequency Increases — Buses on heavily used Route 5, which travels First Avenue between the GTC and Lindale, will arrive every 15 minutes. The two circulators begin with one-hour frequencies. • Peak Service — Several Cedar Rapids high schools will benefit from higher bus frequency during peak hours. • Stagnant Fares & Taxes — There will be no fare or Cedar Rapids tax levy increases, and Saturday transit service remains free. • Route Efficiencies — Infrequently used bus stops are eliminated or combined, and widespread rerouting will take place. For instance, routes 2 and 9 are being combined, while routes 4 and 6 will connect at the Wal-Mart. There are multiple other changes, most minor. A complete list with maps and frequencies is on the City of Cedar Rapids website. Not (yet) included are a handful of more costly changes many transit riders want: • Sunday Service • Expanded Footprint • Express Service (to Downtown Cedar Rapids) • Night Service That last bullet point was the most requested system enhancement from those who participated in the transit survey. It’s also my biggest complaint about local bus service. To understand why, consider Tuesday’s public hearing on these proposed changes. The hearing began after local service ended for the day. So, the people most impacted by the changes were effectively cut out of the process unless they could arrange alternate transportation. Any way you slice it, that’s unfair. The good news is that CR Transit Manager Brad DeBrower is aware and exploring options. He told Cedar Rapids Council members to expect to hear from him again next year, when he hopes to present options for expanded transit hours. After the hearing he told me work being done now, specifically fleet and other equipment updates, could help pave the way to night service. So, who wants to ride the buses with me after the route changes are implemented? • Comments: @LyndaIowa, (319) 339-3144, lynda.waddington@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps More stories from Lynda Waddington Resignation can’t stymie DHS probe Two of three teens the state pledged to protect were plac ... Affordable housing tour offers necessary spotlight Work on a project for months, put your heart and soul int ... CR Transit changes nearly here Proposed changes to Cedar Rapids Transit passed their fir ... Your next Exact change by Lynda Waddington articles Iowa winnowing of health care begins Keep it honest, take it personally A Mother's Day question: Do we really va ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Comments Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Utah woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping Utah 0  Updated at 9:20 am, May 27th, 2017 By: Yvette Cruz, KSL.com Share This Story We Matched Tori Lee Castillo | KSL.com RIVERDALE, Utah — A woman was arrested after locking her two children in the trunk of her car in a Wal-Mart parking lot Thursday, Riverdale police said. Police officers were dispatched to a Wal-Mart at 4848 900 West in Riverdale after a witness called 911 claiming to have seen Tori Lee Castillo, 39, leave the children in the trunk, according to Riverdale Police Lt. Casey Warren. Police said the children, ages 2 and 5 years old, began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake. Warren said several good Samaritans in the lot noticed and helped the children by telling the 5-year-old girl to pull the emergency latch in the trunk to escape. Police contacted Child and Family Services and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Warren said. Once Castillo returned to the car, she was interviewed by police and booked into Weber County Jail for investigation of child abuse. This article was originally published by KSL.com. It is used here with permission. NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP Managing Editor Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Rexburg man charged with felony sex crimes against two girls 2 Jun 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Stepfather accused of duct taping children’s mouths and hands 31 May 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Woman charged after she allegedly crashed her car into a home, ran away 2 Jun 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Search and rescue crews locate body of Utah 4-year-old near Provo River 30 May 2017 Faith Heaton Jolley, KSL.com Images in the news Related Stories   Oklahoma man shoots, kills neighbor who was trying to drown twin babies Utah home was one of the largest fentanyl operations in the U.S. Local camp helps kids whose parents are diagnosed with cancer Police tape: Former Canadian nurse confessed to killing ‘mean’ patients Idaho Falls Temple rededicated after 2 year closure Nampa teen breathes on his own and walks after double lung transplant Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Blackhawk Up Home Videos About News Editorials History Rockford IcehogsRockford Icehogs Prospects Rumors Schedule Shop MoreMore Write for us Tickets Facebook Twitter May 25, 2017; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Ottawa Senators goalie Craig Anderson (41) and defenseman Marc Methot (3) react to the game winning goal by Pittsburgh Penguins left wing Chris Kunitz (not pictured) in the second overtime in game seven of the Eastern Conference Final of the 2017 Stanley Cup Playoffs at the PPG PAINTS Arena. Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports Stanley Cup Final’s Conn Smythe Odds For Penguins, Predators by Colin Likas Chicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday by Gail Kauchak Chicago Blackhawks News Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- UnSenSational Final by Keith Schultz1 week agoFollow @Oakforest72 Tweet Share x GPlus Pin Comment Good morning Chicago Blackhawks fans! As promised I have arrived in the wonderful world of Wal-mart errr Bentonville Arkansas for my sons wedding, and now we can talk about the Stanley Cup Final. Let’s be honest, I was hoping for an Ottawa Senators vs Nashville Predators Final with the Penguins losing in overtime of Game #7 of the Conference Finals just like the Hawks did back in 2014.  I really thought it was going to happen when the Senators tied it up a second time late in the third period when they could have folded on the road giving up a late third period goal. Of course as we know the Penguins scored in double overtime which means NBC gets the better of the two matchups of course with Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin among the headliners. I guess I will root for the Preds solely based on the fact I don’t want the Penguins to repeat since the Hawks weren’t able too, plus I think it will make the Hawks vs Preds rivalry that much better for years to come. More from Chicago Blackhawks News 6/4 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- We Have A Series 6/3 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Will We Get A Series 6/2 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Final Flashback 6/1 - Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Hello June 5/31 - Chicago Blackhawks Talking Deal With Vegas Golden Knights Granted I don’t want either team to win, but this should be a pretty good series with the Preds the underdog with Ryan Johansen out for the rest of the playoffs. What do you think? Who will you be rooting for in the Final? Here are some morning links to start your weekend. More from Blackhawk Up Chicago Blackhawks’ Offensive Preparation For 2017-18 Season6h ago Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- We Have A Series12h ago Chicago Blackhawks’ In-House Defenseman Options For The Future1 d ago Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Will We Get A Series1 d ago Chicago Blackhawks Morning Links- Final Flashback2d ago Soup and Sandwich was the obvious choice for best feature of the year (Blackhawks) Why did this fan become a Chicago Blackhawks fan (Second City) The Blackhawks are reportedly in the mix for another player from Europe (Committed Indians) For the second straight year a first round exit was a wake up call (CSN) John Hayden leaves Yale with a degree and much more (Athletic) A look at Mikael Granlund‘s breakout season in Minnesota (Gone Puck Wild) The Pittsburgh Penguins march to the Finals was filled with plenty of challenges (Pro Hockey Talk) Next: What About The Blackhawks Centerman? The eulogy of the Ottawa Senators (Puck Daddy)     Load Comments Top Stories Blackhawk Up 1 w agoChicago Blackhawks Sign Michal Kempny To A One Year Extension Sports Illustrated Extra Mustard 3w agoPatrick Kane gives up first-class seat to soldier Blackhawk Up 1 w agoChicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday Blackhawk Up 1 w agoChicago Blackhawks Morning Links- UnSenSational Final Newsletter Featured Products Amazon $14.95Hawks Dynasty: The Chicago Blackhawks' Run to the 20... Amazon $38.00NHL Chicago Blackhawks Men's '47 Basic Scrum Te... Amazon $24.99NHL Men's Chicago Blackhawks Sweatpants (Medium) Your Chicago Blackhawks. Your inbox. Every Day. Build your own custom daily newsletter with updates on your favorite teams, sent directly to your inbox. Your privacy is safe with us. We’ll never pass along your email address to spammers, scammers, or the like. About About Masthead Press Openings Swag Stay Connected Our 300+ Sites Mobile Apps FanSided Daily Google Newsstand FanSided Deals Contact Technical Support Advertise Writer Application Tips Download our mobile apps Your favorite teams, topics, and players all on your favorite mobile devices. © 2017 FanSided Inc. All Rights Reserved. FanSided NFL More NFL News » More NFL Mocks » View all NFL Sites Topics Fantasy Football NFL Draft 2016 NFL Mock Drafts NFL Scouting Combine NFL Free Agency 2016 NFL Tickets Ranking Starting QBs for Each Team Best NFL Player Born in Every State NBA More NBA News » More NBA Features » View all NBA Sites Topics All NBA Fantasy Basketball NBA Draft NBA Playoffs NBA Free Agency NBA All-Star Weekend NBA Tickets Ranking the last 50 NBA Champions 50 Greatest NBA Duos of All-Time MLB More MLB News » More Fantasy Baseball » View all MLB Sites Topics All MLB Fantasy Baseball MLB Trade Rumors MLB Free Agency Call to the Pen MLB Tickets Best Player on Every MLB Team Top 25 players 25 and under NHL More NHL News » More NHL Playoffs » View all NHL Sites Topics All NHL NHL Playoffs NHL Draft NHL Free Agency NHL Tickets Each NHL Team's Most Likely Future Hall of Famer Power Ranking Current Head Coaches SOCCER More Premier League News » More MLS News » View all SOCCER Sites Topics All Soccer Soccer Tickets Premier League MLS World Cup USMNT Champions League Serie A La Liga Bundesliga We Are Hooligans Playing for 90 30 Greatest Teams in Premier League History CFB More College Football News » More College Football Features » View all CFB Sites Topics SEC BIG 12 BIG TEN ACC PAC 12 CFB Tickets College Football Playoff 50 Best Rivalries of All-Time 30 Greatest CFB Dynasties of All-Time Best CFB Team of All-Time CBB More College Hoops News » More Busting Brackets » View all CBB Sites Topics All CBB News CBB Tickets March Madness Busting Brackets 28 most memorable buzzer beaters in March Madness history MMA More UFC News » More Bellator News » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics UFC Bellator MMA Newsletter MMA Tickets Interviews Golf More PGA Tour » More LPGA Tour » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics Power Rankings Fantasy Golf The Masters The Open Championship US Open PGA Championship Golf Tickets Top 30 Golf Courses Ranking Augusta National Racing More NASCAR » More IndyCar » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Topics NASCAR IndyCar FormulaOne Racing Newsletter Racing Tickets Top Drivers of All-Time Entertainment More Movie News » More TV News » View all Entertainment Sites Topics Netflix Originals Game of Thrones The Walking Dead Star Wars WWE Hip Hop Late Night TV 60 Best Sitcoms of All-Time Top 50 TV Shows on Netflix Top 50 Movies on Netflix Deals Tickets Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated More SI Top Stories » More Extra Mustard » View all Sports Illustrated Sites Features Magazine MMQB Swim SI Now SI Wire SI Longform Campush Rush The Cauldron 120 Sports Tweet Share Pin GPlus Comment ' Search for: 'Search FanSided Chicago Blackhawks Sign Michal Kempny To A One Year Extension by Keith Schultz Patrick Kane gives up first-class seat to soldier by Extra Mustard Chicago Blackhawks’ Marcus Kruger Celebrates His Golden Birthday by Gail Kauchak NFL NBA MLB NHL SOCCER CFB CBB MMA Golf Racing Entertainment Deals Tickets Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated About/Contact Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App
Blog Advertorial Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny Giveaway HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress Freebies Deals News Business How You Can Compete Against DIY Site Builders By Daniel Davidson · Posted May. 26, 2017 · Reading time: 6 minutes 272 203 18 How does the little guy compete? How do you win against these giant companies? It’s inevitable right? The big guy always wins. Walmart decimated the Mom & Pops. Home Depot killed the local hardware stores. And now, it’s your turn. Squarespace, and Wix, and Webydo, and a dozen others are winning and putting you out of business. At least, if you and I are honest, sometimes late at night, lying in bed, it sure seems that way, right? Well, it sure did for me. I almost gave up. I know there is a small part of you, maybe a big part, that is concerned with the struggle we have in front of us. Big or small, competition always presents a threat. And DIY sure looks like a big one!   Site Builders Are Taking the Internet by Storm Their ads are everywhere. They have Jeff Bridges, John Malkovich, Jason Statham and a host of other celebrities selling for them. They have multi-million dollar campaigns spread across TV, YouTube, and even radio. I don’t think I can get through 5 minutes online without seeing one of their ads. I know you’re seeing the same thing. On YouTube alone, it seems like every content creator is being sponsored by Squarespace, or every other video is bumpered with a Wix commercial. Create your stunning website today. It’s easy and free! ~Wix FREE! And worse, it’s not like they’re selling the GeoCities of yesteryear. Their sites are “stunning.” They do look good. Don’t hate, and don’t be a snob. There are good looking sites on all these platforms. On top of that, their codebase is no joke. Think I’m wrong? Try running one of their sites through Google PageSpeed Insights or YSlow. They’re pretty hard to beat.   So, How Do You Compete? Want the simple answer? You can’t. At least, not directly. But that’s okay. These DIY solutions are doing you, and your business a favor.   When the Writing is on The Wall, it’s Time to Make a Change I struggled with this “problem” for quite some time. For years actually. Even before these DIY site builders arrived, I struggled with how to stay competitive against all the web design marketplaces that were popping up. I had a healthy amount of work at the time, but I could see the writing on the wall. The industry was changing and my place in it was being threatened. So, I thought, “If you can’t beat them, join them.” So, I started to research theme shops. I could start building themes to sell wholesale too. But, just as quickly as I came up with that idea, it was beaten out of me. There were far too many agencies, teams of people, dedicated to cranking out professional themes. I couldn’t compete with that. And, even if I thought I could, it wouldn’t solve anything. I would have the same problem. Bigger swifter shops doing more for less. So, I struggled with this for years. Hoping that someday I’d figure it out. In the meantime I continued to serve my clients as before. I kept trying to do better and better. All the while, web design was getting cheaper and more accessible. Then, one day, I hit “the” wall. I delivered a redesign and it flopped…hard. I launched a redesigned website for a company. It was a significant overhaul from the previous version. We changed everything. It took months, but when finished, the site looked great. I was proud of it. The company was thrilled. Their sales staff were getting compliments on the phone for weeks. I mean everyone loved it! After a few months, I peeked at the website’s analytics to see how great of a job I had done, and I was shocked. Nothing had changed. Bounce rate, page views, average time on site, and even worse, conversions, they were the same as they’d always been. After months of a redesign, the performance of the website had largely been unaffected. This made no sense! A better looking website was supposed to do better. But it hadn’t done better. It had done nothing at all. So, what was happening? I was lost. So, now, on top of the market threatening my livelihood, I now had an ethical problem on top of it all. How could I continue to sell my design services when I was no longer confident it was going to make a difference? How could I continue to market against all those “soulless” pre-built themes.   Maybe, Cheaper DIY is Just as Good I’m sure you’ve been there, or you’re there right now. It’s the problem any honest web designer is bound to face at some point. If you know what I’m talking about, If you’re feeling lost, like the market has made you obsolete, do not lose hope. There is a bright future for web designers. We’re not going anywhere, we’re not being run out of business, and we’re more needed now than ever before. But, as I’ve discovered, to get there, you have to change your perspective on the market we exist in.   To Win, You Must Know Thyself The marketplace has evolved. Not just for web designers, but for our clients and their customers as well. Meaning, showing up and looking good is no longer good enough. If you are only selling clients on getting a beautiful website with a modern code base, you are going to lose for two big reasons.   One, Web “Design” has Become Commoditized Between marketplaces like Envato, hosted e-commerce solutions like Shopify, and now site builders like Squarespace and Wix, you can get good design anywhere. And, you can get it dirt cheap. Most of it is quality work. Built by teams of talented professionals mastering their product for the masses. Today, if you want to get online with a good looking website, you can do it for the price of a Happy Meal. And you can’t dispute that. At least, not honestly. And besides, your client’s customers, they don’t care about design. Not in the way we’ve conditioned our clients to think they do.   Two, Having a Website is no Longer a Novelty And here’s the beginning of why being a web designer today can be so profitable. If you’ve been around for awhile, you probably remember having to sell clients on the importance of being online. Do you remember those times? If not, try to imagine having to sell your client on the “vision” of why their business needed to go “digital.” It wasn’t a gimmick, it was the nature of the market. If you were online, you were cutting edge. You were the company that customer’s wanted to do business with. Then a few years later, BOOM! CSS came onto the stage and erupted into “Web 2.0” And the market changed again. Everyone was getting online. It was no longer the differentiator, it was expected. Now, you had to LOOK like you knew what you were doing. Your client’s website had to look good if it was going to succeed. And this idea stuck. It stuck because it worked. And it has stuck so well, it’s given birth to the enormous DIY market. It’s the premise behind the business model of these DIY builders. To give everyone cheap and affordable access to good looking websites. And our clients are flocking to them. It’s our own fault. We’ve spent the last decade selling them that all they need to do is look good online. That, all they needed, was a good looking website. Except, we were wrong. The market has changed again and the web design community has missed it…   THIS is How You Can Compete… The market is no longer impressed into making conversions. They’re far too savvy for it. Today, the web is a tool to get things done. To find a solution to our problems as quickly as possible. To succeed online we need to focus on more than design and code. We must focus on the end user. This isn’t just so you can stay in business. It’s so you can TRULY be valuable to your clients. You can give them a website that will sell. You know design and code. That means you know more than the average joe trying to save a few bucks by doing it themselves. Teach them it’s more than cramming sales copy into pre-defined blocks of content inside a pretty theme. Help your clients form a strategy that answers their customers problems. Give your clients a website that focuses on their customers first, not their own business. Ask, “Why is a prospect on their website?”, “How did they get there?”, “What are they hoping to find?” Take that strategy and craft engaging content that is customer-focused. If you’re not comfortable writing, then try to deepen your skill set. Learn how to write conversion optimized content. Or, partner with a professional copywriter. Then, design your client’s website for their customer, around your newly crafted strategic content. Combine their messaging with your knowledge of user-behavior patterns. Use design to elicit pre-defined interactions with the content. Guide the customer to their primary goal. Stop delivering digital brochures as websites. Give your clients a 24/7 salesman that listens and responds to their customer’s needs.   And That’s Your Golden Opportunity Against DIY Site Builders They require the DIY’er to be a marketer, professional copywriter, UX expert, and more. But a roofer, chef, banker, lawyer, doctor, they’re not web professionals. They’re not familiar with how the web works and the psychology of the end user. You are! The DIY site builders are targeting those who don’t know better, those who think just being online with a good looking website is good enough. And again: It’s not! It’s categorically not good enough! You know this.   Start Doing More! Make More Wins! If you help your clients understand it’s about their customers first, then you can build their website around the customer’s end goal. You’ll unlock a gold-mine of opportunity that they could never achieve with any DIY solution. No matter what John Malkovich says. By Daniel Davidson Daniel Davidson is a web designer and marketer who has been developing his skill over the last two decades. He is the founder of By Dan Design Co., a premium web design agency that specializes in web design and conversion optimization. More articles by Daniel Davidson Popular posts This red goes to #FG0000: Wide-Gamut Color with and Cloudinary 10 Essential Rules for UI Design 4 Ways to Use Functional Animation in UI Design 7 UI Choices That Damage UX How You Can Compete Against DIY Site Builders Hot deals 20 Hi-Res 3D Text Mockup Templates - only $19! Ends in - 6 days LAST CHANCE: The Complete Vector Blueprint Kit from The Artifex Forge - only $9! Ends in - 1 day Get 800,000+ Stock Vectors, Photos, Icons and more from StockUnlimited - only $39! Ends in - 1 day EXCLUSIVE! Create Up to 40 Caricatures from 1 Image with CaricatureStudio - only $5! Ends in - 3 days Beautiful Samantha Script Font - only $17! Ends in - 3 days Sponsors Hot deals Sci-Fi Bundle: Space Fonts, Backgrounds, Logos, UI Kit - only $17! Beautiful Samantha Script Font - only $17! Lifetime Access to SitePoint Premium (1000s of Developer and Designer Books & Tutorials) - only $44! Fluid Mask 3 - Professional Image Masking Tool - only $49! Featured freebies Free Download: ORIGRAM Font Free Download: Aveline Script Free download: Avatar vector collection Free Download: Honilad Script Aa Join our 986,764 subscribers and get access to the latest tools, freebies, product announcements and much more! Subscribe me Home About Categories Archive Authors Newsletter Advertise Write for us Legal Contact 210,547 612,458 90,777 © 2010-2017 All Rights Reserved Articles Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Police respond following theft of $5 May 26, 2017 • Police Blotter The following reports are from the Roswell Police Department and are available at rpdp2c.org. All people arrested or cited are presumed innocent. Police were dispatched to Walmart in the 4500 block [auth] of North Main Street in response to a burglary call. A $5 bill was stolen from an unlocked vehicle. Arrests and arrest citations Tricia Marie Stafford, 37, of the 1200 block of East Country Club Road, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 11:50 p.m. Thursday in the 400 block of 24th Street. Bronson Lee Clark, 19, of the 500 block of South Spruce, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 9:37 a.m. Monday in the 700 block of West Second Street. Maria Inez Lucero, 58, of the 500 block of South Wyoming Avenue, was charged with possession of marijuana at 12:25 p.m. Monday at her home. Renee Delossantos-Sanchez, 51, of the 700 block of Greenbrier Drive, was charged with possession of controlled substances at 4:53 p.m. Monday in the 3800 block of South Main Street. Michelle Lee Tyler, 35, of the 1100 block of South Missouri Avenue, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 10:05 p.m. Tuesday in the 400 block of East Bland Street. Shaniya Elydia Obryon, 18, of Dexter, was charged with possession of marijuana in the 1500 block of North Union Avenue at 11 p.m. Wednesday. Burglaries Police were dispatched to the 600 block of West Alameda Street at 11:12 p.m. Monday in response to a burglary call. A tablet and support equipment valued at $122 were reported stolen. Police were dispatched to the 1100 block of South Richardson Avenue at 6:34 p.m. Tuesday in response to a burglary call. A bicycle, a propane tank, a Playstation and a lawnmower valued at $520 were reported stolen. Criminal damages Police were dispatched to the 1800 block of Monroe Avenue at 2:36 p.m. Thursday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $350 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 200 block of West First Street at 8:53 a.m. Thursday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $200 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 1400 block of West Second Street at 8:35 a.m. Tuesday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $1,000 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 800 block of North Richardson Avenue at 7:10 a.m. Tuesday in response to a criminal damage call. A rear windshield valued at $250 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 2800 block of North Main Street at 4:41 p.m. Wednesday in response to a criminal damage call. A chain link fence valued at $350 was reported stolen. Police were dispatched to the 300 block of Onyx Street at 2:07 p.m. Wednesday in response to a criminal damage call. A car door and window valued at $450 were reported damaged. Larceny Police were dispatched to the 1700 block of South Main Street at 4:13 p.m. Tuesday in response to a larceny call. A cell phone and clothing valued at $241.87 were reported stolen. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « BLM planning prescribed burn Nation’s oldest civil rights organization is very active in Roswell » Business Review Desert Palms, LLC. Carpet & Tile Cleaning Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico schools look to solve physician shortage June 3, 2017 New Mexico woman sentenced for stealing crime funds June 3, 2017 General: Plane from unit at Cannon AFB dropped massive bomb June 3, 2017 Albuquerque police: 2 dead after shooting in parking lot June 3, 2017 New Mexico seeking info as it updates state railway plan June 3, 2017 New Mexico considering changes to Medicaid program June 2, 2017 New Mexico AD stepping down amid spending scrutiny June 2, 2017 ENMU’s Roswell campus seeks $20 million for capital projects June 2, 2017 Unpaid furlough days not coming for New Mexico employees June 2, 2017 Prosecutors: No charges in shooting at Albuquerque car wash June 2, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping By Katie McKellar @KatieMcKellar1 Published: May 26, 2017 10:50 p.m. Updated: May 26, 2017 10:53 p.m. 1 Comment 1 of 1 View 1 Item Weber County Jail Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was booked into the Weber County Jail on Thursday, May 26, 2017 for child abuse after police say she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she went shopping at a Riverdale Wal-Mart. RIVERDALE, Weber County — A woman was arrested Thursday after police say she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at Wal-Mart. Riverdale police Lt. Casey Warren said police were dispatched to the Riverdale Wal-Mart after a witness called police, claiming to see a woman lock two children in her car before she left to go shopping. 1 comment on this story The children, ages 2 and 5, began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake, Warren said. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Warren said. They instructed the 5-year-old girl to pull the emergency latch in the trunk to escape, Warren said. Child and Family Services was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Warren said. Once the children's mother returned, she was interviewed by police before being booked into the Weber County jail for child abuse, Warren said. Katie McKellar @KatieMcKellar1 kmckellar@deseretnews.com Like that? Read this. Utah 23 hours ago Photos: High school rodeo finals wrap up Saturday in Heber City Sponsored by Robert J DeBry and Associates 10 of the most unusual laws in Utah Utah yesterday Causes of 80 percent of birth defects are unknown, U. study says Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 10 of the most unusual laws in Utah 2 Book review: Utah extreme skier writes on making friends with fear 3 Hope, happiness prevail in big-screen retelling of West Haven girl's life 4 Teen boy dead in West Valley City shooting 5 Draper prison inmates crochet 150 intricate blankets for Utah veterans View all for Utah most Commented 76 Utah reactions to Paris climate change departure mixed 63 Pulling out of climate accord depresses USU professor, elates Utah's senators 44 Mitt Romney, Squatty Potty respond to Kathy Griffin's 'beheaded Trump' gag 30 Park City to pay new teachers $50,700 a year plus benefits 29 'Special problems here:' Hatch talks Utah's dire suicide rate, lauds state hotline 27 Double-decker I-15? Better growth planning could prevent that, lawmaker says 26 Initiative to raise taxes to fund education kicks off next week 22 No 'Trump bashing' expected at Romney's fifth Deer Valley political retreat Sunday, June, 4, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 73° 73° Low 68° High 86° Mon 70° 83° Tue 68° 90° Wed 67° 88° See complete forecast Severe weather alert ‘Black b*tch’: North Texas police chief under investigation after controversial arrest Posted 6:57 pm, May 26, 2017, by Rachael Sneed Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email COMMERCE, TX – The winner of Miss Black Texas 2016 says she was harassed, unlawfully arrested, and detained by a North Texas police chief. If that’s not bad enough, she also says he called her a “black b*tch.” Carmen Ponder, a recent graduate of Texas A&M University, tweeted she experienced “road rage” from the police chief of Commerce, Kerry Crews, on Tuesday. Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 According to Ponder, she was on her way to Walmart when she encountered a black truck driving erratically in front of her. She says she decided to pass the vehicle to avoid potential danger because she believed the driver to be drunk. She realized the vehicle had followed her after parking her car outside of Walmart. Crews, who allegedly identified himself as police, yelled at her for passing his 14-year-old daughter who was learning how to drive at the time. Ponder reminded Crews that it’s illegal for a 14-year-old to drive, leading Crews to allegedly call Ponder a “black b*tch.” After the confrontation, Ponder entered Walmart, purchased her items, and headed back to her vehicle when Crews, his daughter, and another man confronted her. According to Ponder, the man informed her that Crews was a police chief and suggested that she apologize to him. Ponder refused and called the police. When police arrived on the scene, the man who approached Ponder allegedly told them that she was resisting arrest and instructed police to arrest her. Ponder was arrested and detained for 24 hours. She was charged with evading arrest. She posted her encounter on Twitter: @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder is calling for her charges to be dropped, Crews to be fired, and disciplinary action for other involved officers. Commerce police released a statement on Thursday, claiming Ponder’s statements do not match  Crews’. It seems we have a classic “he said, she said” situation on our hands. Related stories A white cop is suing for racial discrimination, after he found out he’s part African Sandra Bland Act gets approved version from Texas Senate ‘Time for a tree and a rope’: Texas judge must undergo sensitivity training after Facebook comment Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Download the CW33 News App! Get your fix! Download the CW33 NewsFix App for iOS and Android! Popular 1000 acres of action: DFW’s newest attraction opens in Midlothian Teen hit and killed crossing I-20 in Grand Prairie Widow of slain Dallas police officer sues to keep video of husband’s death private 3 dead after shootout at Greenville car dealership Latest News Woman stays of church roof until she raises 150K lbs. of food donations Ariana visits her injured fans at Manchester hospital Bill Maher had the nerve to use the N-word on his show! Terror in London: 12 arrested, at least 7 killed in attacks National/World News Woman charged after listing boy, 14, as father of her unborn child National/World News ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete National/World News Mother abandons 2-year-old in busy grocery store NewsFix Denison teen lied about black men kidnapping, gang raping her National/World News 11-year-old girl revived with Narcan after heroin overdose, police say National/World News Father killed after fight between boys at kindergarten graduation party escalates NewsFix Search for Cleveland suspect in Facebook murder video expands to 5 states National/World News ‘I don’t want to go to jail, mommy’: 8-year-old found steering car for drunk mom, police say Eye Opener Fort Worth girl killed in hit & run, search for second car continues NewsFix Missing Irving mother found safe in South Texas Eye Opener Dallas woman killed in hit and run National/World News Girl dives from truck after being kidnapped, sexually assaulted and injected with meth National/World News Mom accused of beating 71-year-old with own cane for suggesting son needs manners Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 835 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Small downtowns like South Lyon are bouncing back With small downtowns and neighborhood shopping districts on the chopping block, according to retail gurus, some are find ways to thrive. Post to Facebook Small downtowns like South Lyon are bouncing back With small downtowns and neighborhood shopping districts on the chopping block, according to retail gurus, some are find ways to thrive.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2rqfGmj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Small downtowns like South Lyon are bouncing back Bill Laitner , Detroit Free Press Published 6:11 p.m. ET May 26, 2017 | Updated 5:46 p.m. ET May 29, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESCongressional delegation, Snyder call for new lock funding | 1:13 A portion of Michigan's congressional delegation and Gov. Rick Snyder headed to this Upper Peninsula city on Friday to put an image to a problem — the aging and deteriorating Soo Locks. Wochit 1 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESFawn killed by Metroparks' mower horrifies Facebook fans | 0:45 A photo zipping around the internet of a fawn run down by a tractor at Stony Creek Metropark triggered a rash of protest comments on Facebook and charges of wildlife abuse by animal-welfare advocates. The Metroparks' top official said the animal's death was the kind of accident he hoped to prevent with new maintenance methods. Critics, including those at the “Animal Abusers Exposed” Facebook site, charged Metropark managers with being callous and complacent about of wildlife depradation. Still others on Facebook countered that the parks' deer population was excessive, and that mowing was necessary to curtail humans' exposure to insects such as ticks and mosquitoes, carriers of Lyme disease and West Nile virus respectively. Detroit Free Press 2 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESHarbaugh going to do 11 satellite camps, 'would rather do more' | 2:05 Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh fielded questions after the satellite camp in suburban Cleveland on June 2, 2017. Video by Mark Snyder/DFP 3 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESWatch: Roger Penske breaks down his drivers | 1:11 Roger Penske assesses his IndyCar Series race team before practice laps at the Chevrolet Detroit Grand Prix on June 2, 2017 at Belle Isle. Mandi Wright, Detroit Free Press 4 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESProposed cuts to federal school program would "devastate" | 1:29 President Trump's administration has proposed eliminating $1.1 billion in funding for the 21st Century Community Learning Centers programs, which provide before-school, after-school and summer school programming targeted at needy children. Lori Higgins/Detroit Free Press 5 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESTigers GM Al Avila gives state-of-team address | 14:47 Detroit Tigers general manager Al Avila fields questions as the team opens a critical month with a home stand against the White Sox on June 2, 2017. Video by Carlos Monarrez/DFP 6 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESWatch: A look back at the life of Jack McCloskey | 1:04 Jack McCloskey, architect of the Pistons' famed Bad Boys teams, died at 91 on Thursday, June 1, 2017. He was battling Alzheimer’s disease. Wochit 7 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESLittle Caesars Arena tour | 16:46 Little Caesars Arena tour with Free Press sports writer Helene St. James on June 1, 2017. Helene St. James, Detroit Free Press 8 of 9 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE TODAY'S TOP STORIESHow to pay the bill for college | 0:49 Only one third of college students graduate without debt. The rest need to balance a mix of scholarships, loans and savings. Detroit Free Press 9 of 9Last VideoNext Video Congressional delegation, Snyder call for new lock funding Fawn killed by Metroparks' mower horrifies Facebook fans Harbaugh going to do 11 satellite camps, 'would rather do more' Watch: Roger Penske breaks down his drivers Proposed cuts to federal school program would "devastate" Tigers GM Al Avila gives state-of-team address Watch: A look back at the life of Jack McCloskey Little Caesars Arena tour How to pay the bill for college Buy Photo Business owners, and public officials of South Lyon pose for a photo before the blue ribbon cutting ceremony on East Lake Street, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in South Lyon. (Photo: Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo 835 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Across Michigan and the nation, small towns are on the chopping block.  Small downtowns with mom-and-pop shops must do or die, say retail experts, or they'll be swamped by a rising tide of Internet sales, along with competition from flashy malls,   big box stores and superstores like Walmart.  Except that one burg is defying the death knell: South Lyon, a town of about 12,000 people in southwest Oakland County. Since the Great Recession of 2008-12, South Lyon has made a comeback and then some. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn South Lyon celebrates downtown business boom  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo Annie Buchtrup, owner of The Lemon Tree, center, poses for a photo with certifications from the City of South Lyon, Downtown Development Authority, and Oakland County in front of her store on North Lafayette Street in South Lyon.  Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo A banner displays on a street lamp on Lake Street in South Lyon.  Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Karen Backus and Pam Burton, co-owners of The Coral Sash Women's Boutique, pose for a photo before a red ribbon-cutting ceremony outside their store on North Lafayette Street.  Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo The intersection of Lake Street and Lafayette Street in downtown South Lyon seen on Tuesday, May 23, 2017.   Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Business owners, and public officials of South Lyon pose for a photo before the blue ribbon cutting on East Lake Street, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in South Lyon.  Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo John Galeas, mayor of South Lyon, presents a certificate of appreciation for investing in the city to Emily Savioli, owner of Ems Furniture Resurrection & More outside of her store on North Lafayette Street.  Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Tracey Hill, left, owner of Tracey Hill Photography, poses for a photo before a red ribbon cutting ceremony outside of studio on North Lafayette Street, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in South Lyon.   Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Phil Weipert, Oakland County Commissioner, presents a proclamation from Oakland County Board of Commissioners to Karen Backus, co-owner of The Coral Sash Women's Boutique to honor her investment in the county.  Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Buy Photo Nita Alexa Hair Salon and South Lyon Theater seen on Lake Street, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in South Lyon.  Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 9 2 of 9 3 of 9 4 of 9 5 of 9 6 of 9 7 of 9 8 of 9 9 of 9 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Last  Tuesday, Mayor John Galeas Jr. and City Manager Lynne Ladner didn’t just cut a ribbon for one or two new stores. They scissored through a blue ribbon stretched right across their downtown’s main artery, Lake Street, blocking traffic just long enough to mark what they called a grand opening for, well, the whole quaint little downtown. "We've had 17 businesses either open or expand significantly in the last year," Ladner said. Buy Photo Phil Weipert, Oakland County Commissioner, right, presents a proclamation from Oakland County Board of Commissioners to Karen Backus, co-owner of The Coral Sash Women's Boutique to honor her investment in the county, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in South Lyon.  (Photo: Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press) And South Lyon isn't alone. Selected older downtowns in many locations are bouncing back, reinventing themselves while some of the nation's most familiar retail names like Kmart, Sports Authority and Borders have either gone bankrupt or seem headed that way. "It's very nice to see the pendulum swinging our way," said Jerry Dettloff, executive director of the Michigan Downtown Association, a statewide group that promotes traditional shopping districts from Allen Park to Zeeland. Buy Photo A banner displays on a street lamp on Lake Street, Tuesday, May 23, 2017 in South Lyon.  (Photo: Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press) "If you look at age groups, the millennials are looking for places to hang out, and the slightly older people with families want the experience of being together," Dettloff said. Since the Great Recession waned, new businesses as well as apartments and condos have popped up in numerous small downtowns — from some of Detroit's close-in suburbs to ex-urban spots reaching north and west as far as Michigan's summer colonies, he said. "But it doesn't just happen. You need somebody — a person, a group, an organization — that supports your existing businesses and recruits the right kind of new ones, the kind that will do well," Dettloff said. Read more: Construction begins on new South Lyon Hotel Vibrant downtowns are perfect fits for technology firms In Macomb County, "we're seeing this happening in quite a few locations," said Jon Paul Rea, Macomb County director of Planning and Economic Development. Private investment in Utica, boosted by state-issued brownfield tax credits, turned an old landfill into a $15-million minor league ball field, unleashing a small storm of new bars, restaurants and ice cream spots.    St. Clair Shores continues to leverage its nautical theme with plans to increase public access to its waterfront while incentivizing new restaurants and condominium construction tied to the business district's lakefront location, Rea said. In Wayne County, a big success story is Grosse Pointe Park's linear downtown on Kercheval, where empty storefronts, a vacant gas station and nearly defunct church have become a bakery, chic restaurant and microbrewery, respectively. For South Lyon, it was no easy task to take on the swarm of big box  stores beckoning a quick freeway spin west in Brighton, and Novi’s glittering 12 Oaks Mall 15 miles to the east, not to mention the siren call of  Internet marketers from every computer screen and smartphone, South Lyon City Councilwoman Maggie Kurtzweil said. "I'll tell you, three years ago this downtown was a dust bowl. Our vacancy rate was high," Kurtzweil said. Reviving the shopping district fell to Bob Donohue, the city's economic development director, who also heads the merchant-driven Downtown Development Authority. Donohue — on the job for just a year and in a new position for the city, after two decades overseeing downtown redevelopment for Oakland County — said South Lyon's downtown has grabbed onto  "the three key ingredients for success — place, products and personal service." Those elements can work in any commercial district, but they especially allow an aging one to leverage its assets. That means restoring vintage buildings and creating a pedestrian-friendly setting for a special feeling of small-town "place"; encouraging a mix of unique retailers and services, with few or no chain outlets, to offer unusual products and brands that can't be found at, say, a mall or big box store; and providing training for entrepreneurs about giving "absolutely unmatched, over-the-top customer service," Donohue said. Oh, and by the way, it doesn't hurt to have convenient parking — which in South Lyon, is free, right on the street. A big part of the evolution of downtowns is acknowledging that Americans do have many options for shopping but they can't eat out or try new cocktails on the Internet. That's led numerous downtowns of all sizes to welcome bars, restaurants and nightclubs — to excess, Donohue said. "I think some communities are beginning to see it's a mistake to overload on bars and restaurants" because doing that drives up lease rates and can make a downtown nothing but a pricey dining destination, vulnerable to economic downturns, he said.  "A well-managed downtown should have a mix" of dining, bars, retailers and services, "but that said, we need one or two upscale restaurants here in South Lyon — and I'm looking," Donohue said. A boutique-sized eatery could tuck nicely into any one of South Lyon's beautifully restored, circa-1900 storefronts.   After this week's ribbon cutting, Oakland County Treasurer Andy Meisner craned his neck at the downtown's movie-set aura and couldn't help but cheerlead. "You certainly can't experience this feeling on Amazon," Meisner said.  Contact Bill Laitner: blaitner@freepress.com 835 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2rqfGmj
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart to webcast Annual Meeting of Shareholders and its question and answer session with the investment community BENTONVILLE, Ark., May 26, 2017 — Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will host its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Friday, June 2, as well as its question and answer session with the investment community. A live webcast of both sessions will be available at stock.walmart.com. The shareholders meeting will begin at 8 a.m. CDT and will conclude at approximately 11 a.m. CDT. The question and answer session with the investment community, led by Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon, will begin at approximately 12:15 p.m. CDT. To access the live webcast of the session directly, click here. A transcript will also be available on Friday, June 2 on the company’s website. Additionally, shareholders can stay informed by following @WalmartNewsroom on Twitter and can join the conversation by using #WalmartShares. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kuwaiti Agility/PWC and TSC Pay $95 Million to U.S. Government and Give Up Claims To Settle Whistleblower Claims For Overcharging and Kickbacks for U.S. Soldiers’ Food During Iraq Wars Next PostNext Global Retail Ready Packaging (RRP) Market Estimated High Revenue by 2016-2024 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart to webcast Annual Meeting of Shareholders and its question and answer session with the investment community BENTONVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will host its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Friday, June 2, as well as its question and answer session with the investment community. A live webcast of both sessions will be available at stock.walmart.com. The shareholders meeting will begin at 8 a.m. CDT and will conclude at approximately 11 a.m. CDT. The question and answer session with the investment community, led by Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon, will begin at approximately 12:15 p.m. CDT. To access the live webcast of the session directly, click here. A transcript will also be available on Friday, June 2 on the company’s website. Additionally, shareholders can stay informed by following @WalmartNewsroom on Twitter and can join the conversation by using #WalmartShares. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious A-Glass Fiber Market Analysis and In-Depth Analysis on Market Dynamics, Emerging Trends, Growth Factors and Sales Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext OIAC Applauds Senate Committee on Foreign Relations on Passing Iran Bill to Hold the Regime Accountable Search Recent Posts Wonder Woman In 3D Crushed The Box Office With Approximately 43% Of Estimated $223 Million Worldwide In 3D Ticket Sales CAIR-Columbus to Seek Hate Crime Probe, Arrest of Suspect Following Beating of Ohio Muslim Woman Halozyme Phase 2 Data In Advanced Pancreas Cancer Featured In An Oral Presentation At ASCO Foreign Language Courses to Begin: Chinese, German, Japanese, Tagalog Saori Erickson Senior Recital Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Kiosks, Tablets, and Mobile Orders Coming to a Restaurant Near You From McDonald’s “Experience of the Future” to Panera 2.0, the restaurant industry is investing heavily in technology as a means of reducing costs and improving the dining experience. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) May 26, 2017 at 3:15PM In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Vincent Shen and Fool.com contributor Daniel Kline talk about some of the most interesting intersections between technology and the restaurant industry, and how they might shake out in the coming decade. Find out how kiosk and tablet ordering can increase sales, where employees fit into the automation question, and how different companies are approaching mobile orders and more. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 16, 2017. Vincent Shen: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. I'm your host, Vincent Shen, now making my second visit to the studio for today, this time joined by Dan Kline. We're pre-recording this episode, which will air Tuesday, May 23rd. Thanks for stopping by, Dan. Daniel Kline: We're coming to you from the past, but talking about the future, so it's very confusing.  Shen: You had some issues getting to Fool HQ this time around. Kline: I was three miles from the airport, about 45 minutes from my house, when my low-pressure light comes on. Being the responsible fellow I am, I decide I'll pull over to the righthand lane. Boom, my right front tire blows up. I have no idea what happened. Fortunately, AAA said they would be there in 45 minutes. Two hours and 45 minutes later, they showed up. I missed my flight, I had to fly to a different airport, but I did eventually get here, all for you. Shen: Dan, I was giving you an opportunity to say that you rolled up your sleeves yourself, jacked the car up, changed the tire. Kline: Here's the sad thing. One, I couldn't have done that, because I was on a highway with absolutely no room. But I could have been in a parking lot, and I still couldn't have done that. The guy from AAA asked me, "Do you have a spare?" I was like, "I don't know?" I said, "I have a trunk? There's a possibility." Shen: Regardless, I'm glad that you can make it. It's always really nice to have you in studio. Fools, our focus for this episode will be technology in the restaurant sector. Before we get into that, Dan, you cover a ton of wireless companies and cable companies, too. You cover them quite extensively. Last week, I spoke with Asit a little bit about the partnership that Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) entered with Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) to unite their very significant resources, as they get into the wireless business. Xfinity Mobile from Comcast is expected to hit the market soon. What are your thoughts? Kline: I think it's a major uphill battle. On paper, it makes sense. Just like when any of those companies, any of the cable companies, decide to sell home alarms, there's a logic of, they have the customer base, they already have an install force. But it never works that well, because the reality is, all Americans that want mobile phones have mobile phones. And while there is some churn, the four major wireless carriers are really well setup to bring your number over, to bribe you to make the change. So just because you're going to pay a little less, you're going to get $5 or $10 back in credit, whatever it works out being with the bundling, I just don't see too many people. And while not all the details are out, these systems tend to be limited, where it's just the iPhone. I think in this case, it is just the iPhone so far. And consumers are used to choices. So I don't think it's necessarily going to be a failure in terms of, will it add some bottom line for these companies for relatively little effort on their part. But I don't think this becomes the fifth wireless carrier that gets up to, T-Mobile is in 70-something million homes, I'm guessing at that number, but T-Mobile plus Sprint is right around where AT&T and Verizon are. I don't think it becomes even a blip on that. It'll be a few million people if they're lucky. Shen: Sure. As far as I know, from what I could find out about the offering, iPhone is definitely the focus, but they mentioned a few other flagship devices will be available from competing handset makers like Samsung. But, don't you feel like, in terms of sheer resources, if there's any company that's going to try and get into the very competitive wireless space, Comcast is in a position where they can throw their weight around. Kline: I think they should buy Sprint. If you want to get into this space and you're Comcast, just get into this space. Then make a Sprint movie and have a Sprint ride at Universal Studios, have the can you hear me now guy, where he says now I'm talking, or whatever it is, have him in a TV series on NBC. I don't really get this playing around the edges. Cablevision did this. When Cablevision did it, it was much more based on wifi and being as cheap as possible in terms of using the airwaves, which is part of what Comcast and Charter are doing but only part of it. And it was very incremental. It was for parents who wanted a third phone for their child but didn't necessarily want to spend the real money. It's very hard to make people switch from something that works. I have T-Mobile, I'm not sure what you have. Shen: I have Straight Talk, which is essentially AT&T, similar service to this, in a way, piggybacking off of a major carrier. Kline: Right. I know that I get better offers. Sprint and T-Mobile are perpetually battling each other. If I'm happy, I'm not going to change. You have to mail your phones back and go to a store and fill out paperwork, it's not simple, and I'm not going to deal with it just to give Charter more money. Charter is still one of the least liked companies out there. I don't think people are clamoring to do more business --  Shen: Along with Comcast, no less. Kline: Yeah, I don't think people are going, "Oh, I really want to give these guys a bigger chunk of my business!" Shen: OK. Well, I wanted to get your first impressions on this. Once it launches and we have more information, maybe some first-hand experience from subscribers, we'll talk about it more, see if it's having any impact for the business -- Kline: Yeah, we'll test it. My mom lives in a Comcast van at home, so we'll try to get a phone and see what it looks like. Shen: There you go. Moving on to our main topic, we have restaurants. Specifically within this space, the role of technology. For any Fools who have been following this sector, you've seen in headlines recently that restaurants have struggled with some low traffic, declining same-store sales from a period of overexpansion, but I was thinking about this in relation to these other industries that I've talked about today, with you and earlier in the studio with Adam, the fact that department stores, on the one hand, and cable companies, they face some existential threats. You have e-commerce on one hand, you have various streaming internet alternatives on the other for cable companies. I think the restaurant industry is interesting because fast-casual might take share from quick service, the broad industry might see weakness due to excessive expansion, like in this case. But in the end, people have to eat, they love eating out. And as a result, I think execution becomes a really clear differentiator between different chains, and there's not as much of an industry boogeyman that you can pin your problems to. But on the flip side, you have the success stories, and some of the big trends I get excited for the restaurant industry include loyalty programs, restaurants trying to source ingredients locally, and also, there's technology. That's where we will focus. I think previously, we spoke about how robots, for example, eliminate the need for human employees all together. But a lot of the technology initiatives that we'll talk about today seem to be previews of how that might work. Kline: I think if you look at some of the technology we're talking about, what you're really focusing on is, restaurant sales overall are down a little bit, 1% or 2%. It's not anywhere near the retail drop. So you're looking here and saying, I'm Chipotle (NYSE:CMG), or McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), or whatever the chain is -- how do I maximize my business? What's worked, and it's worked for Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) and Panera, and we've talked about this before, is mobile ordering. I think mobile ordering at Chipotle makes a ton of sense and will be a game changer. When I say game changer, I mean a 2% to 3% net sales gain. It's not suddenly going to explode their business. But if you walk into a Chipotle -- and we've both done this -- and there's 10 people in line ahead of you, you might leave, because it's slow. So what a lot of Chipotles have done is set up a second production line in the store, and if you order from the app, your food will be ready when you get there. And they're having all the same execution problems Starbucks had. The people at the front don't know where the order is, have you paid, how do you handle it, do you pick it up. But all that will get sorted out, that's just growing pains and retail training, which is not an easy thing to do. So I think at your higher-end places like Chipotle that have lines, that's actually going to allow them to serve more customers during peak hours.  At a place like McDonald's, I think ultimately, there's a gain in taking workers out of the equation. But in the short-term, maybe there's some drive-thru benefit to being able to order and pick up, not going through the line. But in a McDonald's, I don't see as big a benefit when most things are not made to order, and it's sort of a production line, of even if you want a pretty special order, it's coming out quickly. So there's not really a major need to cut that. So McDonald's will gain eventually from technology, but in the short-term, I think you're going to see some of your higher-volume fast casual places like Chipotle, as you've seen with Panera, really benefit from this technology. Shen: Yeah. And we're definitely still, I think, in the early stages of the launch and the testing phases for a lot of the companies that are dipping toes into this. There are companies like Domino's (NYSE:DPZ), which are turning this into an art for themselves, and really juicing their quarterly results, seeing tons of growth with the technology and how they implemented it really well. With Chipotle, you mentioned the second make line, I think they call it, they're calling it "smarter pickup times". They've been able to quantify some of the benefits in that this better management of their digital orders, they give them more accurate estimates of when orders will be ready. In some of their testing, they mentioned that digital order wait times decreased as much as 50%. Restaurant staff have better tools to essentially manage this channel, like you mentioned, during peak business times. If they have a bottleneck, in terms of those peak hours and how many people they can serve, this can alleviate some of that, then that does flow through to their top and bottom line. Kline: And there's a major customer service benefit. If you call Domino's -- back in the old days when you called Domino's. I'm sure your generation now is Snapchatting Domino's and then paying via Venmo. Shen: Exactly. Kline: But back when you used to call Domino's, if they told you your pizza was going to be an hour, you went, "OK, my pizza will be an hour." If in an hour, your pizza showed up, you were satisfied. So I was talking with you earlier. I use the Pei Wei app. The Pei Wei app is pretty innovative in that you can completely customize any order. If you want sweet and sour chicken with no sweet and sour sauce, hold the chicken, you can do that. And you can put in what time you want to pick it up. I was picking up, it was maybe 5:20, so I put in 5:40, that was the distance from my house. And the app came back and said, "Your time has been adjusted to 5:50." And I went, OK, no problem, I'll leave 10 minutes later versus if I had been at the store, waited in line, placed my order, I would have been there for 30 minutes. So it was an absolute benefit of my time, better customer service, and it will make me much more likely to go back. And I think that's where you're starting to see some of the value in these. Pei Wei is a higher end fast casual concept that can take quite a while in a line. Shen: So we've talked so far about Chipotle, Pei Wei, in your experience. I think those are places where the food quality may be up a tier, they're bringing in plenty of customers in that regard. Going to the more fast casual side, where a company like McDonald's -- Kline: The more fast food side. Shen: Yeah, the fast food side. Bringing out their "Experience of the Future", they're dubbing it, testing with kiosks for ordering, technology that allows their employees to bring food to your tableside. McDonald's management has cited that 500 million orders were lost to their direct fast food competitors in the past few years, due to their issues they faced. The thing with McDonald's is, they saw quite a nice bump, at least relative to their more stable industry in their business, due to all day breakfast. That has essentially dissipated. Do you think that technology in this regard can help them overcome some concerns that there always are, in terms of food quality? Kline: It's eventually going to help them overcome some costs. That, we've covered. In the short term, we've talked about this personally but I'm not sure if we've talked about it on the show, if I walk into McDonald's and I want a Big Mac with no special sauce, with an extra slice of cheese, with four pickles, not three, and I try to tell that to the human being behind the counter, who may be a college kid, may be a go-getter, super smart, they've been working at McDonald's for seven hours at that point, they don't care that I want four pickles. So if that goes into a kiosk, not only is there a much easier ability for the person -- eventually robot -- making that hamburger to get it right, and a record for if they don't get it right, for me to hand them a receipt, to say, "This wasn't supposed to have ketchup." So I think you're going to see a subtle but important improvement, especially on drive-thru where there is nothing worse than, you order your 10-piece McNuggets, your large fries, and you get home with your drive-thru back and open it up and it's someone else's Big Mac that you don't want. So I think this is going to eliminate a lot of that pain point, and that will absolutely have an impact on the bottom line, but it's not as direct as, "Boy, the line is long, now I can serve twice as many people." Shen: Yeah. I will add, in addition to McDonald's, Wendy's announced earlier this year that they would install kiosks at about 1,000 of their locations by the end of this year. They've cited similar things that we've talked about, reducing labor costs, for example. But on the Panera side, Panera 2.0, some things management has said that I think make it really interesting, in terms of the lift in ticket size that you can get from these kiosks, there is a quote from, I don't know if it was somebody in their management, but I found this quote that basically said, "People who order at a kiosk will generally spend about twice as long ordering with that kiosk than they do if they're speaking directly to a cashier." What that ultimately means or leads to is more opportunities for upselling -- every time you place an order for a salad, do you want to pair that with a soup? You order a coffee, do you want to pair that with a donut? Then, they're able to customize their orders, and ultimately get larger tickets. Domino's has spoken to this as well with their apps. People upsell themselves. When they're ordering a pizza, they add things to it that they wouldn't otherwise if ordering by the phone. Kline: And it takes away shame. If I'm at Starbucks, and there's a person, I'm going to buy black coffee, room for cream. If I'm ordering on my own, I'm like, "I'll have a Unicorn Frappuccino with extra chocolate chips, could you grind up a pie in that?" So, I think there's a level where, if I'm ordering Domino's and I'm a person talking to a person, I might be like, "I'll have a medium pizza with pepperoni, please." If I'm on my own, bacon, pepperoni, sausage, and put another pizza on top of it. So you get into some impulse control issues. And I think there might be some technology ability going forward to manage calories and things like that, in a way that you'll still spend, but maybe not make the stupid decisions I just described. But, yeah, absolutely, if you don't have to interact with another human being, you're going to order more. You might get that soda you'd be embarrassed to buy from a person, or the dessert, or whatever it is. Shen: I think trying to quantify some of these things, some of the benefits we see, beyond the labor cost, the large ticket sizes, the fact that people order more, and the fact that if you order exactly what you want and you're not worried about it because you're on a kiosk, you're not worried about telling the cashier about all the different customizations that you want to make, you'll enjoy the food more. And maybe that leads to better loyalty to that chain, or whatever it is. Kline: It's also about removing uncomfortableness. We've talked a lot about this, we both like all sorts of different ethnic food. If I'm an American and I've never had Thai or Korean or Japanese or whatever, and I walk in and it says, whatever the local name is, it says Pad See Ew, and I'm like, "I don't know what that is. Is that chicken? Is that noodles?" If it says Pad See Ew, they're noodles with this and that and that. Or, an empanada, here's what an empanada is, and it lays it out. Shen: Or, if it's spicy, and you worried about that -- Kline: Right, where you want to remove the spice, or allergen concerns, or whatever it is, the more of that you can make not embarrassing -- as someone who has a food allergy, I hate walking into a restaurant, and I have cousins who have very serious peanut allergies, so you have to make a big deal out of it. If that could just be something that I could automate and still know they were going to be safe and things were going to be done, it would make times I cook at home times I go out to restaurants. Shen: Sure. So we have these kiosks, and we have, even beyond the mobile ordering, which obviously, hopefully, can help some of these restaurants during the peak hours speed customers through, increase their volume. The idea of some of these tablets that restaurants are also outfitting some of their tables with. This is more of a sit-down experience. Kline: I love this. They've been doing this at Chili's for quite a while. We went to Smokey Bones, a BBQ chain, this weekend. The waitress was clearly harried. She had too many tables, she was very stressed out. And the fact that I could order a drink and it would show up and it wouldn't be the waitress, it would be someone else bringing it, and that at the end of the night, I could pay and not have to request a check -- it's little things like that that make the experience. And you don't want that at a nice steak house. You're not going to drop $200 on dinner and check out on a tablet that you could play Space Invaders on. That was a bizarre game to pick, nobody plays Space Invaders anymore. But my expectations at Chili's are not for fine dining, they're give me my baby back ribs and fries and get me out of there pretty quickly, bring me another drink. So it really eases the experience. Shen: And a lot of restaurants that have outfitted their tables with these tablets have found that people are more likely to order the ancillary items, higher instances of customers ordering dessert, coffee, other drinks. Those are all nice margin boosters for those businesses. Kline: There's a window. If you're a restaurant, there's a period between the end of dinner and the feeling of fullness when people will buy dessert. They often regret desert by the time it shows up. That's why most restaurants have a to-go container for desserts you shouldn't have ordered. But if the waitress is too busy or misses that window, or I would have had another beer if she got to me 10 minutes into my meal, but at 20 minutes into the meal I'm like, "Oh, I'm driving too soon," or, "Maybe I don't need to spend this money." So there's an amazing ability to give me every impulse if I'm sitting there and finish my gin and tonic and want another one, I just hit the button and there it comes whereas if I had that extra five minutes of reflection, maybe I would go, this is a bad idea. Shen: An overarching theme, in terms of some of the technology we've had, eliminating the need for an employee, or someone to actually be the cashier, to be the server, also maybe minimizing some of the inconsistency that you can get in terms of the service experience. I want to end the show, though, on a bit of irony. You brought this up before we filmed, and I thought it was really interesting. Some reports that we have from insiders in the fast food industry, various recruiters for these companies who are running into a lot of problems, actually, staffing restaurants, and reducing some of the turnover that we see, which is at record levels right now, and keeping well-trained employees there. The management team at Chipotle, for example, has spoken about how they lost sight of that service side, about keeping restaurants clean, keeping the beverage and fountain machine clean, napkins off tables, trash off tables. I just thought it was interesting that, on the one hand, if you look out 10 to 20 years, you have this idea that you're going to eliminate the need for these employees entirely. But right now, even as they're testing things like these kiosks and tablets, which help eliminate the need, they're also running into issues keeping the restaurant staffed. The median wage for fast-food work in this country is $8 to $9 per hour. But Wal-Mart, just two years ago -- Kline: Went to $10. Shen: -- went to $10 across the country. Across their entire network of stores, at the minimum. They're running into this competition across all of retail. Kline: And I think you're seeing a justification for the companies that invested in employees. If you look at a Starbucks, which has healthcare and the college benefits, their turnover is less. I worked in retail, I ran a store. Just teaching someone all the procedures to run the register took months before they were good at it. If you're integrating someone onto the line at Chipotle, or working the fry later and knowing the procedural manual to clean the shake machine at McDonald's, which is horrifying, my wife having worked there in college -- that's not ice cream. But there's a huge opportunity cost. If you have been paying better all along, you might have actually been able to do it with less workers. Now, you're seeing a bit of a hierarchy. If I'm a worker at Dunkin' Donuts, I might be able to get hired at Starbucks, which will treat me better. If I'm a Taco Bell worker, maybe I can go to Chipotle or Starbucks. And you're going to start seeing the bottom of the chain -- during the last time we had a boom economy, my wife and I used to joke that you would go to the Dunkin' Donuts and the people working there would just point, and you wouldn't get what you wanted, but eventually they would get to something you like, and you would just take that anyway. And you're going to start to see real differences in service. As a country, you can argue what full employment means. But on a technical basis, we're at full employment, or right close to it, meaning there's not a huge pool of people -- there might be lots of people looking for better jobs, but there's not a huge pool of people looking for entry-level jobs. So you're going to start to see more teenagers. Starbucks doesn't hire a lot of 16 year olds in most markets. But you're probably going to see people like that, younger people, get some of these jobs, which can be good, but it's also a training issue, it's a scheduling issue because they can only work so many hours, they can't work during school, they can't work late at night. This is going to be a major factor, and for successful chains, it's going to force automation. Shen: Yeah. And we've talked before about how, ultimately, labor costs for a lot of these major chains, as much as 25% to 30% of their cost structure is there. It's interesting, trying to see them commit to this balancing act that they have, of making sure that right now, where they're not at the point where they can automate everything, having their employees be trained well, making sure the service experience is positive, and keeping customers coming back. Kline: I think if you're a worker -- I'm not 15 anymore, but I have a 13 year old child, and if he told me he wanted to be a manager someday of a restaurant chain, I would tell him to look at the ones that have a commitment to people. Starbucks has endlessly said and proven that with automation, they're not looking to replace workers, they're looking to shift the labor flow into production, meaning that there's always going to be an art to building a latte. Yes, you can go to Wawa and get a latte made by a machine, but that's not the same as one built by a person. If Starbucks is saying, "Yeah, we may not have order takers who are people, but we're absolutely going to have customer service and baristas and product experts, and we're going to put in these upscale bars, and you'll be incentivized to learn more about coffee," well, those are the chains that are going to attract whatever worker pool there is. And I think McDonald's is going to automate, because it's a difficult job, there's some upward mobility but it's still a hot, sweaty, unpleasant place to work, for the most part. It's all going to sort itself out, as long as the economy stays strong. Shen: OK. Any final points, Dan, before we roll up here? Kline: I'm kind of hungry. Where are we going? We're thinking Shake Shack later. [laughs]  Shen: I would love that. Thanks again for joining us. Thank you, Fools, for tuning in. Remember, you can always reach out to Dan, me, the entire Industry Focus crew via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus, or send any questions to industryfocus@fool.com. Don't forget to check out our other podcasts at podcasts.fool.com. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear during the program. Thank you! Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill, Starbucks, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool owns shares of Panera Bread. The Motley Fool is short Shake Shack. The Motley Fool recommends T-Mobile US. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info May 26, 2017 at 3:15PM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $153.74 up $1.35 (0.89%) Chipotle Mexican Grill NYSE:CMG $478.07 down $-5.53 (-1.14%) Starbucks NASDAQ:SBUX $64.57 up $0.82 (1.29%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $41.99 up $0.33 (0.79%) Domino's Pizza NYSE:DPZ $218.05 up $2.71 (1.26%) Charter Communications NASDAQ:CHTR $353.03 up $6.64 (1.92%) Read More How Zynga Inc. Gained 21.8% in May 3 Value Stocks for Smart Investors 3 Dividend Stocks for Daring Investors Why Etsy Inc Stock Jumped 25% Last Month 3 Dividend Stocks for Bold Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Kiosks, Tablets, and Mobile Orders Coming to a Restaurant Near You @themotleyfool #stocks $MCD, $CMG, $SBUX, $CMCSA, $DPZ, $CHTR
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 65° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Clear. Tonight A clear sky. Low 59F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Recalls this week: ride-on toys, spinner toys, furniture By The Associated Press May 26, 2017 0 Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here's a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as "MMDDYYYY," are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in color and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. LIGHT-UP SPINNER TOYS DETAILS: Children's battery-powered, light-up spinner toys sold in two themes: Easter and July 4th. They were sold at Hobby Lobby and Mardel stores nationwide from February 2017 to April 2017. The Easter-themed toys were sold in blue with a pink bunny on the dome and yellow with a yellow and orange chicken on the dome. The July 4th spinners are red with white stars painted on the blue dome. "Hobby Lobby" and item number 9130033 or 9130082 is printed on the spinner handle. The spinners are powered by three LR44 coin cell batteries. WHY: The battery cover can detach and expose the small coin cell batteries, posing choking and ingestion hazards to young children. INCIDENTS: One report of a 14-month-old child who ingested the battery. An x-ray was conducted and the battery passed through. HOW MANY: About 43,000. FOR MORE: Call Hobby Lobby Stores at 800-326-7931 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit www.hobbylobby.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WICKER FURNITURE DETAILS: The Pier 1 Imports Temani collection, which includes a chair, settee and ottoman. The furniture has a Pier 1 Imports logo on the underside of each chair, settee and ottoman. The recall involves the chair with SKU 2769765, settee with SKU 2860548 and Ottoman with SKU 2769778. They were sold at Pier 1 Imports stores nationwide and at www.Pier1.com from March 2014 to April 2017. WHY: The paint used on the wicker furniture can contain excessive levels of lead, which is a violation of the federal lead paint standard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 2,500 in the U.S. and about 75 sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Pier 1 Imports at 855-513-5140 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT Saturday, or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Sunday or visit www.Pier1.com and click on "Product Notes & Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WALL SCONCES DETAILS: Rejuvenation Cypress and Imbrie model articulated wall sconces. The wall sconces have articulating jointed arms and adjustable shades in various colors and finishes. They were sold in plug-in (also called pin-up) and hard wired versions. Each sconce has a label located inside the canopy of the sconce that contains the SKU number, configuration ID, manufacturing date and production order number. The following SKU numbers are included in the recall and are printed on the production label: A1327, A1328, A1329, A1330, A1331, A1332, A9591, A9592, A9593, A9594, A9595, A9596, A3621, A3622, A3625, A3626, A3623, A3624. They were sold at Rejuvenation stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The joint of the articulating arm can pinch or cut the electrical wire causing it to fray, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: Four reports of the wires of the sconces being pinched or fraying. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 1,055. FOR MORE: Call Rejuvenation at 855-347-2143 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@rejuvenation.com or visit www.rejuvenation.com and click on "Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. OFFICE CHAIRS DETAILS: This recall involves office chairs with a Leggett & Platt Office Components LP01 synchro slider mechanism. The slider mechanism allows the user to adjust the seat depth. They were sold at Costco, OfficeMax, Office Depot, Staples and other furniture stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, OfficeDepot.com, Staples.com, Walmart.com and other online stores from July 2015 through February 2017. The sliders were sold on five brands of office chairs: Hon, Hugg, JSI, Sitmatic and Via Seating. More details can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Office-Chairs-Recalled-by-Leggett-Platt-Office-Components . WHY: Seat slider bolts and push nuts can disconnect and fall from the chair, which could cause the seat to detach from the chair, posing a fall hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 47,900 in the U.S. and about 1,000 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Leggett & Platt at 844-516-3615 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to LP01service@leggett.com or visit www.lpworkfurniture.com and click on "Product Recall" at the top of the page. DIGITAL CLAMP METERS DETAILS: Extech digital clamp meters with model numbers EX650, EX655, MA160, MA61, and MA63. These models are all AC/DC clamp meters, which are electrical testing devices that measure AC/DC voltage, resistance, capacitance, frequency, temperature, continuity, and diode. Serial numbers in the following format are included in the recall: R15XXXXXXX to R17XXXXXXX. The "EXTECH" logo and the model number are printed on the front of the unit and the serial number on the back. They were sold at Grainger, Platt Electric Supply stores and industrial and electrical distributors and wholesalers nationwide and online at Amazon.com and other websites from January 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The meters can fail to give an accurate voltage reading, resulting in the operator falsely believing the electrical power is low or off, posing an electrocution hazard. INCIDENTS: Two reports of clamp meters displaying an incorrect voltage reading. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: 1,700 in the U.S. and 20 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Extech at 855-239-8324 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to meter.recall@extech.com, or visit www.extech.com and click on "Safety Notices" at the bottom of the page. LAWN MOWERS DETAILS: Kobalt and Greenworks brands of cordless electric walk-behind lawn mowers. The recalled lawn mowers have four wheels (two smaller ones in the front and two larger ones in the back), a 40-volt max lithium ion battery and a deck width of 20 inches. Both models have a large label on the rear bag door area with a serial number, model number and date code. The Kobalt brand mowers also have an item number on the label. "Kobalt" or "Greenworks" is printed on the side of the bag. Kobalt model number KM2040X-06 and Greenworks G-Max model number 25302 are included in the recall. They were sold at Lowe's and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Lowes.com and other websites from May 2014 through July 2016. WHY: The circuit board in the lawn mower can short circuit and catch fire, posing a fire hazard to users. INCIDENTS: 12 reported incidents with the recalled lawn mowers including 5 reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Hongkong Sun Rise Trading at 888-266-7096 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET any day or visit www.greenworkstools.com and click on "Important Safety Notice" at the bottom of the page. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Lifestyle Personal Finance Toys Recreation And Leisure Child Product Recalls Child Product Safety Product Safety Products And Services Corporate News Product Recalls × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Coulee Bank plans to expand into Holmen Creekside Grill & Pub opens in former Fieldhouse location Gasterland to succeed Sturm as Coulee Bank CEO next spring Local officials are optimistic about summer tourism season Convenience store Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home Weather 72° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Watch: Suspects caught on camera using stolen credit cards Sugar Land police are looking for three people who used credit cards stolen at stores in First Colony Mall in April. KHOU.com , KHOU 1:29 PM. CDT May 26, 2017 Sugar Land police are looking for three people who used credit cards stolen at stores in First Colony Mall in April. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SUGAR LAND, Texas - Sugar Land police are looking for three people who used credit cards stolen at stores in First Colony Mall in April. According to the Sugar Land Police Department, a woman told police she placed her wallet containing cash and credits cards on a counter while working at Dillard's on April 10 at 12:30 p.m.  She was unable to locate the wallet 30 minutes later. Her bank card was used to make unauthorized purchases at Walmart, 345 Highway 6, at 3:30 p.m. the same day.  She contacted police on April 18. Police reviewed surveillance video at Walmart and saw a black female wearing a blonde wig, glasses, a beige shirt and tan pants use the stolen credit card.  The suspect was accompanied by another black female wearing a beanie hat, glasses and a blue/white shirt with the number "88."  They exited the store and left in a grey, four-door Mercedes. Another woman told police she placed her purse containing a bank card, credit cards and other personal items in a cabinet under a register while working at Macy's on April 18. Her bank notified her about suspicious activity on her card at 9 p.m. She returned to the cabinet, and her purse was gone.  She later discovered her card was used at a Shell gas station, 1484 State Highway 6.  A review of surveillance video from Shell showed two woman using the stolen card. One of the women was also seen on video using a stolen card at Walmart. A third woman told police she arrived to work at Chico`s on April 19 at 1 p.m.  She placed a purse containing cash, credit cards and other personal items in an unsecured locker.  Her husband contacted her later that evening to report unauthorized purchases that were made with one of her cards, including one at Target, 16300 Southwest Freeway.  She returned to the locker and her purse was missing. A review of surveillance footage at Target showed two women using the stolen card. They were the same two suspects who used a stolen card at Walmart. Anyone with information should call the Sugar Land Police Department at (281) 275-2540 or Fort Bend County Crime Stoppers at (281) 342-TIPS (8477). © 2017 KHOU-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Houston forecast for Sunday Meg Sullivan's Lunch Surprise Police respond to terror attacks on London Bridge, nearby market Houston Forecast for Sunday morning FPSF re-opens after weather delay HCSO: Deputy opens fire after suspect goes for gun Houston forecast for Sunday Woodlands dad locked up abroad finally home Family wants justice after young father beaten to death 2 injured, suspect arrested after car crashes in Humble home More Stories Community remembers man who died after being beaten… Jun. 4, 2017, 10:56 p.m. Remainder of Free Press Summer Festival canceled due… Jun. 4, 2017, 2:53 p.m. LONDON ATTACKS: 12 arrested, ISIS claims responsibility Jun. 3, 2017, 4:46 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-05-26 05:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-26 23:16:14 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Tags: Freebies Posted May 26 Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18B9M Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Most Memorial Day sales are about saving you money. With Swagbucks, you'll earn money too! Right now, they are offering increased cash back (in the form of SB points) at several of your favorite merchants. If you haven't heard of Swagbucks, when you shop there you get cash back in the form of SB points for every dollar you spend. Then you redeem those points for gift cards to places like Amazon, PayPal, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, and more! Plus, if you've signed up through my links HERE, at some point this month (or do it now), you'll get a $2 (200 SB) bonus added to your account when you spend $25 or more through Swagbucks Shop before the first of June! You can earn SB in all sorts of ways, including discovering deals and trying new products/services, watching videos, taking surveys, or just searching the web! Get your shopping done early AND get points for it! Offers last through Monday, May 29th, 2017. See all the sales and bonus SB points at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks 1 Swagbucks Memorial Day Sale Swagbucks.com website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 26, 1:47 p.m. ascherer - you are welcome!! QUOTE Report as abuse ascherer May 26, 1:32 p.m. Faye - Thanks QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Recalls this week: ride-on… Recalls this week: ride-on toys, spinner toys, furniture By The Associated Press May 26, 2017 1:27 pm 8 min read Share Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here’s a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as “MMDDYYYY,” are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on “Product Recalls” at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in color and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. LIGHT-UP SPINNER TOYS DETAILS: Children’s battery-powered, light-up spinner toys sold in two themes: Easter and July 4th. They were sold at Hobby Lobby and Mardel stores nationwide from February 2017 to April 2017. The Easter-themed toys were sold in blue with a pink bunny on the dome and yellow with a yellow and orange chicken on the dome. The July 4th spinners are red with white stars painted on the blue dome. “Hobby Lobby” and item number 9130033 or 9130082 is printed on the spinner handle. The spinners are powered by three LR44 coin cell batteries. WHY: The battery cover can detach and expose the small coin cell batteries, posing choking and ingestion hazards to young children. INCIDENTS: One report of a 14-month-old child who ingested the battery. An x-ray was conducted and the battery passed through. HOW MANY: About 43,000. FOR MORE: Call Hobby Lobby Stores at 800-326-7931 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit www.hobbylobby.com and click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page. WICKER FURNITURE DETAILS: The Pier 1 Imports Temani collection, which includes a chair, settee and ottoman. The furniture has a Pier 1 Imports logo on the underside of each chair, settee and ottoman. The recall involves the chair with SKU 2769765, settee with SKU 2860548 and Ottoman with SKU 2769778. They were sold at Pier 1 Imports stores nationwide and at www.Pier1.com from March 2014 to April 2017. WHY: The paint used on the wicker furniture can contain excessive levels of lead, which is a violation of the federal lead paint standard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 2,500 in the U.S. and about 75 sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Pier 1 Imports at 855-513-5140 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT Saturday, or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Sunday or visit www.Pier1.com and click on “Product Notes & Recalls” at the bottom of the page. WALL SCONCES DETAILS: Rejuvenation Cypress and Imbrie model articulated wall sconces. The wall sconces have articulating jointed arms and adjustable shades in various colors and finishes. They were sold in plug-in (also called pin-up) and hard wired versions. Each sconce has a label located inside the canopy of the sconce that contains the SKU number, configuration ID, manufacturing date and production order number. The following SKU numbers are included in the recall and are printed on the production label: A1327, A1328, A1329, A1330, A1331, A1332, A9591, A9592, A9593, A9594, A9595, A9596, A3621, A3622, A3625, A3626, A3623, A3624. They were sold at Rejuvenation stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The joint of the articulating arm can pinch or cut the electrical wire causing it to fray, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: Four reports of the wires of the sconces being pinched or fraying. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 1,055. FOR MORE: Call Rejuvenation at 855-347-2143 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@rejuvenation.com or visit www.rejuvenation.com and click on “Safety Recalls” at the bottom of the page. OFFICE CHAIRS DETAILS: This recall involves office chairs with a Leggett & Platt Office Components LP01 synchro slider mechanism. The slider mechanism allows the user to adjust the seat depth. They were sold at Costco, OfficeMax, Office Depot, Staples and other furniture stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, OfficeDepot.com, Staples.com, Walmart.com and other online stores from July 2015 through February 2017. The sliders were sold on five brands of office chairs: Hon, Hugg, JSI, Sitmatic and Via Seating. More details can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Office-Chairs-Recalled-by-Leggett-Platt-Office-Components . WHY: Seat slider bolts and push nuts can disconnect and fall from the chair, which could cause the seat to detach from the chair, posing a fall hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 47,900 in the U.S. and about 1,000 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Leggett & Platt at 844-516-3615 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to LP01service@leggett.com or visit www.lpworkfurniture.com and click on “Product Recall” at the top of the page. DIGITAL CLAMP METERS DETAILS: Extech digital clamp meters with model numbers EX650, EX655, MA160, MA61, and MA63. These models are all AC/DC clamp meters, which are electrical testing devices that measure AC/DC voltage, resistance, capacitance, frequency, temperature, continuity, and diode. Serial numbers in the following format are included in the recall: R15XXXXXXX to R17XXXXXXX. The “EXTECH” logo and the model number are printed on the front of the unit and the serial number on the back. They were sold at Grainger, Platt Electric Supply stores and industrial and electrical distributors and wholesalers nationwide and online at Amazon.com and other websites from January 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The meters can fail to give an accurate voltage reading, resulting in the operator falsely believing the electrical power is low or off, posing an electrocution hazard. INCIDENTS: Two reports of clamp meters displaying an incorrect voltage reading. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: 1,700 in the U.S. and 20 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Extech at 855-239-8324 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to meter.recall@extech.com, or visit www.extech.com and click on “Safety Notices” at the bottom of the page. LAWN MOWERS DETAILS: Kobalt and Greenworks brands of cordless electric walk-behind lawn mowers. The recalled lawn mowers have four wheels (two smaller ones in the front and two larger ones in the back), a 40-volt max lithium ion battery and a deck width of 20 inches. Both models have a large label on the rear bag door area with a serial number, model number and date code. The Kobalt brand mowers also have an item number on the label. “Kobalt” or “Greenworks” is printed on the side of the bag. Kobalt model number KM2040X-06 and Greenworks G-Max model number 25302 are included in the recall. They were sold at Lowe’s and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Lowes.com and other websites from May 2014 through July 2016. WHY: The circuit board in the lawn mower can short circuit and catch fire, posing a fire hazard to users. INCIDENTS: 12 reported incidents with the recalled lawn mowers including 5 reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Hongkong Sun Rise Trading at 888-266-7096 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET any day or visit www.greenworkstools.com and click on “Important Safety Notice” at the bottom of the page. Related Topics Business News Lifestyle News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Recalls this week: ride-on… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
just-style home News & insights News US Q1 in brief – Zumiez, Express, Dollar General, Caleres By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 26 May 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent first-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Guess saw earnings fall on soft Americas sales, while Walmart delivered an encouraging start to the year thanks to higher sales. Kate Spade, meanwhile, saw earnings slump on the back of sales declines, while Hudson's Bay recorded comparable store declines on the back of lower domestic store traffic across all banners.  Zumiez Zumiez said it is on the right course to grow both sales and earnings to generate value for our shareholders, despite a widening of its net loss in the quarter. For the period ended 29 April, the company recorded a net loss of US$4.4m, compared to net loss of $2.1m in the prior year quarter. Net sales meanwhile, increased 4.7% to $181.2m from $173m last year. Comparable sales for the period were also up, rising 1.8% compared to a comparable sales decrease of 7.5% in the first quarter of 2016. Express Express said it is pleased with the recent trends in the business despite moving to a loss in the quarter. For the 13 weeks to 29 April, the company recorded a net loss of US$4.5m, compared to net income of $12.9m in the year-ago period, which included $11.4m of non-core expenses related to the amendment of the Times Square Flagship store lease. One-off charges in the first quarter of 2017,included $6.3m related to the exit of Canada. Net sales meanwhile, decreased 7% to $467m from $502.9m last year, while comparable sales (including e-commerce sales) decreased 10%, compared to a 3% decrease in the first quarter of 2016. E-commerce sales however, increased 27% year over year to $97.6m. CEO David Kornberg, said: "We are pleased with the recent trends in our business and believe that our initiatives are gaining traction in a challenging retail environment. E-commerce sales accelerated in the first quarter, increasing 27%, and are on track for another record year. Store performance is also showing sequential progress. This led to a comparable sales improvement as we moved through the first quarter, a trend that has continued into the second quarter." Dollar General Dollar General said it was pleased with its earnings results for the first quarter which reflect "solid management" of the business in a difficult retail environment. Net income dropped to US$279.5m for the period ended 5 May, compared to $295.1m last year. Net sales rose 6.5% to $5.61bn, with same store sales up 0.7%, driven by positive results in the consumables and apparel categories, partially offset by negative results in the home and seasonal categories. Gross margin meanwhile, slipped 34 basis points to  30.3% from 30.6%,  primarily attributable to higher markdowns for inventory clearance and promotional activities, a greater proportion of sales of consumables, which tend to have a lower gross profit rate as compared to non-consumables, and the mix within consumables.  CEO Todd Vasos, said: "We continue to execute on our focused strategy and implement our operating initiatives which we believe will improve customer traffic and transactions." Caleres First-quarter results from footwear retailer Caleres provided a "solid start" to the year, despite booking a drop in net earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 29 April, net earnings amounted to US$14.9m compared to $17.8m in the year-ago period. The company said its earnings for the quarter included $2.5m after-tax of expected charges related to the Allen Edmonds acquisition, integration and reorganisation of men's brands. Gross margin of 42.9% was up 52 basis points, while net sales were up 8% to $631.5m from $584.7m in the prior year. CEO Diane Sullivan said that despite the continued tough retail environment, "we are pleased with the performance of our Allen Edmonds acquisition, the success of our integration to date, and with our continued shift toward more balanced earnings contribution from both Famous Footwear and Brand Portfolio. And although retail continues to rapidly and significantly evolve, we remain on track for 2017." Genesco  Genesco said its first-quarter performance reflects a number of challenges, many of which were expected, early in the new fiscal year. For the three months ended 29 April, net earnings fell to US$885m from $10.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down, slipping 0.8% to $643m from $649m. Comparable sales, including same store sales and comparable e-commerce and catalog sales, decreased 1%, with a 5% decrease in the Journeys Group, a 1% increase in the Lids Sports Group, a 10% increase in the Schuh Group, and a 3% decrease in the Johnston & Murphy Group. Dollar Tree US discount retailer Dollar Tree saw its first-quarter net income slip US$32.2m to $200.5m, but sales increased 4% to $5.29bn from $5.09bn in the prior year period. Same-store sales for the Dollar Tree banner increased 2.5%. Gross margin edged up to 30.8% compared to 30.6% in the prior year, with improvement driven primarily by lower merchandise and freight costs, partially offset by higher markdowns. Abercrombie & Fitch Abercrombie & Fitch reported a net loss of US$61.7m in the first quarter, compared to net loss of $39.6m last year. Gross margin narrowed 130 basis points to 60.3%. Net sales slipped 4% to $661.1m from $685.5m in the year-ago period, while comparable sales were down 3%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 11% to $286.4m, while Hollister sales were up 3% to $374.7m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 4% to $409.1m in the US, and 3% to $252m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "While we anticipate the second quarter environment to remain promotional, we expect results to improve further in the second half of the year, as we see returns from our strategic investments in marketing and omnichannel."Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 11% to $286.4m, while Hollister sales were up 3% to $374.7m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 4% to $409.1m in the US, and 3% to $252m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "While we anticipate the second quarter environment to remain promotional, we expect results to improve further in the second half of the year, as we see returns from our strategic investments in marketing and omnichannel." Burlington Stores  Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue increase in the first quarter, booking a 39.6% rise in net income from US$37.5m to $52.4m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 40.9%, while total sales meanwhile, increased 5.0%, or $63.9m, to $1.3bn. This growth was driven by an increase of $65.1m from new and non-comparable stores, as well as a 0.5% increase in comparable store sales. The 0.5% comparable store sales increase was on top of a 4.3% increase in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Sears Holdings  US retail giant Sears Holdings moved to a profit in the quarter, with net income reaching US$244m, compared to net loss of $471m in the year-ago period. Gross margin narrowed slightly from 21.8% to 21.6%, while net revenues fell to $4.3bn from $5.4bn last year. Sears said the year-over-year decline in revenues was primarily driven by having fewer Kmart and Sears full-line stores in operation, which accounted for $557m of the decline, as well as an 11.9% decline in comparable store sales during the quarter, which accounted for $417m. CEO Edward Lampert, noted: "While this was certainly a challenging quarter for our company, it was also one that clearly demonstrated our commitment to return Sears Holdings to solid financial footing. We recognise that we need to accelerate our efforts to improve our operational performance and are moving decisively with our $1.25bn restructuring program." PVH Corp Apparel giant PVH Corp increased its earnings guidance for the year after its first-quarter earnings exceeded guidance, and despite a 69.7% drop in net income to US$70.1m from $231.6m in the year-ago period. For the quarter ended 30 April, revenue increased 4% to $1.9bn from $1.82bn last year. PVH's Tommy Hilfiger business recorded the highest growth at 6% to $842m, while Calvin Klein revenue was not far behind, up 5% to $756m, compared to the prior year period, which includes a reduction of about $15m resulting from the November 2016 deconsolidation of the company's Calvin Klein business in Mexico. Meanwhile, revenue in the Heritage Brands business for the quarter decreased 3% to $391m, principally resulting from a planned shift in the timing of shipments from the first quarter into the second quarter as compared to the prior year period. CEO Emanuel Chirico said: "Our first quarter performance underscored the power of our diversified business model and the strength in our international businesses. We believe that our brands, led by  Calvin Klein and  Tommy Hilfiger, continue to resonate with consumers and are gaining market share against our competition. As the global retail environment shifts, we continue to focus on adapting to change, while investing in our brands and operating platforms to capitalise on the opportunities for each of our businesses." Shoe Carnival Shoe Carnival saw earnings and sales slip in the first quarter, compared to last year, as net income fell to US$8.2m from $10.7m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin narrowed to 28.5% from 29%, while net sales dropped 2.7% to $253.4m from $260.5m last year. Comparable store sales were down 3.9%. CEO Cliff Sifford said: "Looking forward, our consistently strong financial position provides the financial flexibility to support our future strategies and further enhance shareholder value over time as a result of our dividend and share repurchase programs." Guess US fashion retailer Guess booked a drop in first-quarter sales on the back of a soft performance in the Americas where the company is looking to shrink its footprint and improve profitability. Group earnings fell to US$21.3m from $25.2m a year earlier, while gross margin narrowed slightly to 31.5% from 31.8%. Net revenues finished at the high-end of expectations, reaching $458.6m from $448.8m. In Europe and in Asia, sales were up 23% and 17%, respectively, driven by new store openings and positive comp sales. In the Americas, sales were down 14.9%. Chico's Chico's said it remains "steadfast" in in executing against its strategic plan to increase profitable sales and long-term earnings after booking a mixed first-quarter. For the thirteen weeks ended 29 April, net income increased to US$33.62m from $31.08m in the year-ago period, while gross margin narrowed slightly to 40.7% from 40.8%. Sales meanwhile, slipped 9.2% to $583.7m compared to $643m last year. The company said the fall primarily reflects a decline in comparable sales of 8.7%, driven by lower average dollar sale and a decline in transaction count. Tilly's Apparel, footwear and accessories retailer Tilly's said its initiatives are gaining traction, as it narrowed its net loss to US$0.2m from $2.7m. Gross margin increased 10 basis points to 27.2% from 27.1% last year, primarily due to an 80 basis point reduction in buying, distribution and occupancy costs, offset by a 70 basis point decline in product margins from increased markdowns. Total sales edged up 0.6% to $120.9m, while comparable sales were also up by 0.6% compared to a 4.1% decline in the same period last year. DSW DWS said sales were challenging in the first quarter, but trends did improve with comps turning positive in April. For the thirteen weeks ended 29 April, net sales increased 1.4% to US$691.1m from $681.3m in the year-ago period, including $22.3m of revenues from Ebuys. Comparable sales decreased 3% compared to last year's 1.6% slip. Net income meanwhile, slipped to $23m compared to $30m last year. Gross margin decreased 180 bps to 28.2% from 30%, driven by planned clearance activity and the addition of Ebuys, offset by disciplined markdown management and favourable sourcing costs. CEO Roger Rawlins, said: "As expected, planned clearance activity and the addition of Ebuys drove lower gross margin and operating income. The investments we have made in our digital capabilities, such as our redesigned website and mobile app, drove robust growth in digital demand. We are intently focused on driving sequential top line improvements through key product and customer initiatives while balancing strategic investments with disciplined expense management." New York & Co New York & Co booked first-quarter results in line with company expectations thanks to celebrity collaborations, a double-digit percentage increase in e-commerce sales and strong gross margin expansion to its highest level in the first quarter since 2008. Net losses narrowed to US$4.2m from $5.7m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 300 basis points to 30.7%. Net sales, however, dropped to $209.9m, a decline of 2.9% from $216m in the prior year, reflecting growth in e-commerce, offset by decreases in brick-and-mortar stores due to the combination of a lower store count (463 this year versus 488 last year) and a 0.7% drop in comparable store sales. JC Penney Retail giant JC Penney saw an improvement in women's apparel, despite widening its net loss to US$180m in the first quarter, compared to net loss of $68m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, gross margin was up 10 basis points to 36.3 %, positively impacted by improved selling margins throughout the quarter, which was partially offset by the continued growth in the company's online and major appliance businesses. Net sales meanwhile, slipped 3.7% to $2.7bn from $2.8bn last year. Comparable store sales were down 3.5% for the quarter. CEO Marvin Ellison, said: "We continue to make encouraging progress in the company's competitive and financial position despite our top-line performance during the first quarter. While February was a very challenging month for JCPenney and broader retail, we are pleased with our comp store sales for the combined March and April period, which improved significantly versus February." Foot Locker US footwear retailer Foot Locker described its first-quarter as one of the company's most profitable in its history, despite a slip in net income and falling short of its original expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net income was US$180m, compared to $191m in the year-ago period. Total sales meanwhile, increased 0.7% to $2bn, compared with sales of $1.99bn for the corresponding prior-year period. Comparable-store sales were up 0.5%, while gross margin decreased to 34% from 35% a year ago. CEO Richard Johnson said: "The slow start we experienced in February, which we believe was largely due to the delay in income tax refunds, was unfortunately not fully offset by much stronger sales in March and April. Nonetheless, we believe our banners remain at the centre of a vibrant sneaker culture. We are confident that our customers have not lost their tremendous appetite for athletic footwear and apparel and that our position in the industry is stronger than ever." Cato Corp Cato Corp reported a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping 38% to US$22.2m from $35.9m last year. First-quarter gross margin decreased 390 basis points to 38.7%, primarily due to lower merchandise margins and deleveraging of buying and occupancy costs. Meanwhile, total sales fell to $239.7m, compared to $288m in the year-ago period. Same-store sales were also down, slipping 17%. "Our negative sales trend persisted throughout the first quarter, impacting margins and earnings as we continued to work through our merchandise missteps," stated John Cato, chairman, president, and CEO. "It is taking longer to work through these issues than expected and the remainder of the year will be impacted. We expect earnings for the year to be below last year." The Buckle The Buckle booked a drop in both earnings and sales in the first quarter, with the former dropping to US$16.3m from $23.1m a year earlier. Revenues were down 12.8% to $212.3m from net sales of $243.5m for the year-ago period, while comparable sales fell 12.7%. Online sales were down 7.2% to $21.8m for the 13-week period ended 29 April. The Buckle also announced senior vice president of finance and CFO, Karen Rhoads,who joined the company in 1980, will retire later this summer. Rhoads will continue to serve as a member of the company's board of directors. The board has engaged an executive search firm to assist with the search for Rhoads' replacement. The Bon-Ton Stores US department store retailer The Bon-Ton Stores widened its net loss to US$57.3m in the first quarter, compared to $37.8m in the year-ago period. The York, Pennsylvania-based company saw total sales fall by 9.3% to $536.1m from $591m in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Comparable store sales decreased 8.8% as compared with the prior year period. Meanwhile, gross margin decreased 170 basis points to 32.2% compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the markdown rate and increased delivery expenses. CEO Kathryn Bufano said: "Our first quarter results did not meet our expectations due primarily to weak mall traffic trends, unfavourable weather and marketing challenges associated with the Easter calendar shift." Ross Stores Ross Stores booker higher sales and earnings in its first-quarter despite uncertainty and volatility in the market. Earnings reached US$321m from $291m a year earlier. Total sales were up 7% to $3.3bn, while comparable store sales grew 3%. Operating margin of 15.2% exceeded company expectations due to above-plan sales and merchandise margin. For the second quarter, the company is forecasting same store sales to be up 1% to 2%, on top of a 4% gain last year, with earnings per share of $0.73 to $0.76, up from $0.71 in the prior year period. Stage Stores Stage Stores widened its net loss to US$19m from $15.5m in the first quarter as the company incurred after-tax charges primarily associated with the Gordmans acquisition of about $4m. Net sales were also down, falling 7.3% to $308.6m, compared to $332.8m in the prior year. Meanwhile, comparable sales decreased 9.6%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "After a challenging February in which we saw negative double digit comps, we began to gain momentum and our business improved significantly during the combined March and April period. While we expect retail headwinds to continue in the near term, we believe that our selective acquisition of prime Gordmans' assets allows us to diversify with an off-price business model. We expect the acquisition to add scale to our business and be meaningfully accretive to our earnings in 2018." Perry Ellis Perry Ellis said it was pleased with a "solid start" to fiscal 2018, with top and bottom line results surpassing guidance, reflecting solid growth in its core brands driven by the earlier shipment of Spring merchandise and strong gross margin expansion. For the three month period, as reported under GAAP, net income was US$12.8m, compared to GAAP net income of $14.3m last year. GAAP Gross margin expanded 120 basis points to 37.6%, while adjusted gross margin expanded 90 basis points. Meanwhile, total sales dropped 7.3% to $242m from $261m last year, but ahead of guidance of $230mto $235 million. The company said the decline reflected a planned decrease in shipments given a reduction of customers' doors and inventory discipline to drive higher margin sales. Walmart Walmart has delivered what analysts say is an encouraging start to the year as sales grew 1.4% in the quarter to US$117.5bn. Excluding currency, sales were up 2.5% to $118.8bn. In its domestic market revenues were up 2.9% to $75.4bn, while international sales climbed 3.5% to $27.1bn. Net earnings, meanwhile, were down 1.3% in the period to $3.04bn. "We delivered a solid first-quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year. We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers," said CEO Doug McMillon. The Children's Place The Children's Place has booked what it says are "outstanding" operating results in the quarter with comparable sales, operating margin and earnings significantly above last year and the high end of its guidance. Net sales increased 4.1% to US$436.7m on the back of a comparable retail sales increased of 6.1%. Operating margin improved 170 basis points to 11.1%, while net income reached $36.2m from $26m a year earlier. American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a mixed first-quarter as earnings slipped but sales increased. For the period ended 29 April, net income fell to US$25.2m from $40.5m last year. Gross margin decreased 270 basis points to 36.5% from 39.2% last year, primarily due to increased promotional activity and higher shipping costs related to a strong digital business. Meanwhile, total net revenue was up 2% to $761.8m, compared to $749.4m in the year-ago period. Consolidated comparable sales were also up 2%, following a 6% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "The first quarter results reflected mall traffic headwinds, especially early in the quarter, with improved trends over Easter and a strong digital business throughout. As we look ahead, we are taking the right steps to improve our results and adjust our business for today's rapidly evolving retail environment." L Brands  L Brands booked a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping to US$94.1m from $152.3m last year. For the three months ended 29 April, net sales fell 7% to $2.44bn compared to $2.61bn in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were also down, falling 9%. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 6 percentage points and 9 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company increased its guidance for 2017 full-year earnings per share to $3.10 to $3.40 from $3.05 to $3.35 previously, and issued guidance for second quarter earnings per share between $0.40 and $0.45. Target Corp US retail group Target said its first-quarter financial performance was "better" than its expectations, as net earnings rose 7.7% to US$681m from $632m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, sales slipped 1.1% to $16.0bn compared to $16.2bn last year, reflecting a comparable sales decline of 1.3%, partially offset by the contribution from new stores. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 22% and contributing 0.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 30.5%, compared with 30.9% in the year-ago period, reflecting increased digital channel fulfilment costs.  CEO Brian Cornell, said: "We are in the early stage of a multi-year effort to position Target for profitable, consistent long-term growth, and while we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape. As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently while preparing our team to chase business when we have an opportunity." Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters saw net income slip 59.8% in the first quarter, falling to US$11.9m from $29.6m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down in the period, falling 0.2% to $761.2m compared to $762.6m last year. Total comparable retail segment net sales decreased 3.1%. By brand, comparable sales increased 1.5% at Free People, but decreased 3.1% at Urban Outfitters and 4.4% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by negative retail store comparable net sales. CEO Richard Hayne, said: "During the first quarter we continued to see strong double-digit growth from our direct-to-consumer channel and our wholesale business. We believe we have significant opportunity to continue to grow both of these channels at all of our brands." Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said that despite a challenging retail environment, it realised growth across each of its three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 April, net income reached US$58.2m compared to $56.9m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also up, increasing 9.9% to $1.8bn from $1.7bn last year. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will continue to "evaluate and adjust" its business model, and is taking actions to reduce its expense structure in order to fund and develop its longer-term strategic initiatives. TJX Companies TJX Companies said it has  great confidence in the continued, successful growth of the company after booking increases in both sales and earnings in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 January, net income reached US$536.3m, compared to $508.3m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin was 29.0%, up 0.2 percentage points versus the prior year. Net sales meanwhile, increased by 3% to $7.8bn from $7.5bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, narrowed its net loss in the first quarter. For the period ended 31 March, net loss was US$2.4m, compared to $6.5m for the prior year period. Net sales meanwhile, were up 19% to $40.1m from $33.7m in the prior year period, reflecting a 22% increase in wholesale segment sales and a 9% increase in consumer direct segment sales. The company added the sales increase was primarily due to sales from the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands for the full period. Gross margin fell to 46.4% compared to 48.5%last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans for the full quarter as well as the inclusion of Swims, which carry lower gross margin rates as primarily wholesale businesses. CEO Michael Buckley said the company is "pleased" with the progress it has made during the quarter, especially in its e-commerce business, which saw a 46% sales increase. Dillard's Dillard's has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its first-quarter, with net income falling to US$66.3m from $77.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped to $1.42bn from $1.50bn a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations improved 65 basis points. CEO William Dillard said that while the company's sales decline weighed heavily onits operating results, it still ended the quarter with $302m of cash, largely due to better cash management. Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked first-quarter earnings in line with expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net earnings were up 37% to US$63m, from $46m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.7% to $3.3bn, compared to $3.2bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.8%. This was consistent with trends experienced over the past year, Nordstrom said. Meanwhile, online sales were 24% of total net sales, driven by 11% growth at Nordstrom.com and 19% at Nordstromrack.com/HauteLook. Hudson's Bay Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) has booked a drop in comparable sales in what it described as a difficult first-quarter, particularly in the US where the group has experienced lower store traffic across all its banners. On a constant currency basis, consolidated comparable sales were down 2.9%. DSG (Hudson's Bay, Lord & Taylor, and Home Outfitters) saw sales fall 2.4%, while Saks Fifth Avenue sales fell 4.8%. In Europe, HBC sales were remained flat. Comparable digital sales were up 5.4%. Macy's US department store retailer Macy's says its first-quarter sales and earnings results were consistent with its expectations, and that it remains on track to meet its 2017 guidance. Earnings in the period dropped to $71m from $115m last year, while gross margin narrowed to 38.1% from 39.1% in the prior year period. Sales totalled $5.34bn, a drop of 7.5% on sales of $5.77bn in the same period last year, reflecting, in part, store closures. Comparable sales on an owned basis were down 5.2%. Kohl's US department store retailer Kohl's has booked mixed first-quarter results as earnings climbed but sales fell. Earnings were up 14% to US$66m from $58m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 83 basis points to 36.4%. Sales, meanwhile, were down 3.2% to $3.84bn. CEO Kevin Mansell, however, said there had been a "significant improvement" in sales and traffic for the March and April period, after a weak February. "Continued strong inventory management led to a major improvement in gross margin, and our teams managed expenses exceptionally well." Wolverine Worldwide Wolverine Worldwide booked what it says was a solid start to the year with earnings and sales that beat expectations and strong progress towards its strategic transformation plan. Revenues dropped 4.8% to US$591.3m due to an additional week of operations in the first quarter of 2017. Underlying revenue declined 2%. Earnings dropped to $16.7m from $17.4m, while gross margin widened slightly to 39.7% from 39.6% last year. "The transformation of our business is well underway with our strategy focused on elevating our most powerful brands with consumers, delivering continuous product innovation and sustained organic growth, and unlocking incremental operational efficiencies, with an emphasis on pace and speed," said CEO Blake Krueger. Iconix Brand Group Iconix moved to a loss in its first-quarter on the back of declining sales as the the company looks to implement initiatives aimed at improving its balance sheet and driving organic growth. Losses amounted to US$4.3m from earnings of $18.6m a year earlier. Operating income declined 27% to $33.6m, while licensing revenue fell 13% to $58.7m. Separately, Iconix announced the sale of its entertainment segment for $345m in cash. Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends said total sales in the 13 weeks to 29 April increased 3.2% to US$200m, compared to $193.7m in the year-ago period. Comparable store sales meanwhile, were up 1% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Acting CEO Bruce Smith, said: "We are pleased to report that our improved merchandising strategies are driving better performance, as demonstrated by the increase in our first quarter comparable store sales. After a very slow start to the quarter due to the later disbursement of tax refunds by the Internal Revenue Service, we were able to more than make up February's 21% comparable store sales decline with increases of 13% in March and 18% in April." Weyco Weyco saw both sales and earnings slip in its first-quarter in the face of what it called a "challenging" retail environment. For the three months to 31 March, net earnings attributable to the company fell 17% to US$2.2m from $2.7m in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, net sales for the quarter slipped to $69.1m, down 12% from $78.9m last year. CEO Thomas Florsheim Jr said: "The retail environment continues to be challenging, as retailers address reduced foot traffic in their brick and mortar stores. We continue to seek growth across all trade channels and are working to reduce our costs.  This quarter we saw higher gross margins and reductions in several categories of selling and administrative costs as a result of our efforts."    Hanesbrands US fashion retailer Hanesbrands said it is off to the strong start of 2017 that it sought, despite net income slipping 12% to US$70.6m from $80.3m in the year-ago period. Net sales meanwhile, increased 13.2% to $1.38bn from $1.22bn last year, thanks to acquisition contributions. Sales for the activewear and international segments increased, while sales decreased as expected for the innerwear segment and manage-for-cash businesses. Hanes has also launched a multiyear initiative to increase investment for growth, reduce costs, and drive cash flow. Project Booster, is expected to drive the company's Sell More, Spend Less, Generate Cash business strategy and is expected to generate about $100m in annualised net cost savings, and $300m of incremental annual net cash from operations after annualised growth reinvestment of $50m. The company has also recently announced the departure of CFO Richard Moss who will retire at the end of 2017. Hanesbrands has initiated an internal and external search for his successor.  VF Corp US apparel giant VF Corporation said its first-quarter results were "right in line" with expectations, despite a 2% fall in both sales and earnings for the period. Net income fell to US$209.2m in the three months to March, from $260.3m the year before. As a result of the sale of its licensed sports group business to Fanatics, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $5.5m the first quarter of 2017. Gross margin improved 150 basis points to 50.2% on a reported basis, while total revenues fell to $2.55bn from $2.60bn in the year-ago period. Brand revenue at Vans was up 5% and by 6% at The North Face., but fell 5% at Timberland. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record first-quarter net sales of US$543.8m, a 4% increase compared with net sales of $525.1m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 13% to $36m from $31.8m in the year ago period. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 3%, and net income of between $192m and $199m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "Our first quarter results provide a good start to a year that presents many challenges, especially in the US, which has been impacted by customer bankruptcies, liquidations and ongoing efforts by US.retailers to rationalise their store fleets and square footage. We were encouraged by the Columbia brand's continued growth in Europe-direct markets during the first quarter and by the Sorel brand's successful launch of an expanded Spring assortment. In addition, our direct-to-consumer businesses were a source of growth in every region. "In the midst of changing consumer shopping patterns, our portfolio of powerful brands and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to drive sustainable, profitable growth." Amazon Online retail giant Amazon has booked increases in both sales and earnings in its first-quarter thanks to new product and service launches globally, including seven private apparel brands to Prime members. Net income reached US$724m from $513m a year prior. Net sales were up 23% to $35.7bn. Excluding a $492m unfavourable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the quarter, net sales increased 24%. Under Armour Under Armour's share price has spiked after the athletic wear maker posted a first-quarter loss that was better than analyst expectations and reaffirmed its full-year outlook. The loss for the three months to the end of March amounted to US$2.3m from earnings of $19.2m a year ago. Gross margin dropped 70 basis points to 45.2%. Net sales, however, grew 7% to $1.1bn. "Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and we're off to a solid start in 2017," said Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank. "By proactively managing our growth to deliver superior innovative product, continuing to strengthen our connection with consumers and increasing our focus on operational excellence - we have great confidence in our ability to drive toward our full year targets." Carter's Carter's booked a mixed first-quarter, with a slight rise in sales but a 13.6% decrease in net income from US$54m to $46.7m. Operating margin also decreased, falling 210 basis points to 10.7%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 1.2% to $732.8m, reflecting growth in the company's domestic retail and wholesale sales, which was partially offset by a decline in International sales. CEO Michael Casey, said: "We achieved our sales and earnings objectives in the first quarter. Stronger than planned demand in our wholesale and ecommerce businesses helped to offset the effects of delayed tax refunds to families with young children and a later Easter holiday. "We have seen a meaningful improvement in sales trends in April, driven by Easter holiday shopping, and expect good growth in sales and earnings in the balance of the year."  Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it pleased to have started off 2017 with a strong first-quarter, despite delivering a 15.6% drop in earnings. For the three months ended 31 March, net income fell to US$20.2m from $23.7m last year. However, the company said its highlight of the quarter was its Steve Madden women's wholesale footwear division, which enjoyed a period of "outstanding growth in a challenging retail environment". Net sales increased 11.2% to $366.4m, compared to $329.4m in the year-ago period. Gross margin widened to 36.2%, compared to 35.3% last year. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said the company will take a prudent approach to planning its business in light of retail industry headwinds, but added the strength in its core business "gives us confidence that we are well-positioned to navigate the uncertain environment".  Skechers Despite first-quarter net sales representing a new quarterly record and the first time the company has exceeded US$1bn in quarterly sales, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip in the three months ended 31 March. Sales in the quarter were up 9.6% to $1.07bn on last year, primarily due to a 16.8% increase in the company's international wholesale business and a 12.8% rise in its company-owned global retail business which included comparable same-store sales increases of 2.9%. However, earnings slipped 3.7% to $94m, compared to $97.6m in the year-ago period. CEO David Weinberg said: "We are particularly proud of the growth in the quarter considering the tough comparison to 2016, which included the benefit of an additional day in February and Easter falling in March." Rocky Brands Rocky Brands says it has made a "solid start" to 2017 as it moved to a profit thanks to doubling its military segment sales to a quarterly record US$12m. Net income in the three months ended 31 March amounted to $1.5m from a loss of $0.2m a year earlier. Net sales meanwhile, increased 9.6% to $63.1m, compared to $57.5m in the year-ago period. Wholesale sales declined 2.5% to $39.2m, while retail sales edged up to $11.9m from $11.5m. Gross margin dropped 160 basis points to 31.3%, driven by the increase in military segment sales which carry lower gross margins than its wholesale and retail segments. CEO Mike Brooks said: "The actions we have taken over the past six months to better position the company for profitable growth are clearly gaining traction. While there is still work ahead of us in order to maximise shareholder value over the long-term, we are confident we are heading in the right direction." Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade saw earnings slump to US$1.4m in the three months ended 1 April, from $11.6m a year earlier. The company incurred a $7m of pre-tax store impairment charge and $2m of pre-tax fees and expenses related to its strategic review. Gross margin widened to 63.2% from 61.8%, but net sales dropped 1.2% to $271m. Same-store sales fell 2.4% for the quarter, and were down 8.1% excluding e-commerce.  Direct-to-consumer comparable sales fell 2%. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase in the first quarter, up 4% to US$1.10bn from $1.06bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 26 February, net income slipped to $60m, down 9% from $66m last year. The decline primarily reflected lower gross margins, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 51.2% from 53%. In Europe, net revenues were up 12%, while in the Americas sales dropped by 1% and Asia net revenues declined 2%. "Despite the on-going challenges in the industry, I am pleased that we delivered 5% currency-neutral growth over a strong Q1 last year," said Chip Bergh, president and CEO. "We were able to deliver these solid results despite a declining US wholesale business, because of the breadth of our portfolio. Specifically, we grew in all three regions, with particularly outstanding results in Europe; double digit growth in our direct-to-consumer business; and double digit growth on women's and tops." Tweet Top stories this week on just-style... PREVIOUS Innerwear specialists Naked and Bendon to merge NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Companies: Abercrombie & Fitch Co, Amazon.com, American Eagle Outfitters, Calvin Klein Inc, Cato Corporation, Chico’s FAS, Citi Trends Inc, Columbia Sportswear Company, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Differential Brands Group, Dollar General, DSW Inc, Foot Locker Inc, Genesco Inc, Hanesbrands Inc, Hudson’s Bay Company, Iconix Brand Group Inc, JC Penney Company Inc, Kate Spade & Co, Kmart, Kohl’s Corporation, Levi Strauss & Co, Lord & Taylor, Macy’s Inc, New York & Company, Nordstrom Inc, Perry Ellis International Inc, PVH Corporation, Rocky Brands Inc, Ross Stores Inc, Saks Incorporated, Sears Holdings Corporation, Shoe Carnival, Skechers USA Inc, Stage Stores Inc, Steven Madden, Target Corporation, Bon-Ton Stores Inc, Buckle Inc, Children’s Place Retail Stores Inc, Timberland Company, TJX Companies Inc, Tommy Hilfiger Group, Under Armour Inc, Urban Outfitters Inc, VF Corporation, Victoria’s Secret, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Wolverine World Wide Inc, Zumiez Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW COMMENT The Flanarant – What's behind Britain’s apparent apparel export boom? RESEARCH American Eagle Outfitters Inc in Apparel and Footwear (World) While a soft macro environment has negatively impacted other brands, American Eagle Outfitters has taken several encouraging steps to improve its results. However, a weak FY2016 fourth quarter announc... COMMENT The Flanarant – An assembly-worker free apparel industry? ANALYSIS Amazon's rise fuels fewer bricks and more clicks NEWS Macy's promotes Anwar as tech VP amid team restructure US department store retailer Macy's has promoted Yasir Anwar to the role of executive vice president and chief technology officer as part of plans to restructure the company's technology team in a bid... NEWS Perry Ellis inks Cubavera deal in Mexico Perry Ellis International has entered into a license agreement with Wolf Company SA de CV for men's apparel and accessories under the Cubavera trademark in Mexico.... NEWS H&M, Inditex and Nike ranked supply chain leaders NEWS Innerwear specialists Naked and Bendon to merge Lingerie, sleepwear, and swimwear specialists Naked Brand Group and Bendon Limited are to merge, in a move that will create "a powerful portfolio of iconic brands."... Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights How Asos is embracing the transparency challenge Guatemala makers shrug off Trump trade concerns Trade Tracker – Pragmatism breaks out all round Amazon's rise fuels fewer bricks and more clicks New software solutions for speed and efficiency News Cambodia subcontracting threat for garment sector M&S sets out new Plan A sustainability goals H&M, Inditex and Nike ranked supply chain leaders Michael Kors to close up to 125 stores amid loss ZDHC to launch Gateway chemical module Market research Global market review of denim and jeanswear – forecasts to 2022 Global Licensing Trends in Children’s Apparel and Footwear Global market review of lingerie – forecasts to 2022 UV protective clothing: a practical approach to sun care When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Gap Inc VF Corporation Inditex SA Nike Inc Levi Strauss & Co Zara Primark Adidas Group PVH Corporation Wal-Mart Stores Inc Lectra Kate Spade & Co Li & Fung Limited Tommy Hilfiger Group C&A Target Corporation Abercrombie & Fitch Co Tesco Plc All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Target's Learning How to Survive in the Age of Amazon Target is looking to new brands to stay relevant -- and it may be working. Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) May 26, 2017 at 10:15AM Big-box retailers like Target (NYSE:TGT) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) are some of the most affected by the changing retail landscape, highlighted by Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) growing dominance in e-commerce. But there's still value in brick-and-mortar retail stores if companies can figure out how to bring value to customers while augmenting their online purchases.  Rumors that Target would buy Casper earlier this month were strange for a company that's never been a mattress company. Instead of buying Casper, it led the company's funding round. When you look at it through the lens of customers moving to online retail and going direct to brands and manufacturers -- like Casper -- the deal could make some sense and be a blueprint for the future. In one move, Target could create a showroom for Casper while also benefiting from the company's online business model. And with some other interesting partnerships starting to pay dividends, we may see Target making an important change in its business model.  Image source: Getty Images. Amazon isn't the threat Target needs to worry about There's no question Amazon is a disruptive force in retail and Target and Wal-Mart need to adapt with more online offerings for customers to compete. But I don't think Amazon is the real threat to the big-box model long-term.  I wrote earlier this year that brand companies are now finding it easier to launch and thrive in a direct-to-consumer model and retailers who are trying to keep sales in-store are struggling as a result. And for these direct-to-consumer companies, Amazon isn't their path to consumers; they go directly to the source. Think of companies like Dollar Shave Club, Blue Apron, Casper, Harry's, and Bevel, just to name a few.  Rather than fight the direct-to-consumer trend, Target appears to be embracing it. The company has partnered with Bevel and Harry's in men's grooming, and they appear to be very successful partnerships so far. The brand companies get a foot into retail, expanding their market very quickly, and Target gets new, hip products and sometimes a stake in their potential upside.  Target has said that it's going to invest more than $7 billion in capital over the next three years and focus its growth efforts on over a dozen exclusive brands. If Target can become the exclusive retailer for both internally owned brands and companies it has a stake in, that could be a great way to leverage the company's retail footprint and still not miss out on the direct-to-consumer and online retail trends.  Are more Casper-type deals in Target's future?  Target has had its fair share of challenges adapting to the new world of retail, mainly in making missteps with its own online store (which is still behind the competition). If Target can improve stores to match consumers' shopping needs, partner or buy growing exclusive brands that sell online and can showroom in existing stores, and improve its online shopping experience, it could be a good proposition for customers and investors.  Target still has a place in the world, whether it's parents urgently needing diapers or those who want to grab some toiletries and a Starbucks coffee on their way to work. And understanding where the company fits as a provider of necessities and a showroom for brands would be a welcome change for the retailer. Whether consumers are shopping in-store or online, Target should just want them buying products it's providing or has a stake in. And buying into brand start-ups may be a great way to leverage the big-box business and finally create a future in a retail world Amazon seems to be dominating more by the day. Travis Hoium has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Starbucks. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @TravisHoium Article Info May 26, 2017 at 10:15AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,006.73 up $10.78 (1.08%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $79.62 down $0.19 (-0.24%) Target NYSE:TGT $55.52 down $0.14 (-0.25%) Read More These 3 Stocks Could Prove Toxic to Your Portfolio 3 Reasons I Bought Target Stock This Month 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying 3 Top Home Goods Stocks to Buy in 2017 Hate Checking Your Portfolio? Try These 3 Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Target's Learning How to Survive in the Age of Amazon @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $TGT
Front Page About GNS Business/Industry Communities Education Entertainment Links Directory Maritime Medicine & Science Opinion/Forum Public Safety Transportation Weather Associates Media Kit Bay Area Houston Brazoria County Chambers County Fort Bend County Galveston County Harris County Jefferson County Liberty County Montgomery County Orange County State of Alabama State of Florida State of Louisiana State of Texas State of Mississippi Washington D.C. Higher Education Elementary and Primary Education Forum Jim Guidry Commentaries Public Safety News Sugar Land Police Department News Release Friday, May 26, 2017 Video Shows Suspects Using Stolen Credit Cards During Two-Day Crime Spree Surveillance video posted at  www.sugarlandtx.gov/case17-128996 Sugar Land, Texas - Sugar Land police are looking for three people who used credit cards stolen at stores in First Colony Mall, 16511 Southwest Freeway. A woman told police she placed her wallet containing cash and credits cards on a counter while working at Dillard's on April 10 at 12:30 p.m.  She was unable to locate the wallet 30 minutes later. Her bank card was used to make unauthorized purchases at Walmart, 345 Highway 6, at 3:30 p.m. the same day.  She contacted police on April 18. Police reviewed surveillance video at Walmart and saw a black female wearing a blonde wig, glasses, a beige shirt and tan pants use the stolen credit card.  The suspect was accompanied by another black female wearing a beanie hat, glasses and a blue/white shirt with the number "88."  They exited the store and left in a grey, four-door Mercedes. Another woman told police she placed her purse containing a bank card, credit cards and other personal items in a cabinet under a register while working at Macy's on April 18. Her bank notified her about suspicious activity on her card at 9 p.m. She returned to the cabinet, and her purse was gone.  She later discovered her card was used at a Shell gas station, 1484 State Highway 6.  A review of surveillance video from Shell showed two woman using the stolen card. One of the women was also seen on video using a stolen card at Walmart. A third woman told police she arrived to work at Chico`s on April 19 at 1 p.m.  She placed a purse containing cash, credit cards and other personal items in an unsecured locker.  Her husband contacted her later that evening to report unauthorized purchases that were made with one of her cards, including one at Target, 16300 Southwest Freeway.  She returned to the locker and her purse was missing.  A review of surveillance footage at Target showed two women using the stolen card.  They were the same two suspects who used a stolen card at Walmart. Anyone with information should call the Sugar Land Police Department at (281) 275-2540 or Fort Bend County Crime Stoppers at (281) 342-TIPS (8477). Guidry News Service is headquartered in Midtown Houston. at 4001 Fannin Street, Suite 4432, Houston, TX. 77004-4077 (409) 763 NEWS(6397)         News@GuidryNews.com © 1996, Guidry News Service. Duplication of any part of this website in any manner is prohibited.
Sign in Join Consumer Warnings Sales & Deals Consumer Tips Tech Entertainment More Home & Family Travel Cars & Bikes Stores Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email Log In your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Create a free account Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. FREE: Join NFS & Get Discounts At Local StoresFREE: Join NFS & Save At Local Stores Memorial Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart By Tracy Ortiz - May 26, 2017 Memorial Day weekend is here and so are some great sales from Macy’s, Target, and Walmart. From BOGO specials to rollbacks, there are deals in-stores and online now through Memorial Day for you to take advantage of. And to help make finding what you need, or want, easier, we have sales info for all 3 stores below, along with links to their sites. Happy Memorial Day! Macy’s Macy’s sale is going on now through Monday, May 29, with deals on clothing, appliances, shoes and more. Here are their featured deals: · Get 25-70% off clearance items, $5 Macy’s money for every $25 you spend and an extra 15% or 20% off select departments with the code SUNNY. ·Clothing: 25% off Nike for the family, 25-40% off women’s activewear, 25-40% off women’s swimwear, 50% off men’s dress shirts and ties, 50% off baby clothes. ·Shoes & Accessories: 40% off women’s fashion sneakers, 30% off women’s shoes and sandals, bra and panties sale: buy 2, get 2 free + and extra 20% off select styles. ·Home & Appliances: 30% off + an extra 15% off kitchen electrics, 800 thread-count sheets sets: $39.99, Bed and Bath buy 1, get 1 free (BOGO sale), 10% off furniture. Target Their sale is going on now through Monday, May 29, with deals on clothing, furniture, pool, and more. Here are their featured deals: ·Clothing & Shoes: women’s swimwear: $14 and up, girls and boys swimwear BOGO sale buy 1, get 1 50% off, men’s tees and tanks: $8 and up, women’s tees and tanks: $5 and up, kids tees and tanks: $4 and up, women’s sandals: $12 and up ·Home & Furniture: up to 30% off patio and home furnishings, 20% off all Char-Broil and STOK grills, vacuum sale: save $20 on select Bissel vacuums, save $100 on select Dyson vacuums, 20% off all area rugs. ·Toys & Pool: 20% off all Lego Duplo Friends and Star Wars, Friends and City, Speedo junior goggles: $12, Puddle jumper life vests: $16, select giant pool floats: $17. Walmart Their sale is going on now through Monday, May 29, with deals on appliances, furniture, pool, and more. Here are their featured deals: ·Grills: select grills on sale, including: Grillsmith 5-burner gas grill with bonus cover: $386, 5-burner gas grill, stainless steel/black: $154.93 (save $23), RevoAce 4-burner gas grill with side burner: $121.59 (save $27) and more. ·Outdoor & Pool: Resin Adirondack chairs: $12.98, Backyard Discovery Tuscan cedar wooden swing set: $399 (save $100), Coleman Power Steel 14′ x 42″ frame pool with ladder, filter and pump: $279, Mainstays 28″ round fire pit: $29.44 and more. ·Clothing: women’s Americana tees tank tops: $3.94, men’s American tees: $4.97, men’s Faded Glory pique polo tees: $5.82, men’s Fruit of the Loom Eversoft crew neck tees: (rollback) $3.96, kids Americana apparel: $3.47 and up. What do you think of these Memorial Day 2017 sales? Weigh in below and be sure to follow all my latest consumer news reports on Twitter! It's Nice To Share!                                             - To link to this page, copy & paste - Memorial Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart Or use the shortURL: https://n4s.us/56080 Tracy Ortiz I am a mom to 2 little boys: a 3 year- old and 2 year-old and they are the only things I love more than writing. I am an avid reader, a big sports fan and love a good deal. Most of all, I love keeping up on the latest consumer news and sharing my findings with all of you. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Memorial Day 2017 TV & Movie Marathons: Times, Channels & More Mother’s Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart Stores Open/Closed Easter 2017: CVS, Target, Rite-Aid & More News For Shoppers News For Shoppers is your free source for unbiased shopping and entertainment news. Our Promise To You • Helpful, Reliable, Honest, Consumer Intel • No 'Sponsored' Stories • No Commission/Affiliate Links • No Pop-Up or Content Blocking Ads • No Paywalls or Survey Blocks Writers Wanted! We're looking for internet savvy consumer and product experts! › Learn More! Log In › NFS Home › About NFS! › NFS Journalists › Write At NFS! › Contact NFS › NFS On YouTube! NFS Perks & Discounts Latest News CPSC Warning: Keep Fidget Spinners Away From Young Children Memorial Day 2017 TV & Movie Marathons: Times, Channels & More Dark Crystal Prequel Heading For Netflix Is T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S8 BOGO Deal Bogus or Brilliant? Popular Now Is DealDash Legit Or A Scam? The Devil Is In The Details! 4th Gen Apple TV Remote Not Working? Here’s A Quick… Update: Jet.com Review – Cheaper Than Amazon Prime,… Groupon.com Review: Big Savings Or A Big Scam? Opinions & statements made by authors on NFS are entirely their own. Please see our complete Terms & Conditions of Use © Copyright 2010 - 2017 NewsForShoppers.com N A
MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Real-world applications of blockchain-enabled supply chains May 26, 2017 • Finance, Sponsored Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 The real world applications of Blockchain. This is the second of a two-part series examining the impact of blockchain technology on supply chains. In part 01 we examined how blockchains work, and the potential game changing impact of this new technology on supply chains as a record keeping, verification, tracking and transaction switching mechanism that makes it easier and safer for businesses to work together over the Internet. Every time value changes hands, whether physical products, services or money, the transaction can be documented, creating a permanent history of the product or transaction, from source to ultimate destination. Some supply chains are already exploiting this technology, and experts suggest blockchain could become a universal “supply chain operating system” – fundamentally changing the way the following tasks are performed and supply chain systems are built: Assigning or verifying certain properties of products, and sharing information about the source or manufacturing process of a product throughout its journey to the point of sale or consumption. Tracking and automated matching of the cascade of digitised documents involved in any trade: purchase orders, invoices, receipts, shipment orders and manifests, and other trade-related documents such as bills of lading. Recording the quantity and transfer of supply chain assets: pallets, delivery and handling units and containers, as they move between supply chain nodes. Providing a decentralised and secure tokenised system to link physical goods to serial numbers, bar codes, RFID tags, etc. Let us now look at evidence for above in a few real-world applications of blockchain: Traceability within food supply chains In October 2016 Walmart launched its Food Safety Collaboration Centre in Beijing with the goal to improve the way food is tracked, transported and sold to consumers across China. It will harness IBM Blockchain technology to generate transparency and efficiency in supply chain record-keeping. The first food item to be tracked this way is pork. Information such as farm origination details, batch numbers, factory and processing data, expiration dates, storage temperatures and shipping detail are digitally linked to the physical food items as it moves from source to destination. The information captured during each transaction is validated by businesses within the network (farms, transport companies, packaging companies, warehouses and stores) forming a consensus. After each ‘block’ (record of each transaction) is validated it is added to a ‘chain’ of transactions, becoming a permanent record of the entire process. Each pork item received at store is verified as authentic, and its digital record could potentially reveal food safety issues picked up between farm and store. The digital record can also help Walmart retailers better manage the shelf-life of products in individual stores. Healthcare service supply chains While pharmaceutical supply chains will benefit from blockchain in a similar fashion as the food supply chain, it is healthcare’s services supply chain (patients, healthcare workers, laboratories, dispensing points and pharmaceutical suppliers) that stands to benefit more. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation recently awarded a grant to Factom, a blockchain technology firm, to fund the creation of an electronic health records system that provides immutability and security in an affordable manner. Medical records within developing countries are historically documented on paper and stored by clinics or hospitals. This poses a problem when people move or if the region is destabilised. Factom’s blockchain network digitises, stores, and encrypt a patient’s medical record in a decentralised manner. Access to these records would not be dependent on a strong internet connection to a central server or database, since the data would be distributed across various nodes of the blockchain network. Healthcare service providers and patients can access and share documents such as vaccination records and HIV viral load measurements on their phones, to ensure they are providing the correct treatment to the right patient. Biometric verification is used for an added layer of security. Patient data is collected into a single ‘hash’ and then added to the blockchain. With medical records, the hash would serve as a fingerprint of the data for time-stamping and verification purposes. Patient’s health records secured like this does not contravene the privacy provisions of most privacy and information laws and acts. This blockchain function allows for the de-identification of protected information by one-way conversion to hash values (an encrypted string of data), safeguarding the content of sensitive records being revealed to third parties, and allowing the records themselves to remain at their original digital location. Supply Chain and Trade Finance Barclays Africa, Bank of America and HSBC have similarly used blockchain trade platforms to facilitate the transfer of trade documents for their clients. The pilot trade, in the process of being commercialised during 2017, involved a letter of credit transaction between a diary distributor in Seychelles and Ornua (formerly the Irish Dairy Board), clients of Barclays Africa and Barclays UK respectively. It used a blockchain technology platform to transfer the electronic bill of lading, with the payment made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT). A blockchain application allows all stakeholders in the supply chain to send, receive and track an electronic bill of lading, as well as upload and send related trade documentation such as orders, invoices, permits and shipping instructions. The application is linked to a distributed ledger network which securely records and verifies the ownership and authenticity of the documents. This solution eliminates many of the current inefficiencies in international trade – the Global Alliance for Trade Facilitation estimates that “7% of the global value of trade is absorbed by the cost of documents alone”. It also reduces risks such as fraud, prevents forgeries of documents, and importantly it saves time by reducing system and process latency – typically trade documents take anywhere from 2 to 10 working days to be couriered from party to party. Now it can be done electronically in minutes. Automotive company Mahindra is experimenting with blockchain to run its invoice discounting business. Invoice discounting is the process of bundling and selling unpaid bills at a slight discount and is a major source of working capital for suppliers who would otherwise need to wait a month or more to be paid. The invoice discounting process would normally take as much as seven days to complete between Mahindra and its supply chain finance partners. There are a number of manual interventions and often there are disputes because different system’s records do not show the same information. Within a blockchain network there is a ‘single point of truth’, which makes the pricing decision less risky and the administration process more efficient – now taking minutes instead of days. Shipment Information Verification The first public blockchain solution for the shipping industry was deployed by Marine Transport International (MTI), a UK and USA based freight forwarder, using blockchain technology for sharing Verified Gross Mass (VGM) information of shipping containers. Contracting governments to the International Maritime Organization’s SOLAS treaty (International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea) are required to implement new requirements related to the VGM of packed containers. The new regulation puts the responsibility on the shipper to ensure that an accurate VGM is provided to the port terminal and ocean carrier for every container loaded prior to it being allowed to be shipped on-board on a vessel. Knowledge about a container’s VGM is important to make sure that vessels are stowed correctly in order to prevent accidents both at sea and in ports. VGM data is stored on a public blockchain, providing a permanent records visible to port officials, transport companies, shippers and cargo owners. This replaces cumbersome logs, spreadsheets, data intermediaries and private databases. Supply Chain Management A distributed ledger system, which makes it easy for participants to track the ownership of an asset, could be applied to track automotive parts as they move between countries and factories. This is the premise of Toyota’s venture into a blockchain solutions for their core parts supply chain operations. Keeping accurate records, in real-time, of the thousands of parts that go into building a car would make Toyota more efficient, and could also help during supply chain disruptions. Short mention of various other practical supply chain management applications for blockchain are made below: International clients may require certification of origin documents, best created, validated, and secured with blockchain’s notarisation characteristics. Change of ownership midway through a shipment, called Merchanting, is made possible, as well as the possibility to trace back the origin of all components of a finished item’s bills of material. The use of third party logistics service providers (3PL’s), ocean carriers, and freight forwarders can be regulated and automatically controlled by irrevocable and immutable smart contract execution. Goods returned for repairs or refurbishment are managed within strict processes to ensure that repairs follow strict protocols, and once refurbished, the products are again compliant with specifications and criteria that blockchain’s notarisation efficiently can resolve. Goods moving within a return logistics process may also be subject to warranty clauses that require changing the title of possession. Similarly, malfunctioning goods could be traced all the way back to the origin of components, to perform a root-cause analysis and identify the source of defect. It is thus clear that the flows of warranties, goods for repairs, and associated costs and specifications can be controlled via smart contracts, and the irrevocability of the transactions throughout the product’s lifecycle together with the possibility to access valid and notarized documents make blockchain a very good fit for this type of supply chain activities. In Summary There are a multitude more examples of how blockchain is starting to impact all kind of supply chains and related activities. Regardless of the application, blockchain offers industry the following advantages: Increase supply chain speed – electronic contracts that automate the transfer of ownership of the goods and authorise the release of payments. Because the money will move faster, supply chains will move faster. Increase supply chain security and visibility – security and visibility are often perceived as opposing forces, the one curtailed by the other. The reasons for this are: It is distributed in nature. There is no master computer or platform holding the entire chain. Each participating node have a copy of the chain. When someone wants to add a transaction to the chain, the majority of participants in the network will have to validate it. Everyone participating in a blockchain network, whether permissioned/private or permissionless/public, can see the blocks and the transactions stored in them. This doesn’t mean everyone can see the actual content of the transactions – that is protected by each participant’s private key. The database can only be extended and previous records cannot be changed. Increase supply chain integration – Blockchain takes digitisation of the supply chain to an altogether much higher level. Digitisation exponentially increase the potential for integration and convergence of technologies and systems. This makes blockchain the ideal candidate for a “supply chain operating system”. Greater scalability – With no master computer or platform holding the entire chain, as is the case with current supply chain management platforms and enterprise resource planning systems, a blockchain network can scale with the Internet. By Jan van Rooyen, Strategic Solutions Lead at Resolve Blockchainfinancesponsored « Vodacom offers YouTube Smart Offline 2017: A Tipping Point for Cloud » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Stream your drone footage with these goggles June 2, 2017 26% of media consumption will be mobile in 2019 June 2, 2017 IoT network to provide reliable machine connectivity to Nigeria June 2, 2017 Artificial Intelligence – heading for The Cloud(s) June 2, 2017 Gartner: Mobile app development is not accelerating June 2, 2017 Attendees give Education Innovation Summit 2017 the thumbs up June 2, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Veeam announces new Co-CEOs May 17, 2017 SA Rocket Scientist Wins Big May 12, 2017 Interview: Jasper Westerink CEO of Phillips Africa April 19, 2017 Top Female Tech Entreprenuer to Chair AfriLabs Board April 12, 2017 eBay Founder Pledges $100 Million In Fight Against Fake News April 6, 2017 Interview: Ross Hickey Of Trinity Telecom Discusses IoT April 4, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Innovation April 4, 2017 Twitter Mourns The Passing Of Ahmed Kathrada March 28, 2017 Interview: Dr Mumick of Kirusa discusses telecoms in emerging markets March 17, 2017 Interview: Underwriter Laboratories’s Steven Jackets discusses The Future of Authetication March 16, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader
Letters to the Editor Contact Us About Us Subscribe to TYT Advertise With Us Sunday 04 June, 2017 New cycle path added on Cancun's Huayacan Avenue Puerto Morelos bans pets on the beach Tizimín, Yucatan is boosted as a new pole of tourism and commercial development Leftist party in tight race for key Mexico state vote, polls show Questions persist about how a South Carolina couple's lost boat ended up in Cozumel Home News Peninsula Merida Valladolid Beach Communities Yucatan Campeche Q. Roo Riviera Maya National International Crime Travel Lifestyle Expat Community Art and Culture Events Calendar Entertainment Yuca Planet Historic Yucatan Maya Universe Environment Wildlife Pets Real Estate House of the Week Business Business YucaTech Food and Drink Medical Tourism Specialists Hospitals Pharmaceutical Wellness Columns Directory Published On: Fri, May 26th, 2017 Business / Business-new / Headlines / Merida / National / News / Peninsula | By Yucatan Times Yucatan Wal-Mart employees expected to strike Saturday over profit sharing Share This Tags Wal-Mart didn’t give its employees the corresponding profit sharing. MERIDA — Employees of the Walmart and Bodega Aurrerá chains, both in Merida and Motul, called for a strike on Saturday May 27, because they received only between 180 and 400 pesos as profit sharing (a mandatory annual payment that enterprises must do for their employees in Mexico). According to their lawyers, the employees should have received at least one thousand pesos. (Photo: Google) The federal delegate of the Secretary of Labor in Yucatan, Ricardo Béjar Herrera, indicated that they are monitoring the companies to remind them that they must pay this benefit for the workers. He indicated that the number of employees that have come to the Federal Attorney’s Office of Labor Defense (Peofedet) this year is large, in search of advice regarding this benefit, since more than half of the companies in Yucatán have not yet deposited the profits or were declared “without profits”, meaning they will not provide such payment. “As of May 31, companies that do not comply with this payment, despite having obtained financial profits in fiscal year 2016, will be awarded a penalty ranging from 250 to five thousand pesos minimum wages,” he said. Béjar Herrera said that such payment can only be made with cash and not through merchandise, vouchers, tokens or any other representative sign with which it is intended to replace the currency. Source: sipse.com/milenio/ Mexico Travel Care Comments comments Related News Optimistic tourism future for Merida and Yucatan: Sefotur Deported U.S. military veterans commemorate Memorial Day in Mexico Supreme Court of Justice submits resolution on Merida’s UBER case Palacio Cantón restoration works are almost done Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) XHTML: You can use these html tags: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Mexico Travel Care KINUH Home Contact Us Headlines Local News DISCLAIMER All Rights Reserved The Yucatan Times 2014 This popup will close in: CLOSE Yucatan Wal-Mart employees expected to strike Saturday over profit sharing
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks to rival Wal-Mart in the US Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks to rival Wal-Mart in the US Amazon.com Inc. opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market By: Bloomberg | Seattle | Updated: May 26, 2017 5:38 pm Amazon opened a convenience store format called “Amazon Go” that lets shoppers check in with a smartphone app. (Image for representation, Source: Reuters) Related News Delhi: 5 rob Amazon delivery agent at gunpoint, 3 held Apple WWDC 2017: Siri speaker is coming, to take on Google Home, Amazon Echo Xiaomi Redmi 4 sale today: Comparison against Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5, and more Amazon.com Inc. opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The “AmazonFresh Pickup” spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Each location has parking spaces beneath canopies similar to those seen at gas stations. Grocery sales have been slow to shift online, unlike books and electronics, leaving Amazon at a disadvantage to competitors like Wal-Mart, Target Corp. and supermarket chain Kroger Co. Amazon is experimenting with brick-and-mortar concepts to get a toehold in grocery sales while its competitors add online options to their existing stores. Amazon also opened a convenience store format called “Amazon Go” that lets shoppers check in with a smartphone app, grab sandwiches, salads and other items they want from shelves and leave without having to check out. Instead, customers get billed automatically. The format is being tested by employees, who have found the technology crashes when the store gets too crowded, according to people familiar with the matter.   More Related News Nokia 3310 dupes are here: Check out Darago 3310, Micromax X1i (2017) Google woos developers to catch Amazon in digital assistant race For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Amazon No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar; say it supports 'terrorism' J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Jun 05: Latest News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Chris Pine slams Avengers: Infinity War title Centre’s cattle slaughter ban triggers rise in global beef prices: Report Oil price rises on tightening supplies, Middle East tensions J-K forest fire: Massive fire ravages 50 hectares of Thanpal forest area in Nowshera                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps open News open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Business Finder Obituaries open Jobs Autos Real Estate open Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports open Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining open Living open Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Breaking News - MassLive.com Springfield Walmart shopper denies groping 3 female customers; bail set at $2,500 Updated on May 26, 2017 at 7:34 AM Posted on May 26, 2017 at 7:33 AM (The Republican) By Jack Flynn SPRINGFIELD - It was all groping and no shopping when a Springfield man paid a visit to Walmart last week, according to the police report. Shakeem Butler, 28, pleaded not guilty Monday in Springfield District Court to three counts of indecent assault and battery stemming from his visit to the Boston Road department store Saturday night. Just after 6 p.m., police received a call that a male was bumping into female shoppers and grabbing their buttocks, Assistant District Attorney Cary Szafranski said. One customer said a man touched her upper thigh as he walked past her in the lingerie section. When she turned to walk away, he grabbed her buttocks, according to the arrest report. A second woman said Butler walked by her twice, touching her left buttocks each time. "She tried to ignore it when the third time Mr. Butler grabbed her right buttocks and squeezed it," the report said. A third woman said Butler groped her once as he walked by. All three women confronted Butler, complained to store management and agreed to give statements to police, the report said. Butler, still in the store when police arrived, was identified by the women and arrested. Booked at police headquarters, he was held over the weekend for arraignment Monday. In court, Szafranski asked for $2,500 bail, citing the new charges and Butler's five-page criminal record. Defense lawyer Patrick Goodreau opposed the bail request and asked Judge Michele Ouimet-Rooke to release Butler on personal recognizance. Butler denies the allegations and the store was crowded, making inadvertent touching possible, Goodreau said. Surveillance video from the store will ultimately determine the outcome of the case, and the video is not yet available, Goodreau said. The judge set bail at $2,500 and ordered Butler to stay away from the store if released. He is due back in court for a pretrial hearing on June 22. A Greenfield native, Butler is single and works for a shipping company, according to court records. He had no wallet, and two hair combs were the only items found in his pockets at the time of his arrest, the report said. View Comments About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries LV Business Cycle Retail Whole Foods fans seen as key to turnaround EMILY PAINE / THE MORNING CALL Interior of the Lehigh Valley's first Whole Foods Market which opened September 28 at the  Hamilton Crossings shopping center in Lower Macungie Township. Interior of the Lehigh Valley's first Whole Foods Market which opened September 28 at the  Hamilton Crossings shopping center in Lower Macungie Township. (EMILY PAINE / THE MORNING CALL) Craig GiammonaOf Bloomberg Whole Foods fans seen as key to turnaround Inside the Whole Foods Market in midtown Manhattan at lunchtime, it's easy to forget that the organic supermarket chain is suffering its biggest crisis since going public in 1992. A line 20-people deep waits at a juice and espresso bar near the bustling store entrance across from Bryant Park. In the food hall upstairs, the tables are packed with customers noshing on superfood salads and sushi. Too harried to stop for oysters, many shoppers order Nashville-style fried chicken sandwiches from digital kiosks and sample cold brew from Stumptown Coffee Roasters. Whole Foods Market, facing pressure from restless shareholders after nearly two years of sliding sales, still has cachet in New York and other pockets of the U.S. That unique foodie appeal is key to a turnaround if Chief Executive Officer John Mackey is able to improve operations, said Charles Kantor, a managing director at Neuberger Berman, one of the grocery chain's 10 biggest investors. "He got all the hard things right over the years, but he didn't get the easy stuff right," Kantor said. "There hasn't been laserlike focus in a long time." As grocers fight for traffic amid an intense price war and the threat of e-commerce, Whole Foods stands out among its peers with its prepared foods and in-house restaurants that make its stores destinations. The challenge for Mackey, who co-founded the company in 1980, is how to assuage Wall Street by boosting profits without ruining what made Whole Foods wildly popular in the first place. Andrew Wagaman Whole Foods Market has decided to prohibit overnight deliveries to its location at the Hamilton Crossings shopping center after residential neighbors and Lower Macungie Township officials complained about the noise. Sara Pandl, township planning director, told the Board of Commissioners last week... Whole Foods Market has decided to prohibit overnight deliveries to its location at the Hamilton Crossings shopping center after residential neighbors and Lower Macungie Township officials complained about the noise. Sara Pandl, township planning director, told the Board of Commissioners last week... (Andrew Wagaman) "They have to do two things at the same time that are diametrically opposed," said Roger Davidson, a former Wal-Mart grocery executive who works as a consultant. "They have to make sure they don't dumb it down." The hubbub at newer Whole Foods locations like the one in midtown Manhattan illustrates a brand loyalty that most retailers would envy, especially when brick-and-mortar stores are closing at a record pace. Neuberger Berman increased its stake in the company in 2015 because of its rare ability to "connect in an emotional way" with shoppers, said Kantor. The firm owns about 2.7 percent of Whole Foods shares, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Jennifer Sheehan Deliciously dreamy pillows of ice cream. That's how I would describe mochi ice cream, a trendy dessert I recently tried for the first time. Many of my friends know of it from their travels to Hawaii and the Left Coast. But for me, mochi ice cream was all new. Whole Foods at Hamilton Crossings in... Deliciously dreamy pillows of ice cream. That's how I would describe mochi ice cream, a trendy dessert I recently tried for the first time. Many of my friends know of it from their travels to Hawaii and the Left Coast. But for me, mochi ice cream was all new. Whole Foods at Hamilton Crossings in... (Jennifer Sheehan) In September, the company opened the Lehigh Valley's first Whole Foods supermarket at the Hamilton Crossings shopping center in Lower Macungie Township. There was a time, before the current slump, when the arrival of a Whole Foods store meant shoppers would get access to products that weren't widely available elsewhere. The stores became magnets for foodies and affluent customers who were more likely to buy kale than iceberg lettuce. And usually there was little competition to lure them away. Now, the competitive ground has shifted. Whole Foods, which has about 450 U.S. stores, is getting pummeled by Kroger, Wal-Mart, Costco and other retail giants that have muscled into a market that it helped create. Sales have dropped for seven straight quarters, and shareholders are getting agitated. Jana Partners, the activist hedge fund, announced a stake in Whole Foods last month, pushing for wholesale changes including a possible sale of the company. The news sent shares soaring 10 percent on April 10. Hoping to avoid a proxy fight, Whole Foods recently announced it would overhaul its board of directors by adding five new members. The company had hoped the changes would appease Jana, but the hedge fund rejected a proposed truce, preferring to keep its options open. In a bid to reignite sales and profit growth by October 2018, Whole Foods also said it would expand its nascent loyalty program and use data to improve how it stocks products. A few months earlier, Whole Foods abandoned its 1,200-store target, which had come under fire from Wall Street for being overly ambitious. The grocery chain is now focusing on relocating smaller stores to bigger nearby locations, banking that it can create flagships that double as dining destinations. "We've had tremendous success with those stores," Mackey said on a recent conference call, citing locations in Chicago, Philadelphia and New York. Whole Foods also recently said it was doubling its cost-savings target to $600 million by the end of fiscal 2020, with a plan to invest some of that money in lower prices. The grocer has been dogged by its reputation for being overpriced — customers gave it the tongue-in-cheek nickname "Whole Paycheck" — making it tricky to bring in new shoppers. And while the chain can't win a price war with the likes of Kroger, Wal-Mart and the German chain Aldi, getting some of its prices more in line with conventional stores is still a key piece of a potential turnaround. Whole Foods can stand out with local cheese and olive oil that can't be found elsewhere, but it needs to lower prices on standard fare like organic milk, industry analysts say. Morning Call staff contributed. Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Whole Foods Market Analysis: Why Whole Foods is now struggling Why Whole Foods is now struggling PICTURES: An inside look at Whole Foods Market in Lower Macungie Twp. Wawa lawsuit forces Dawa convenience store to change its name Guardian Life Insurance's new Lehigh Valley home: light, bright and huge Breaking Obits Prom Sports Biz Cycle Arts & Ent Popular Classifieds 61°
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 80° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Updated: June 04, 2017 - 5:56 am KAPAHI — Janice Ferraz rode her bicycle every day, no matter where she went. She even bicycled to work at St. Catherine School. Comments (3) Connoisseur’s Culinary Journey showcases local fare around the islands Updated: June 04, 2017 - 5:55 am HANALEI — Volunteers at the Waipa Foundation were cranking out the usual 1,200 pounds of poi to sell throughout the island on Thursday, but there were extra people in the ranks. Comments (0) Recent Monkeypod Jam wins business plan competition Talk story with Bill Fernandez Arrest log for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Young Brothers posts flat first quarter Obituaries for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Haena-to-Hanalei run a success Posted: June 04, 2017 - 1:00 am HANALEI — When Mark Goodman received his prizes for winning the Haena to Hanalei 8-mile walk Saturday morning, he was beaming. Comments (0) Running in the Ivy League Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am LIHUE — It took a while for Kaeo Kruse to settle into life on the East Coast. Comments (0) Recent Weston-Webb second in Fiji Sailboat Junior Invitational races in heavy winds Showtime tonight Three-pointers fuel Na Koa sweep Fiji Women’s final moved to Saturday Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am On Friday evening, July 1, 1960, a party celebrating the opening that day of Inter-Island Resorts’ Kauai Surf Hotel at Kalapaki was held at the Planter’s Bar lanai of the new hotel. Comments (0) Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Posted: June 04, 2017 - 12:05 am South Korea’s iconic female K-pop group, 2NE1, disbanded end of last year as members decided to pursue solo careers. Sistar, another popular female K-pop group, disbanded last week after being together for 7 years and many hits. Comments (0) Recent Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Births for Sunday, June 4, 2017 Get a ‘Taste’ of this one Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News Local Obituaries Obituaries for Friday, May 26, 2017 Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Friday, May 26, 2017 12:00 am Obituaries for Friday, May 26, 2017 0 comments Terrisita ‘Terry’ Maximo Terrisita “Terry’ Maximo of Lihue passed away on May 17, at the age of 60. She was born in Lihue, May 14, 1957, and was a department manager at Walmart. She was preceded in death by her Parents Eliceo and Marcela Maximo and brother Michael Maximo. Terry is survived by her brother Fred Maximo, sisters Doris Pina, Frances Maximo, Linda (Eddie) StaAna, Leona (Sixto) Tagupa, Lisa Marie Bernabe; companion Bill Adams; her pet dogs Lily and Charlie; nephew Michael Miranda and nieces Brooke Tagupa, Jennifer (Eric) Miller, Kelly Tagupa, Danielle (Tyler) Kluender and Nicki Adams-Romena; grandniece’s Rita and Eleanor Miller. A celebration of life will be held on May 27, 2017, at Immaculate Conception Church with visitation from 8 to 9:30 a.m. and Mass celebrated at 10 a.m. Scattering of ashes will be at a later date. Kauai Memorial Gardens & Funeral Home assisted the Maximo family with arrangements. Wayne ‘Wayne-Zu’ Masahiro Tanaka Wayne ‘Wayne-Zu’ Masahiro Tanaka, 77, of Wailua, Kauai became a heavenly angel on April 25, 2017. He was born in Pahala, Hawaii and raised on Honolulu, Oahu. After graduating from McKinley High School class of 1958 he worked for Coca-Cola Bottling Company on Oahu as a driver/salesman, then moved to Kauai in 1975 to be the Branch Manager for Coca-Cola Bottling Company Kauai. He retired from Coca-Cola in 2002 after 44 years of service. He enjoyed spending time with his family and the Wailua Ohana, taking his grandchildren on outdoor activities, playing golf with the Westside Golf Club and the Wailua Ohana Friday Clubbers, and kicking back at the 19th hole. He will be forever missed by: his wife Edwina “Kaui” Kau Tanaka; son Todd (Jessell) Tanaka of Lihue, Kauai; daughters Tisha (Keoke) Cotner of Bedford, Texas, and Tiffany (Trinity) Pesamino of Ewa Beach, Oahu; grandchildren Kalauonaonaeho’ohiwahiwaikamakana, Kekaneli’imaikalani, Kassidy, Kelson, Jaden, Jaxon, and Jurney; brothers Alvin (Patricia) Tanaka and Harold Tanaka; and nieces and nephews. A celebration of life will be on Friday June 2, 2017, at the Kapaa Seventh-Day Adventist Church. Visitation at 9 a.m., service at 10:30 a.m. Private interment will be held at a later date. Edith Kirie Kojiri Edith Kirie Kojiri of Hanapepe, passed away at the age of 85 on May 16, 2017, at Kaua’i Care Center. Born on Dec. 22, 1931, in Ele’ele, she was an Occupational Therapy Aide. She is survived by her husband, Masami Kojiri; sons, Rodney Kojiri of Hanapepe, and Clyde Kojiri of Hanapepe; daughter, Amy (Michael) Liberato of Hanapepe; grandchildren: Tiana Kojiri, Llowen Liberato, Llayla (Jan) Bartolome, and Llara Liberato; great-grandchildren: Lyon Bartolome, and Kolten Kojiri-Perreira; sister, Ann Matsuoka of Ele’ele; and numerous nieces, nephews and cousins. Memorial services will be held on Saturday, May 27, 2017, at the Garden Island Mortuary Chapel in Lawai. Visitation will begin at 3 p.m. with a Celebration of Life to follow at 4 p.m. Casual attire is suggested and flowers are being omitted. Arrangements were handled by Garden Island Mortuary, Ltd. Keichi ‘Jonah’ Yamamoto Keichi ‘Jonah’ Yamamoto of Lawai, was born on April 2, 1924, in Honolulu and passed away on May 7, 2017, at Wilcox Hospital. He was a retired warehouse clerk and U.S. Army Veteran. Preceded in death by his wife, Nora (Nishiie) Yamamoto; sister, Helen Kure; and brother, Alfred Yamamoto Sr. Jonah is survived by his son, Bruce (Cathy) Yamamoto; daughter, Joan (Larry) Heller; and grandchildren, Jill Yamamoto and Nathan Heller. A private service has been held with appreciation to the Garden Island Mortuary, Ltd. Kayla Kaohinani ‘Kay-Kay’ Huddy-Lemn Kayla Kaohinani “Kay-Kay” Huddy-Lemn, 19, of Anahola passed away on April 27. She was born on June 20, 1997, in Lihue, Kauai at Wilcox Memorial Hospital. She was employed at Brick Oven Pizza. Kayla is survived by her parents, Nathan Lemn and Verna Huddy, a beloved sister, Zaiana Huddy-Lemn and nephew Kaizaic Watson. Kayla left behind many aunties, uncles, loving cousins and numerous friends. Kayla’s services will be held on June 10, 2017, at Koolau Huuia Church in Anahola from 9 a.m. to noon. A celebration of life will follow at Anahola Beach Park. © 2017 Thegardenisland.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Discuss Print   Posted in Obituaries, Homepage on Friday, May 26, 2017 12:00 am. Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Online poll Who will win the NBA Championship? Total Votes: 209 Cleveland (Yay) 18 9% Golden State (Boo) 83 40% I don’t follow basketball and don’t care. 108 52% Loading… Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Scooby to the rescue More arrests in Kalalau Polihale has some pull Business is booming Rose-ringed solution All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing STOCK WARS: Revenge of the Tech Published Wed, May 24, 2017  |  Jonathan Rodriguez, Senior Analyst Tech stocks dropped 3% following Trump’s election. 73% of tech stocks beat analyst earnings estimates. A new way to play tech’s comeback. Also recommended: Deep-sea killing machines rattle U.S. military officials. As you may know, earnings season officially came to a close last week with a quarterly report from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. And it’s now clear that American companies — and investors — have plenty to get excited about. According to Bespoke Investment Group, 61% of companies beat analyst estimates for earnings — right in line with the historical average. But more importantly, 63% of companies have beat top-line estimates this season. At this pace, this quarter could see the largest revenue beat rate since Q4 2014. And as Jonathan Rodriguez points out, one sector is leaving the rest of the market in the dust… Ahead of the tape, Louis Basenese Chief Investment Strategist, Wall Street Daily Time to Stack Your Deck With Tech Stocks What a difference six months make… On Nov. 9, the day after Donald Trump was elected president, the stock market exploded. The Dow added 257 points after diving nearly 900 points overnight. And on hopes of tax cuts, infrastructure spending and industry deregulation, the market’s biggest laggards quickly became the stars of 2016: financials, materials and health care stocks. Furthermore, the market’s strongest sector by far — technology — fell 3% in the week after the election, while the S&P 500 rose 2%. It was quite a reversal. But as this earnings season — the first of Trump’s presidency — has proved so far to investors, it doesn’t always pay to jump the gun… According to data from the number crunchers at Bespoke Investment Group, 73% of tech stocks beat analyst earnings estimates. That’s eight percentage points higher than the current beat rate for all stocks (65%). And FactSet notes that 72% of tech firms in the S&P 500 beat revenue estimates, too. These results have investors thinking twice about running for the exits on tech… Sellers Remorse? Since the start of the year, XLK — the ETF that tracks large-cap tech stocks — is up 14%. That’s twice the gain of the S&P 500 over the same period. What about the “Trump trade” darlings of late 2016? Not so hot… Health care names have gained 10% on the year. But materials have gained 5%, and financials are up less than 1%. While it’s true that many individual tech stocks sport hefty valuations, the tech sector at large trades at just 18 times forward earnings — 25% below the S&P. And with billions in cash on hand, tech firms will continue to reward shareholders with buybacks, dividends and takeovers that supercharge growth. Better still, if you were one of the hasty investors who dumped their tech stocks for Trump trade stocks… you’re in luck. Here’s a small-cap tech name that could help supercharge your 2017 returns… Cleaning up Shop Ultra Clean Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: UCTT) is a tech firm that specializes in manufacturing semiconductor capital equipment. Put simply, Ultra Clean makes the machines that tech device-makers use to craft semiconductor components for their products. And though the company is a rising star in the semiconductor manufacturing space, Ultra Clean is still one of the smallest — boasting a market cap of just $750 million. After a prolonged downturn in the semiconductor industry, business is now booming… The company booked $205 million in revenue in the first quarter — a 69% increase from the same period last year. For the full fiscal year 2016, sales rose 20% from the previous year, to $563 million. Management reported adjusted earnings of 47 cents, versus analyst estimates of 42 cents. That represents an upside surprise of 12%. Ultra Clean trades at 0.9 enterprise value to sales — a 74% discount to the peer average. Shares also trade at 11.8 times forward earnings — a 41% discount to the industry (19.9) and 62% below tech stocks overall (30.9). And fiscal 2017 earnings are forecast to nearly triple from last year. In fact, the stock could easily add another 10% through the end of the year simply by applying the stock’s five-year P/E multiple (13.3) to full-year earnings. Over the last year, shares have soared to an all-time high as Ultra Clean’s fundamentals improve. The stock is up 309% over the last year. That’s eight times small-cap tech stocks and 13 times the rise of the S&P 600. In short, the company is on fantastic financial footing, and the stock is in a solid uptrend. Bottom line: Tech stocks are primed to soar this year as earnings improve and investors rush to buy back shares they sold off after the election. And Ultra Clean represents one of the sector’s hottest momentum stocks, backed by a rock-solid balance sheet. On the hunt, Jonathan Rodriguez Senior Analyst, Wall Street Daily Jonathan Rodriguez has helped develop successful products that earned readers triple-digit gains. With a focus in options trading, he has worked alongside the brightest minds in the financial industry to uncover timely and profitable investment opportunities. Learn More >> Related Articles Tech Investing Now as Inescapable as Trump Stock Market Lull Calls for Extreme Measures Dangerous Retirement Myth – BUSTED Investors Pull off the Impossible With Apple Shares Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Innovation “State of the Internet” in 3 Charts By Louis Basenese - Jun 2, 2017 Venture capitalist Mary Meeker’s annual Internet Trends report is an absolute must-read. So it’s become a tradition of ours to distill it down to the five or six most compelling and insightful charts each year. Here are the first three… GeoMacro Hell Freezes Over… By Louis Basenese - May 18, 2017 This geopolitical event — Britain’s Snap Election — is set to trigger one of two potential outcomes. Now, imagine striking it rich regardless of which outcome occurs. Win both ways? When hell freezes over, right? Not when you see this… Special Situations Investors Pull off the Impossible With Apple Shares By Jonathan Rodriguez - May 31, 2017 Most investors would think that doubling your money on Apple would be impossible at this time. That is, until they see this easy solution. SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2017 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts John Oliver salutes UK man who says terrorists can’t keep him away from gin, men and ‘brilliant women’ NSA Director Mike Rogers poised to ‘drop a bomb’ on Trump admin during Wednesday testimony: MSNBC UK professor rips Trump’s mindless response to terror attacks: ‘Were you genetically engineered to be stupid?’ Fearing for her life, Iowa Democrat abandons race to unseat GOP Rep. Steve King North Carolina woman admits leading 30 parishioners in beating of gay church member to expel his ‘demons’ Evangelicals who propelled Trump to White House now faced with rising army of ‘hidden atheists’ Kushner told coworker Trump knew birtherism was a lie but ‘Republicans are stupid and they’ll buy it’ Monty Python’s John Cleese hilariously rebuts ‘stupid’ Twitter troll: ‘Read what I said. It’s about you’ Trump’s childhood church no longer wants him: ‘His policies go against our Biblical teaching’ Noam Chomsky on Trump: The Worst Is Yet to Come ‘You black b*tch!’: Miss Black Texas alleges cops arrested her after she was victim of chief’s ‘road rage’ Sarah K. Burris 25 May 2017 at 23:54 ET                    Carmen Ponder and Police Chief Kerry Crews (Photos: Facebook and Commerce Police Department) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory Twenty-three-year-old beauty queen Carmen Ponder was arrested and charged with evading arrest this weekend after avoiding a swerving truck on a road. The truck, however, was being driven by Hunt County Police Chief Kerry Crews. According to the Dallas Morning News, Ponder said that she was driving to a Walmart when she was cut off by a black truck driving erratically. She explained that the truck was driving in and out of lanes and made several sudden stops. She feared it was a drunk driver and drove around the truck before turning into the store’s parking lot. She said that the truck then pulled in beside her, Crews got out and began screaming profanities at her. He told her that he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter how to drive and that Ponder should not have driven around their truck. Ponder informed him that it was illegal for a 14-year-old to be driving and turned to walk into Walmart. According to Ponder, Crew then shouted back at her, “Oh, whatever, you black b*tch!” As she walked out of the store an officer in plain clothes approached her with his badge and began yelling at her. He said that she upset the police chief and should apologize. Ponder declined and continued walking to her car. She said that the officer then grabbed her arm and told her she was being detained. Other officers then arrived in plain clothes and claimed she was evading arrest. She was then handcuffed, taken into custody and held for 24 hours before being charged with evading arrest. Charges were ultimately dropped but Ponder’s attorney said that they are requesting the chief be fired and assault charges be filed against the officer who grabbed and bruised her. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Crews disputes Ponder’s account, saying that it was she that approached him and that she “failed to comply with [Crews’] requests.” As a result, she was arrested for “evading arrest or detention.” NEW: Press release just issued by City of Commerce disputes Carmen Ponder's account of racially-charged exchange w/ police chief. @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/hs6D2v75K3 — Meredith Yeomans (@YeomansNBC5) May 25, 2017 Report typos and corrections to [email protected] About the Author Next on Raw Story > Professional racist Richard Spencer makes his money off cotton farms and black labor By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion New Stories Professional racist Richard Spencer makes his money off cotton farms and black labor Noam Chomsky on Trump: The Worst Is Yet to Come John Oliver salutes UK man who says terrorists can’t keep him away from gin, men and ‘brilliant women’ Trump’s ‘sluggish’ pace filling federal jobs is making US more vulnerable to terror attacks ‘Another load of nonsense’: Putin denies having blackmail material on Trump Raw Story SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Trump News Noam Chomsky on Trump: The Worst Is Yet to Come Trump’s ‘sluggish’ pace filling federal jobs is making US more vulnerable to terror attacks ‘Another load of nonsense’: Putin denies having blackmail material on Trump Putin’s shrugs off dinner with Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ Police keep violence in check at Portland ‘Trump Free Speech’ rally Kushner told coworker Trump knew birtherism was a lie but ‘Republicans are stupid and they’ll buy it’ New Videos Noam Chomsky on Trump: The Worst Is Yet to Come John Oliver salutes UK man who says terrorists can’t keep him away from gin, men and ‘brilliant women’ ‘Another load of nonsense’: Putin denies having blackmail material on Trump ‘Someone help me, I’ve just been stabbed!’: London Bridge survivor tells harrowing story of attack Kushner told coworker Trump knew birtherism was a lie but ‘Republicans are stupid and they’ll buy it’ SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
BREAKING NEWS: Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Reviews Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket All Cricket Stories ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper Budgets Budget 2017-18 Budget 2016-17 Budget 2015-16 Budget 2014-15 Budget 2013-14 Budget 2012-13 Budget 2011-12 Budget 2010-11 Budget 2009-10 Budget 2008-09 Budget 2007-08 All Budgets Home »BR Research » Brief Recordings » “Commerce Ministry should target bringing 50 big brands to Pakistan” Brief Recordings “Commerce Ministry should target bringing 50 big brands to Pakistan” BR Research May 26th, 2017 09:20 0 Ahmad Kamal is the CEO of Kamal Limited ? one of the oldest names in Pakistani textile. Starting with just a spinning mill in 1954, Kamal Limited today represents a vertically integrated textile conglomerate with $150 million in exports annually.  Recently, the company entered the world of retail with its brand ?So Kamal.? BR Research sat down with Ahmed Kamal to discuss the brand, the future of the company, and the ongoing issues in the textile industry. Below are edited transcripts of the interview. Business Recorder Research: Tell us a little bit about your company and its history. Ahmed Kamal: I' m a third-generation businessman. My grandfather started this company. He came back from Calcutta after independence and put up a factory in Faisalabad that was one of the first few factories that started in Pakistan. Then, we diverted towards the chemical side, but we came back to textile as we believed that textile is the basic industry of Pakistan and it had opportunity to grow because of cotton availability. So, the family concentrated towards the textile sector. In our group, we have all the operations - spinning, weaving, printing, processing, home textile, garment manufacturing, socks manufacturing, and now retail. BRR: How many employees do you hire? AK: Around 12,000 BRR: What is the total volume of your exports? Which markets do you export to? AK: Kamal Limited is 95 percent export-oriented. As a group, we do around $150 million. Our growth is more than 10 percent every year. We are everywhere in the world ? US, Europe, South America. BRR: Which is the lion?s share? AK: Home textile - about $100 million. BRR: How did your business benefit from GSP Plus? AK: GSP Plus has played a very key role and our business has grown 30-40 percent in Europe since then. It was a big advantage for Pakistan ? Bangladesh already enjoyed GSP Plus facility before, but now with this facility given to Pakistan I see a big opportunity in garments. In home textile, we always had an edge on Bangladesh and India, but when we talk about the progress in exports in Bangladesh it is all based on garments. Garment is a segment that fetches more value-addition than home textiles. The key to their success was GSP Plus; that facility gave them the opportunity to grow their business to a level where buyers got interested in that country. And when the buyers got interested in that country, you?ll be amazed to know that today, directly and indirectly, there are more than 200 brands sitting in Bangladesh. If you talk about Pakistan, there are maybe 10 brands with their buying offices here. In value-addition, our exports are $6 billion whereas out of Bangladesh?s $32 billion textile exports, $28 billion is garments. It is the customer that wants to come to the factory, wants to see the production in front of them, improve the techniques, learn what new products they can get from the factory, etc. If there is a free flow and the customer can come with security and peace to your manufacturing facility, it can really facilitate the growth of your business. I talked to the Commerce Minister. I told him that instead of these expos and bringing in small retailers or unrelated ?delegates? to just fill up the slots, what we should do is make a proper strategy and target customers. As a Commerce Ministry, they should target ten big brands of garment, home textile, and knitted garments; we should approach them, visit them, give them the facility that they should come and open their offices here. I have been telling the Commerce Ministry that if you can have a diplomatic enclave, why can?t you have a buyer?s enclave? They should be treated like a VIP. If those brands come and have a presence in Pakistan, it will really boost our exports. For example, we were supplying to Sainsbury?s. One day, Sainsbury?s called my team from UK and said they will not be able to buy from us anymore. They told us that although we had the highest marks in this category and were one of the best performers, their board has decided that we are not going to source our goods from a country where we cannot travel. BRR: How do you differentiate our commercial counselors/commercial attach‚s to counterparts in India and Bangladesh? AK: As far as their competence and commitment go, there is nothing wrong with them. They need the proper direction, tools, and resources to tap those accounts. Sometimes a commercial counselor doesn?t have that profile to go and meet the president of Sainsbury?s or Tesco or Disney or Wal-Mart. You might need your ambassador or commerce minister to go there; to invite them, call on them, and market as a country. The target for Commerce Ministry should be to bring 50 big brands to Pakistan. BRR: Do you think cost competitiveness is an issue in our declining exports? AK: Yes. In textile, the biggest cost after raw material is energy. You can have this energy produced by either gas, electricity, or burning. For example, in my processing area I have three kinds of energy resources: I need electricity to run my machines, steam to wash my cloth and heating for certain purposes. I make my electricity either from gas or I buy it from WAPDA. The industry pays 100 percent of what it consumes from WAPDA. Yet, the government is imposing Rs3.6 surcharge as theft surcharge. The cost of electricity is Rs10 plus Rs3.6 surcharge which other sectors are stealing. Why should I pay for somebody else?s theft? And when I will pay for that, I will put it in my cost. Why would Wal-Mart pay for that? How does that make me competitive? The government asked me to put up coal steam boilers because there was no gas. I already pay 30 percent of the cost to bring the coal from Karachi to here and then when the whole of Faisalabad put up coal plants to make steam, they put duty on it. In our factories, we have put up power plants three times. First, they asked us to put power plant on diesel, then they gave a policy that you should use furnace oil because they reduced the duty on it. Now they said gas will be available to you and then one fine morning, there was no gas for Punjab. BRR: Tell us about the issue of refunds. Are you cash-strapped? Is it hindering your business? AK: Of course. Today, 30-35 percent of our equity is stuck up in refunds, because for one year they have not paid us our sales tax. There is no tax on an exporter as a sales tax. We were a collecting agent. They did a very good thing that from July 2016 they made us zero-rated. Still, the packaging material that you buy will be subjected to sales tax, no refund. On a macro level, Pakistan is doing well and has seen industrial growth, but only those industries which are protected and pampered. You say power companies are doing really well. Why? You give them an upfront tariff of 17 percent. They are guaranteed a 17 percent return in dollar terms whether they produce or not. You say banking industry is doing really well. Where in the world is there a spread of six percent? Government is giving protection to banking, fertilizer, and automobile sectors. I am not against their protection. I am against the fact that on my sector, you are charging surcharge of theft done by others; you are making me a withholding agent and not paying my money back after one year. In China, it is refunded in seven days; my refunds are stuck up for 14 months. I don?t have customers coming here because of law and order situation. I have to travel; at this time, three of my teams are traveling in different parts of the world. One is in Spain, one in Primark in Dublin, and one is in the US for my garments. I am paying for all of this. BRR: Have you gone through any expansion in your textile business? AK: Yes, we have just put up one more weaving unit using the facility of Long-term financing. That?s for our exports. BRR: Is your spinning unit catering exclusively to your own use or are you giving it to the market as well? AK: We mostly use it within the company. We buy a lot of yarn also as our spinning capacity is much less than our consumption. BRR: Tell us about the company?s growth. What were your exports five years ago and what will your exports be five years down the line? AK: Five years ago, exports were half of what they are today. We doubled in five years and if things are right, we can double it again! We have the capacities available. We need the resources; we need only our money should be paid back to us and the incentives that the government announced should be given. BRR: How much of your installed capacity is being deployed? AK: We are 20 percent under-utilized. BRR: You have room to develop it by 20 percent, but you plan to double exports. Are you planning for that expansion? AK: I am not planning anything per se, because I am not seeing a good opportunity for textile. I have been advised not to invest in textile anymore and divert to other areas. BRR: Do you think that in CPEC, the Chinese would go back to the value-added industry within China after importing from here? AK: It?s a very simple calculation. The freight for bringing in a 20-feet container from China is $2500-3000. If you want to send a 20-feet container back to China, it?s $30. That shows how many goods are coming from China. When you are bringing in the container from China, they are charging you the freight for coming and taking the empty container back. That is your parity with China. What you are going to sell to China? You think that your productivity and labour cost is less? I have in my small factory 32 security guards. In China, a factory 100 times bigger than mine doesn?t have one security guard. Business is done on competitiveness. Customers come to you when you are competitive. BRR: When did you come into the retail business? Your brand is So Kamal. What do you make? AK: Three years ago. We are concentrated mostly on lawn for women, stitched and unstitched. We have 25 stores ? we are present exclusively in Punjab. BRR: How much of your revenues from retail are in proportion to your exports? AK: Just three to four percent. BRR: Where do you see that in the future? AK: Depends on government policies! No retailer is making money right now. No one is expanding. Retail business is suffering because of the smuggled goods; just go to any local market and see how much fabric is from here and how much is from China. It?s a musical chair ? the brands are coming up, and non-branded goods are going down. Before, there were non-branded sales. Now, the manufacturers are selling directly themselves because they are coming into retail, so you are seeing the brands: Sitara, Five Star, Gul Ahmed. BRR: How many stores do you see by 2020? AK: The growth in the business always comes with profit. If there is going to be profit, I?ll grow. We have 25 stores but now we are stagnant for the last six months. With CPEC and new developments, we are very cautious. We don?t know what is going to happen to the market. This country is becoming a trade, retail, import-oriented country. At the moment, my retail is based on my own manufacturing. Many tiles manufacturers here, they have built their brand, but now they?ve closed down manufacturing and are bringing in tiles from China and selling under their own brand. Many shoe manufacturers are doing this as well; they were manufacturing here, but now they?re just importing from China. If my manufacturing will stay competitive, my retail business will be increasing. If my manufacturing business will not stay competitive, my retail business cannot increase. This is the strategy for my business; I am not an importer and retailing it over here. I don?t bring anything to my retail shops which I don?t manufacture myself. BRR: Do you think the current policies are business-friendly? AK: Policies are very good, they are not implemented. They are business-friendly in the books. I don?t know who is responsible for non-implementation. When I meet the government officials, they look very positive. BRR: Is sticky currency having an impact on your exports? AK: When there is an ego involved, it is bad for business. Currencies in the world are rated with the market forces. Either you are a free economy or you are regulated. My father told me once that if you lie three or four times, you start believing it?s the truth. When the Euro came down from $1.40 to $1.10, the whole world depreciated their currencies. Why did we not? With one rupee, with $70 billion of borrowing, you get a deficit of $700 million! If you do not devalue, you have to give some sort of support to your exports. One percent of devaluation is equal to five percent of rebate ? $700 million. They have realised it after four years, they have given the policy of DLTL, but let?s see if they implement it. BRR: So Kamal is not into home textile retail. Why? AK: We have it but it?s not our bread and butter. It is not a trend in Pakistani retail generally speaking ? Gul Ahmed, Al-Karam, they are also home textile retailers, but the percentage of home textile in their retail is very low. BRR: What is the rent-to-sale ratio in order to be viable? AK: It should be 1:10. Rent should be two to three days of your sale. Rents have gone very high. I have seen 1:5 and 1:6, and I don?t think those brands would be doing too well. BRR: How much of your retail is online? AK: It?s increasing. It's about ten percent. BRR: Twenty years from now, how do you see your retail growing? Currently you said it?s 3-4 percent of your revenues. AK: Retail will be 10-15 percent. BRR: What are your margins like? AK: The margin in textile is usually 3-5 percent. BRR: What about on your exports? AK: It's the same - 3-5 percent. It's the turnover that matters. Just look at any brand: look at Zara, look at target. Copyright Business Recorder, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author BR Research Previous Trump says 'Germans are very bad': Spiegel Next Capital market: development still missing Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds 77° Full Menu 77° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us In this May 4, 2010, file photo, a customer shops at a Target store in Mountain View, Calif. Target CEO Brian Cornell testified Tuesday that a proposed border adjustment tax, essentially a tax on imported goods, would “hit those families hard” by raising prices up to 20 percent. Paul Sakuma AP In this May 4, 2010, file photo, a customer shops at a Target store in Mountain View, Calif. Target CEO Brian Cornell testified Tuesday that a proposed border adjustment tax, essentially a tax on imported goods, would “hit those families hard” by raising prices up to 20 percent. Paul Sakuma AP Politics & Government May 23, 2017 11:18 AM Target CEO tells Congress that GOP’s proposed import tax would hurt his customers By Alex Daugherty adaugherty@mcclatchydc.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON A proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods championed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., as a way to overhaul the nation’s tax system received a hearing on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, and reception to the plan by business leaders and House Republicans was mixed. The tax on imports, dubbed the border adjustment tax, has divided Republicans. Proponents argue the tax would help American manufacturers while raising $1 trillion over 10 years, and opponents say the plan would result in higher prices for consumers and cause businesses to lay off workers. Senate Republicans, including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, have said the border adjustment plan doesn’t have a chance of passing the Senate, while the White House has remained relatively silent over the proposal in recent weeks. On Tuesday, the CEO of Target testified against the idea to the House tax-writing committee, as many large retailers are leery of a tax on the thousands of products they import from foreign markets. “Under the new border adjustment tax, American families – your constituents – would pay more so many multinational corporations can pay even less,” said Target CEO Brian Cornell. “Eighty-five percent of Americans shop at Target every year. We believe this new tax would hit those families hard, raising prices on everyday essentials by up to 20 percent.” But the former chief executive officer of Wal-Mart was cautiously optimistic. “I have weighed the considerable challenges this proposal presents to retail with the significant benefits it will deliver to the economy as a whole and have concluded that properly implemented, it is in the best interest of our country for this to be considered,” William Simon said. Simon retired in 2014, and Wal-Mart is opposed to the border adjustment plan. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:44 Hear from Ocean Springs mayoral candidates Pause 1:35 Rep. Hank Zuber wants to reduce general sessions of Legislature 2:05 Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? 0:53 Mississippi women march for equality in Washington 2:23 Donald Trump becomes 45th U.S. president 2:20 Your children are going to school with gang members 0:56 Schloegel Auditor still must comply with court order 2:39 Trump supporters say it was time for change 1:00 Donald Trump protesters get rowdy in Fresno 1:27 Three takeaways from Super Tuesday Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email White House unveils President Trump’s tax plan The Trump administration unveiled its tax overhaul plan April 26 during the daily press briefing. White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said the plan is “the most significant tax reform legislations since 1986.” C-SPAN A few Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee voiced reservations to the tax Tuesday. Minnesota Rep. Erik Paulsen, who represents a competitive district and did not vote for President Donald Trump, said he was opposed to the border adjustment tax. “This has to be done in a very thoughtful way, a way that addresses the very real and valid concerns,” Paulsen said. “I cannot support the border adjustability provisions as introduced last year in the blueprint. I really want to urge this committee to listen, to be educated and to address these concerns that we heard.” EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE Other Republicans on the committee, including Reps. Mike Kelly of Pennsylvania and Jim Renacci of Ohio, pushed Cornell and Simon over the implications of the tax for consumers. “I’ve been skeptical of the border adjustment as a central element of the blueprint, but I’m trying not to be,” Renacci said. “Does border adjustment pick winners and losers? Who will the tax burden ultimately shift to, and is it compliant with our international treaty obligations?” It is unclear at this point whether the World Trade Organization would take punitive action against the United States for implementing the tax. Tuesday’s hearing brought a change in messaging from Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, who said the proposed border adjustment tax would end what he and others call a “made in America tax” for domestic manufacturers. There isn’t any such tax – American manufacturers are, like all exporters, taxed on their exported goods by foreign governments – but it’s an argument the House Republican leadership hopes will convince the president and his supporters that border adjustment would help middle- and working-class Americans. “In the tax reform blueprint we propose to end the ‘made in America’ tax and instead tax all products and services equally when they are sold in America at a low rate of 20 percent,” Brady said. “And we lift the tax on ‘made in America’ products and services when they are sold abroad — for the first time leveling the playing field for American workers, businesses and farmers.” Democrats are generally against the border adjustment tax and say Ryan and Brady’s plan doesn’t help middle- and working-class employees enough. “There are many unknowns about the border adjustment tax,” said Ways and Means ranking member Richard Neal, D-Mass. “What would the BAT’s impact be on American jobs? Who will be the winners and losers as a result of the BAT?” The tax overhaul plan supported by Ryan and Brady also reduces corporate taxes to a flat rate of 20 percent, establishes three personal income-tax brackets instead of the current seven and eliminates many deductions. The nation’s tax system has not been overhauled since Ronald Reagan’s administration. Brady said he wanted to pass a tax overhaul plan by the end of the year. Alex Daugherty: 202-383-6049, @alextdaugherty House Ways and Means Committee chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, is in favor of imposing a 20 percent tax on imports as part of a tax overhaul plan that reduces the corporate and personal income tax rates. Other Republicans oppose the plan. Susan Walsh AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:44 Hear from Ocean Springs mayoral candidates Pause 1:35 Rep. Hank Zuber wants to reduce general sessions of Legislature 2:05 Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? 0:53 Mississippi women march for equality in Washington 2:23 Donald Trump becomes 45th U.S. president 2:20 Your children are going to school with gang members 0:56 Schloegel Auditor still must comply with court order 2:39 Trump supporters say it was time for change 1:00 Donald Trump protesters get rowdy in Fresno 1:27 Three takeaways from Super Tuesday Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Hear from Ocean Springs mayoral candidates 1:44 a month ago Hear from Ocean Springs mayoral candidates 1:35 2 months ago Rep. Hank Zuber wants to reduce general sessions of Legislature 2:05 4 months ago Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? View More Video Politics & Government Quick count gives lead to ruling party in key Mexico State 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens UN chief announces new talks on Cyprus reunification in June The Latest: UAE, Egypt cut diplomatic ties to Qatar Trump unleashes a Twitter storm after the London attacks Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Weather 72° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Commerce police chief on leave amid conflicting stories surrounding arrest The pageant queen vs. the police chief in Commerce David Goins, WFAA 6:25 AM. CDT May 26, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST COMMERCE, Texas -- Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews was placed on administrative leave Thursday amid a growing investigation surrounding the arrest of a Texas A&M-Commerce student over the weekend. Carmen Ponder, 23, told WFAA on Wednesday she was detained for evading arrest for failing to apologize to the chief after a heated verbal exchange. "I just want it to not happen to anyone else," Ponder said. What exactly happened remained disputed by the City of Commerce and Chief Crews on Thursday. Ponder says it started when she was driving to Walmart in Commerce on May 20 and noticed a black truck in front of her driving slowly and erratically. “I thought it was a drunk driver, so I went around them and then proceeded to turn into Walmart," Ponder told WFAA. She says the driver then followed her to her parking spot and began verbally berating her for cutting in front of him and his 14-year old daughter, who he was teaching how to drive, according to Ponder. "I ignored him," Ponder said. "I kept my window up. I looked at him to let it be known that I hear him, but I just got my keys from my car and kept walking into Walmart.”  She says the man continued to ask her to apologize. "I turned and I'm like 'It's illegal to have a 14-year old driving,'" Ponder recalled. "And that was when he said, 'Whatever you black (expletive).'" Ponder said she didn't respond and continued into the store. She says what happened as she walked out landed her in jail, though she still has no idea why. Ponder, who plans to graduate in December, says she saw two adult males and an adult female approach her as she was leaving the store. "One of them showed me a badge and said, 'This here is my chief and what he says goes, and you’re going to apologize to him,'" Ponder said. "And I told him I was not going to apologize to him, I was going to continue walking to my car and I was going to go home.” Ponder did not go home. The paralegal studies major spent 24 hours in the Hunt County Jail before being released Sunday afternoon on a $1,000 bond. Ponder says after she viewed photos of Crews online, she concluded he was the same person who engaged her in the verbal exchange and made the racially insensitive remark. Commerce police have not released the police report or arrest affidavit for Ponder, citing the ongoing investigation. On Thursday, the City of Commerce said Crews was not involved in the initial altercation between two parties, but was at Walmart as a customer. "Chief Crews became engaged in the incident after being approached by one of the parties," the City said in a statement. "Chief Crews made contact with the other party, but she failed to comply with his requests. As a result, she was arrested for evading arrest or detention when the responding officer arrived." Chief Crews was placed on leave pending the results of the investigation. Attorney Lee Merritt represents Ponder and told WFAA that he is demanding the resignation of Crews and the filing of criminal charges against him, as well as the attending officers for assault, wrongful arrest and official corruption. When asked on Thursday if his client still believed the man who yelled at her prior to entering Walmart was the police chief, Merritt responded she "doesn't know." The embattled chief said he can not grant interviews right now, but told WFAA on Thursday he did not say anything inappropriate to Ponder. "I don't even have a 14-year old daughter," he said. The Combined Law Enforcement Associations of Texas represents officers, including Crews. Charley Wilkison with CLEAT said the narrative being spread online in the first 24 hours was not accurate. "Social media is the gossip over the fence in 2017," Wilkison said. "We think in every way that his reputation will be returned as much as possible. Everything that's been said about him and his character, his professionalism, is a lie." Wilkison said the investigation will reveal that Chief Crews conducted himself appropriately. "The fact is he gave her a lawful order. She didn’t comply, and the only other thing that could happen is that person would be taken into custody," Wilkison added. Jasmine Crockett is representing Ponder for the misdemeanor charge and voiced concern about available visual evidence to corroborate either account definitively. “We won’t have bodycam footage. We won’t have dashcam footage. We won’t have anything except their word against hers,” Crockett said. There are cameras inside and outside the Walmart location that investigators will examine. Two sources close to the investigation that spoke to WFAA on condition of anonymity said more than one officer on scene was wearing a body camera and at least one cell phone video from a bystander may add more perspective on what happened. Also on Thursday, a group of a dozen or so community members who called themselves "Concerned Citizens of Commerce" asked the public for "patience and calmness as pieces of this unfortunate incident are connected." "As the days and weeks move forward, we believe that this matter can best be resolved with local citizens' input and oversight rather than outside forces interfering with investigators," the statement read. Late Thursday, city council emerged from executive session after a special meeting. The council unanimously approved the hiring of Lynn, Ross & Gannaway, a private Fort Worth-based firm, to conduct the internal affairs investigation into the arrest. City Manager Darrek Ferrell told WFAA the City turned to a private company after the Texas Rangers declined, citing the lack of a criminal investigation. © 2017 WFAA-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Houston forecast for Sunday Meg Sullivan's Lunch Surprise Police respond to terror attacks on London Bridge, nearby market Houston Forecast for Sunday morning FPSF re-opens after weather delay HCSO: Deputy opens fire after suspect goes for gun Houston forecast for Sunday Woodlands dad locked up abroad finally home Family wants justice after young father beaten to death 2 injured, suspect arrested after car crashes in Humble home More Stories Community remembers man who died after being beaten… Jun. 4, 2017, 10:56 p.m. Remainder of Free Press Summer Festival canceled due… Jun. 4, 2017, 2:53 p.m. LONDON ATTACKS: 12 arrested, ISIS claims responsibility Jun. 3, 2017, 4:46 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Crime Stories» Child Killer's Brother Is Murdered in Family Home Lawyer Guilty in $600M Scam Is Suddenly Missing Girl, 16, Accused of Murdering Her Uber Driver Girl Missing 33 Years Tweets via Sheriff's Account UK Arrests 12 in London Bridge Attack Philippine Cops: Casino Attacker Was Indebted Gambler Police Say Papa John's Had More Than Pizza in Its Boxes Sect Members to Be Tried for Trying to Expel 'Gay Demons' Gunman in Casino Attack to Guests: 'Get Out! Get Out!' Dad Killed Over Fight Between Kids at Kindergarten Party Penn State Sex Abuse Scandal Sends 3 More to Jail WVa's Residents Are Taking ODs Into Their Own Hands Crime / Texas Go to Grid|Next Story Police Chief on Leave After Arrest of Miss Black Texas Carmen Ponder accuses Kerry Crews of wrongful arrest and corruption By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted May 25, 2017 6:56 PM CDT 239 comments Comments Chief Kerry Crews   (City of Commerce) (Newser) – The winner of Miss Black Texas 2016 is alleging assault, wrongful arrest, and official corruption against a Texas police chief and other officers after she spent 24 hours in jail this past weekend, the Root reports. According to NBC DFW, Carmen Ponder says she was driving to Walmart on Saturday when a truck cut her off while driving erratically. She passed the truck and pulled into the Walmart parking lot. Ponder says the truck followed her and she was accosted by Commerce police chief Kerry Crews, who was in the passenger seat. Ponder says Crews was "yelling and cussing" at her that he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive and that Ponder shouldn't have passed them. She says Crews called her a "black bitch" when she informed him that letting his 14-year-old daughter drive was illegal. Ponder says when she left the store, she was confronted by plain clothes officers who demanded she apologize to Crews. She refused and was arrested. Ponder was later charged with evading arrest. In a Facebook post, Ponder's attorney says his client's only crime was "the color of her skin." The city has placed Crews on leave during an investigation into the incident, but it states Ponder's account conflicts with that of Crews and another officer. Crews says he wasn't involved in the initial argument between two motorists and only got involved when one of them approached him. The city doesn't say who the other motorist was. Ponder is a Dean's List student at Texas A&M and an intern with the Hunt County District Attorney.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   8% Hilarious 11% Intriguing 23% Depressing 4% Brilliant 24% Scary 29% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 239 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Bomber Said to Have Pleaded 'Forgive Me' Before UK Blast Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 239 comments the-unbias-truth May 31, 2017 6:28 PM CDT If he's arrogant enough to allow his fourteen years old child to practice driving on a main road, then get upset and have the person who told him that what he was doing was illegal, arrested by one of his buddy after she refused to apologize to him for telling him he was breaking the law he swore to uphold, both him and the arresting officer should be fired!!! Allen Eltor May 28, 2017 12:31 AM CDT She should have pepper sprayed that Klucker K*cK SucKer. PresidentChump May 27, 2017 11:50 AM CDT There are always 3 sides to every story. If everyone would have to wear GoPros while in public, we could see the hilarious "real stories". Truck driver can't drive and cuts off girl. She retaliated by cutting in front of them. Stup!d father sets a great lesson by starting a confrontation. Girl (rich kid syndrome?) has to verbally prove that she's special. A smart cop would tell them all to grow up. View all 239 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Ted Nugent: Don't Compare Me to Kathy Griffin 1 Londoners Fought Back With Bottles, Chairs During Attack 2 Teen Fatally Shoots Girlfriend; No Charges Are Expected 3 Man Fights City Hall by Releasing 100 Live Bedbugs 4 Police Say Papa John's Had More Than Pizza in Its Boxes 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Teacher Is Accused of Video-Taping Students in Disgusting Acts of Perversion The Weather Channel Trolls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Agreement Enter to Win a Trip to LA! Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Clumsy Waitress Was Arrested for What She Dropped in a Police Officer's Drink This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science How Drug Dealers Get Caught, as Told by a Police Officer Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners ‘Celebrate Israel’ Parade Marches Through Midtown; Cuomo Honors Shimon Peres ISIS Claims Responsibility As Investigators Work To Learn More About London... NYPD Officer Undergoes Surgery After Being Dragged By Car In Brooklyn Go to CBS Local How a Klutzy Chef Created a Cult Confection Meet Chicago's Teenage Lyricist Who Could Rival Solange Berlin's Hot Spot That Will Keep You Up Until Dawn Go to Ozy How bad is your commute? Here are the 10 worst cities for traffic in the U.S. This woman playing around with a tiger could be playing with fire No, your eyes aren’t deceiving you, this is literally a snake throwing up... Go to Rare You Need To See The Emotional End To Ariana Grande’s Manchester Concert Ariana Grande And Miley Cyrus Sang A Duet At Manchester And Gave Fans All The... Ariana Grande & Mac Miller Are Couple Goals After Manchester Performance Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 8 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk Post to Facebook Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rakICL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 8 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Police: Utah woman locked kids in trunk while shopping Associated Press 6:26 p.m. ET May 27, 2017 This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo released by the Weber County Sheriff's Office shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. (Photo: Uncredited / AP) 8 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE Riverdale, Utah — A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car’s trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. Tori Lee Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. Police Lt. Casey Warren says the state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rakICL TOP VIDEOS 100th anniversary of Salvation Army Donut Girls 2:06 Impressions of Thursday's Mackinac Policy Conference 7:53 U.S. labor secretary visits with Detroit workers 1:15 Water main break in Westland 0:25 Officer Rose's death inspires Thin Blue Line USA fundraisers 3:51 Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Artist Louise "Ouizi" Jones 3:25 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Race car drivers Fittipaldi and Barbosa on Detroit 1:48
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Lions 2017 French Open Cricket Boxing Formula 1 Racing Other Sports WWE UFC Rugby League Golf AthleticsExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home News UK News Child abuse News Mum arrested after 'locking her two children in the boot of car' as she went shopping Onlookers saw the children trying to shake the car from the boot  Share  Comments ByHelen Whitehouse 22:45, 27 MAY 2017 News Tori-Lee Castillo allegedly locked her two children in the boot  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A woman has been accused of child abuse after leaving two young children in a locked car boot. Tori Castillo, 39, allegedly locked two children, aged two and five, in the boot of her car while she visited a Walmart. A witness told officers the children began "moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake" before "several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children". One of the witnesses told the five-year-old to pull the emergency latch on the inside of the vehicle to release the door and the children were then freed from the vehicle, reports Gephardt Daily. Read More Popular schoolboy who died after cliff fall sent 'goodbye' message to friends moments before he plunged over edge The children were spotted outside Walmart in Riverdale, US Police then contacted Child and Family services and the children were put in the care of a responsible person. When Castillo, from Riverdale, Utah, US, returned to her vehicle she was interviewed by police and booked into Weber County Jail for investigation of child abuse. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Hospitals Child abuse Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. News all Most Read Most Recent London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms London Bridge terror attackFirst police officer at London Bridge attack "was rugby player who took on all terrorists until forced to ground" A British Transport Police officer stabbed during the London terror incident took on the knifemen armed only with his baton, and has been praised for his bravery London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terrorist 'ringleader' was former Underground and KFC worker who tried to brainwash kids in local park The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children London Bridge terror attackFirst victim of London Bridge massacre identified as "beautiful" Canadian bride-to-be Chrissy Archibald Chrissy, who used to work in a homeless shelter, was among seven people killed in the atrocity last night, her grieving family confirmed London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack General election pollsUK general election 2017 poll tracker: All the latest results as Conservatives battle Labour Polls are a crucial part of the election wallchart - even if they've got a bad rep. Here are the latest results and analysis of what it all means London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists Most Read Most Recent WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 LIVE: Final card, results and updates Five men will battle for the right to face WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar Cristiano RonaldoCristiano Ronaldo celebrates Real Madrid Champions League triumph by getting BRUTAL new haircut The world's most famous footballer just shaved off all his hair. THIS IS NOT A DRILL, PEOPLE London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms Wayne RooneyWayne Rooney took Michael Carrick's testimonial VERY seriously - and got mocked mercilessly The Manchester United captain played like it was his final game at Old Trafford... Manchester United FCManchester United transfer news and rumours: Red Devils 'prepared to pay more than £100m for Gareth Bale' PLUS: Antoine Griezmann confirms he will stay at Atletico...for now Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool transfer news and rumours: Roma owner responds to Mohamed Salah reports PLUS: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is ready to snub Liverpool to stay at Arsenal WWEWWE Extreme Rules 2017 results as five men fought to face Brock Lesnar Titles changed hands and a Fatal 5-Way match determined the new number one contender One Love ManchesterIs Ariana Grande engaged? Singer confuses fans with ring on finger as she's supported by boyfriend at One Love Manchester Ariana, 23, and boyfriend Mac Miller performed together but the huge sparkler on her finger sent speculation into overdrive 3amOne Love Concert - Manchester Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children One Love ManchesterThe song that made Arianna cry: Star weeps as she closes One Love concert with Somewhere Over The Rainbow It was an emotional performance London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum relives terrorists' cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night London Bridge terror attack“It was like a horror show": Traumatised drinker sees woman stumble into pub with blood spurting from her neck Jeff Witsey, 54, saw the young woman stagger into the The Mudlark pub after having her throat cut by terrorists TerrorismSecurity barriers installed at London bridges after terror attack killed seven and injured 48 Many have questioned why barriers weren't installed after the Westminster attack London Bridge terror attackSchoolboy feared he would die in terror attack and 'said goodbye to family and friends' Miles Clarke, 14, ran for his life as the three jihadis stormed the Black and Blue steakhouse in London Bridge London Bridge terror attackISIS claim responsibility for London Bridge terror attack which left 7 dead and 48 injured Three killers mowed down pedestrians by driving a van at high speed along the kerb across London Bridge London Bridge terror attackBlue Thunder choppers and police 'gunships': Inside crack SAS operation during London Bridge terror attack The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists calmly hunting for victims The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured One Love ManchesterAriana Grande says emotional meeting with mum of girl killed in bombing changed One Love gig The star said she cried when she hugged Olivia's mum One Love ManchesterAriana's mum walked through One Love Manchester crowd telling fans "do not be afraid" She wanted to share her message with fans gathered at the tribute concert for victims of the Manchester attack London Bridge terror attackMan flees London Bridge terror attack still holding pint of beer in his hand - and Brits couldn't be more proud The image has been shared thousands of times, with Brits defending it as using "our dark humour helping us to cope" LionsLions rescued from circus and flown to Africa to keep them 'safe' butchered in suspected witchcraft killing Male lions Jose and Liso were found with their heads severed and their paws hacked off for potions and charms London Bridge terror attackFirst police officer at London Bridge attack "was rugby player who took on all terrorists until forced to ground" A British Transport Police officer stabbed during the London terror incident took on the knifemen armed only with his baton, and has been praised for his bravery London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terrorist 'ringleader' was former Underground and KFC worker who tried to brainwash kids in local park The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children London Bridge terror attackFirst victim of London Bridge massacre identified as "beautiful" Canadian bride-to-be Chrissy Archibald Chrissy, who used to work in a homeless shelter, was among seven people killed in the atrocity last night, her grieving family confirmed London Bridge terror attackChilling video shows London Bridge terrorists brazenly walking into Borough Market hunting for victims after mowing down pedestrians The harrowing images show the murderous trio stride past the Market Porter pub ahead of the second part of their killing spree that left seven dead and 48 injured London Bridge terror attackDramatic footage captures moment armed police kill three London Bridge terrorists by firing 50 bullets at them The attackers killed seven people and injured 48, with 21 in a critical condition, by ploughing into pedestrians before abandoning the vehicle and stabbing bystanders on Saturday night London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terror attack live: Canadian woman identified as first victim as ISIS claim responsibility for horror attack Three terrorists wearing fake suicide vests ploughed into pedestrians in a van before leaping out and knifing people at random London Bridge terror attackFamily of London Bridge terrorist killed by police say 'we just want to grieve in peace' The 27-year-old attacker, currently identified only as 'Abz', lived in Barking, East London with his wife and two young children London Bridge terror attackWhat is Blue Thunder? SAS crack troops dropped on London Bridge terror scene by super-nimble helicopters The Dauphin helicopters, dubbed Blue Thunder, dropped off two teams of eight heavily armed special forces troops London Bridge terror attack'This is for my family, this is for Islam': Mum describes terrorists' chilling cry before 'putting knife into her son' Daniel O'Neill was one of the scores of people attacked by three terrorists in the London Bridge area last night ArchaeologyAstonishing 3D face of 10,000-YEAR-OLD African caveman discovered in Brazil could settle historic debate The relic, nicknamed Apiuna, was found deep inside a cave in Brazil some 50 years ago, Mirror Online can exclusively reveal London Bridge terror attackWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terror attack 'was revenge for Love from Manchester message scrawled on RAF missile' ISIS supporters claimed "the wolves have awakened," asking "where is your great kingdom now?" London Bridge terror attackLondon Bridge terrorists shot dead in hail of 50 bullets as first victim identified and ISIS claims responsibility Police have made 12 arrests in connection with the attacks which injured 48 people, and 21 are in a critical condition London Bridge terror attack"He's a soldier": Dad-of-three 'stabbed four times' in London terror attack pictured lying in hospital bed after doctors saved his life Brett Freeman was stabbed four times during the murderous rampage which claimed the lives of seven people MurderPregnant celebrity chef and her husband run over, dismembered and burnt by handyman A TV star and her husband came to the rescue of a friend, but he repaid them with murder Harry PotterHarry Potter is 20 years old - and the boy wizard is worth a staggering £19billion JK Rowling's phenomenon brought us books, films and even a theme park - but what keeps muggles under his spell? London Bridge terror attackHero Romanian baker hit London Bridge terrorist over the head with crate before giving 20 terrified people shelter Florin Morariu was filmed helping a policeman to lead a stabbing victim to safety after terrorists went on a knife rampage in Borough Market News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Monday, June 5th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Game 2: Warriors 132, Cavaliers 113 (final) 10:46 p.m. Sun Yearly cost to hold one felon in prison soar... 11:59 a.m. Sun Cosby plans not to testify as his sex-assaul... 11:52 a.m. Sun OSU considers revising policy on benefits fo... 11:39 a.m. Sun Ohio braces for avalanche of marijuana-growi... 11:35 a.m. Sun More than 1,200 take part in first Youngstow... 11:35 a.m. Sun all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Summary of police activity in Canfield and Austintown | Print Tweet Published: Sat, May 27, 2017 @ 5:18 p.m. A summary of police activity in the city of Canfield and Austintown Township: CANFIELD May 11 Theft: Dana Landis, 53, W. Garfield Road, Salem, was indicted for theft after a report of jewelry missing from a residence in the 100 block of Garwood Drive. Suicidal statements: Police responded to a female making suicidal statements at the Mahoning County Carrer and Technial Center, 7300 N. Palmyra Road. She was transported to the hospital involuntarily. May 15 Suicidal statements: Police responded for a male making suicidal statements at a home on E. Main St., and he was ultimately transported to the hospital involuntarily. May 16 Breaking and entering: Stephen Hogan, 47, of Marmion Avenue, Youngstown was arrested for breaking and entering and theft after a break-in at a home in the 500 block of West Main Street. Money was reported missing. May 19 Drug abuse: Rodney Smith, 29, of Trumbull Avenue, Warren was arrested for drug abuse. Drug abuse: Mark DiGiacomo, 30, of North Edgehill Avenue, Austintown, was arrested for drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia. AUSTINTOWN May 15 Protection order: A protection order was violated when gifts were sent at a home in the 3000 block of Ayrshire Drive. Theft: Six Ohio State pictures were taken from the men’s restroom at Brunch Bowl Cafe, 31 N. Canfield-Niles Road. Theft: A television and a PlayStation were taken from a home in the 4000 block of Woodmere Drive. Sex offense: Emily Haggerty, 18, of Risher Road, Youngstown was issued a summons for public indecency after she and a juvenile male were found undressed in varying degrees in the back seat of a vehicle at Austintown Township Park, 6000 Kirk Road. Warrant: Jason Bova, 41, of Wilson St., Struthers, was arrested on a warrant for Violation of a Protection Order. May 16 Sex offense: Kathryn Unick, 27, of Meadowbrook Ave., Youngstown was arrested for soliciting and possession of criminal tools, for advertising massage services and possession of heroin. May 17 Criminal mischief: A message was written on a vehicle at a home in the 2000 block of South Raccoon Road. May 18 Warrant: Tina Scritchfield, 59, of Meridian Road was arrested on a warrant for inducing panic at Phoenix House, 850 Meridian Road. Breaking and entering: Tools were taken after a break-in at a home in the 700 block of Notre Dame Avenue. Theft: A handicapped placard was stolen from an auto while the window was down at Walmart, 6001 Mahoning Ave. Theft: Jeffrey Anglin, 22, of Shady Court, New Middletown was arrested for theft, accused of taking $134.32 worth of rib-eye steaks at Giant Eagle, 5220 Mahoning Ave. Theft: Jeffrey Shorter, 48, of W. Delason Ave., Youngstown was arrested, accused of taking $140.64 worth of steaks; and Sylvia Rogers, 57, of Braeden St., Youngstown was arrested for theft of $100.41 in shrimp merchandise at Giant Eagle. Theft: A wallet and its contents were stolen at Walmart. Recovered property: A check was recovered at Huntmere Ave. at Rosemont Ave. Aggravated menacing: Aggravated menacing was reported on social media at a home in the 50 block of N. Roanoke Ave. May 19 Criminal mischief: Sugar in a gas tank was reported at a home in the 4000 block of New Road. Theft: Two UPS packages from Amazon.com were stolen from a home in the 30 block of South Yorkshire Boulevard. Overdose: An overdose was reported at a home in the 4000 block of Warwick South and the victim was transported to St. Elizabeth Youngstown Hospital. May 20 Drug overdose: An overdose was reported at Shekinah Trimz, 1408 S. Raccoon Road and the patient was transported to St. Elizabeth. Theft: A debit card was stolen from the ATM machine at the bank and used to spend $239.56 in unauthorized charges at Chemical Bank, 101 S. Canfield-Niles Road. The owner was a woman from Griffith St., Youngstown. Theft: Earrings were reported stolen at Pilot Oil, 1150 N. Canfield-Niles Road. Warrant: Salvatore Mineo, 59, of New Road, was arrested on a warrant for criminal damaging or endangering. Drug offense: Milford Sponaugle, 56, of Mahoning Ave., was arrested for possession of crack cocaine and drug paraphernalia. Drug offense: Brandon Zikeli, 32, of Compass West was issued a summons for possession of drug paraphernalia and turned over to Youngstown for a warrant for failure to comply on a theft charge. May 21 Weapons offense: Eric Smith, 31, of West Hylda Avenue, Youngstown was arrested for improper handling of a firearm. Felonious assault: A house was shot up at a home in the 200 block of North Edgehill Avenue. Other stories of interest Police officer placed on unpaid leave after arraignment Two Trumbull County men indicted in theft of Army Humvee Man indicted on drug charges Thursday, arrested hours later on same charges Two more armed robberies brings Warren’s total to 10 in the past month Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN CBS/AP May 27, 2017, 6:00 PM Mom locked kids in trunk while she shopped at Wal-Mart, police say Tori Lee Castillo Weber County Jail/AP Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email RIVERDALE, Utah -- A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. 56 Photos The month's most shocking crimes These are the types of criminal allegations that need to be seen to be believed Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Police Lt. Casey Warren told Deseret News in Utah. Why hot cars are so hazardous for kids Mom accused of leaving son alone in car overnight during snowstorm Tori Lee Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. Warren says the state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. What the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive wants the world to know At 97, Ben Ferencz is the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive and he has a far-reaching message for today’s world Creighton killings: Was revenge the motive behind Omaha stabbing deaths? Two double murders five years apart in quiet Omaha neighborhoods -- the trail would lead police to a local hospital and an unlikely suspect Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Gorilla Doctors Poisoned Chief of Chobani Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Chobani's chief taster Play Video London attack timeline Play Video London victims Play Video Terror arrests Play Video Manchester tribute concert Play Video Trump reacts to London Play Video Breaking fast with tacos Previous Next 21 Photos London Bridge terror attack 24 Photos 75 years ago: The Battle of Midway 28 Photos The art of Kerry James Marshall 26 Photos Anti-Trump protesters "March for Truth" 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years Previous Next Most Discussed McCain weighs in on Kushner's reported request for Russia back channel Will U.S. exit from Paris agreement spur job growth? London Bridge terror attack -- live updates Trump pulls out of climate deal Ex-Trump adviser dodges questions on Russian meddling but maintains innocence New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Woman `locked her children in car boot´ while she shopped By Press Association Published: 16:33 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 16:33 EDT, 27 May 2017 e-mail A woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Police in Riverdale, Utah, in the US, say witnesses heard the children, aged two and five, making a noise and saw the car shaking. They got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called for help. Tori Lee Castillo was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop (Uncredited/AP/Press A) Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is in custody on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday when she returned to the car. Police said welfare services were contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Olivia wouldn't want you to cry': Tearful Ariana Grande reveals inspirational message mother of bombing victim said to her during Manchester concert PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bradley Cooper is seen cradling his newborn daughter Lea De Seine during stroll with Irina Shayk in LA Proud parents Sugar and spice: Rhian Sugden puts on a busty display in a candy cane swimsuit on holiday in Turkey as she gets intimate with fiancé Oliver Mellor Little Mix are criticised for their 'naked' stage outfits at family-friendly One Love benefit concert Divided opinion with their racy costumes Ariana Grande sparks engagement confusion with a rock on her left hand... as she is supported by boyfriend Mac Miller onstage at One Love Manchester 'I misjudged you': Piers Morgan apologises to 'admirable' Ariana Grande and praises her 'cracking voice'... after criticising her for jetting home following attack 'That was painful': Anthea Turner's ex-husband Grant Bovey told her he 'might' have stayed if they had been able to conceive together... despite FIVE failed bouts of IVF Curves ahead! Courtney Stodden reveals her bountiful bosom as she shimmies in LBD during racy video She's an expert at posting sensual selfies  Penny Lancaster, 47, shows off her famous model figure in a thigh-skimming crochet dress as she soaks up the sun on a yacht in Cannes with Rod Stewart, 72 England ace Raheem Sterling arrives in Jamaica with the stunning model he whisked away 'while his girlfriend was left at home with their baby' Forget something? Bella Thorne wears most daring look yet as she flaunts chest by going BRALESS under sheer top while out in LA That'll get his attention Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her mum-to-be figure in fishnets and knee-high boots as she hits the stage AGAIN in tiny pants Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at One Love concert in Manchester... but fans are left disappointed as brother Noel doesn't join for Oasis reunion 'Love conquers fear and love conquers hate': Katy Perry sends a poignant message as she dresses in angelic all-white at One Love Manchester concert Justin Bieber is brought to tears as emotional One Love Manchester gig cracks his tough exterior onstage Heart-wrenching 'I was out of control': Louise Thompson flaunts her fit figure... as she reveals she's quit drinking for 'zen' life after 'jumping from one relationship to the next' 'Grow up!': Kim Kardashian RIPS Caitlyn Jenner's new memoir... as Kourtney claims Bruce borrowed money from her in KUWTK teaser Khloe Kardashian jets out of LA as her basketball beau Tristan Thompson prepares for big game in Oakland Radiated glamour and celeb status 'Cut her legs off, she crawls right back to me': Tyga seemingly mocks ex Kylie Jenner in new single Playboy Something for the ex-girlfriend? 'I missed my family and friends': Michelle Keegan cuts her 30th birthday cake as she's spoiled by Our Girl cast... while Mark Wright parties in Magaluf  What a pair! Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin show off their trim figures in leggings in NYC Kendall, 21, went casual, Hailey smart Coldplay's Chris Martin is brought to his knees in emotionally-charged duet of Don't Look Back In Anger with Ariana Grande at Manchester gig Braless pop star Miley Cyrus praises 'role model' Ariana Grande as she puts on a leggy performance at inspiring One Love fundraiser Joined Pharrell onstage Robbie Williams finally reunites with Take That onstage - but NOT for a song - as both acts take the stage at Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester gig Will.i.am insists he MEANT to say hello to London at One Love gig as he hits back after awkwardly mistaking Manchester for the capital twice 'As a father, this has made me truly sad': Family man David Beckham pays tribute to his 'home' Manchester as he sends video to One Love gig Fergie spends family time in LA as Black Eyed Peas rock One Love Manchester without her The group took the stage to wow the crowd Keeping the faith! Selena Gomez keeps it casual in a hoodie and cropped jeans as she attends trendy Hillsong Church NYC Put romance aside Bella Hadid slips her impressively slim figure into racy cut-out swimsuit as she smoulders in another high profile sports campaign Hollywood's most eligible single! Jennifer Garner looks lovely as she takes baked goods to church... after it's claimed Affleck is already 'dating' The First couples Ivanka and Jared and Donald and Melania turn heads in their black-tie attire as they head to the Ford's Theatre Gala hand-in-hand with Jared Putting in the work! Hot and sweaty Kaley Cuoco is red-faced as she leaves LA gym after Sunday workout session Snapped leaving a fitness facility  'Happy Sunday everybody!!' Jennifer Lopez shares Instagram snap with Alex Rodriguez and children in pool Happy families Sophie Ellis-Sex-tor! Hitmaker dresses in uncharacteristically racy negligee to perform at Mighty Hoopla festival Murder On The Dancefloor singer Making them green with envy! Cynthia Nixon, 51, cuts a chic figure in lime frock at Drama Desk Awards She wore a green and grey frock 'I'm not afraid': Ashley James heads to Might Hoopla festival in rock-chic attire... as she shares her defiance against London attack Bold display Louisa Johnson flashes her toned midriff in sporty cropped tee and TINY denim hotpants as she parties the day away at the Mighty Hoopla festival  Bra-vo: Fleur East steals show at London festival in very revealing red fishnet blouse and tartan kilt ensemble Former X Factor runner-up Holding on to her man! Makeup-free Milla Jovovich is chic in big glasses as she giggles with husband Paul W.S. Anderson Cute twosome Showing her stripes (and abs): Single Olivia Munn flaunts her impressive stomach in crop top at LAX Strutted into Los Angeles International Airport  Dirty girl! Emily Ratajkowski allows a female friend to put mud on her bare bottom during trip to hot springs while enjoying Italian vacation 'I've been crying so much today': Pregnant Erin McNaught reveals her 'overwhelming deep sadness' after the London terror attacks Overwhelming sadness Spencer Matthews enjoys a laidback weekend with friends... while his bikini-clad girlfriend Vogue Williams lives it up in Marbella Time apart Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent indulges in a cigarette and a glass of rosé as she celebrates her 25th birthday with a knees-up in Manchester Genetically blessed family! Fergie rocks all-black outfit as she and Josh Duhamel take son Axl, three, to church Out for a family day as a threesome Leggy Laura Whitmore looks festival-ready in a plunging blouse and tiny shorts at Mighty Hoopla event Dared to show off more skin Britain's got talent, but there wasn't much in the BGT final: Claudia Connell reviews last weekend's TV  Summed up Saturday night's lacklustre viewing 'First official pool day!': Katherine Heigl matches her swimsuit to her lawn umbrella as she enjoys a relaxing Sunday with husband Josh What happened to her lips? Khloe Kardashian shows off a massive pout as she stuns in Snapchat image taken in her car Plump pout Underwear-free Lindsay Lohan dazzles in a thigh-skimming gold dress as she celebrates socialite BFF Hofit Golan's birthday Commanding attention Back to the family! Scott Disick enjoys Calabasas outing with Mason and Penelope... after partying with bikini babes in Europe Reunited Dean Gaffney's, 39, girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 23, goes braless in a summer top as they head home from British Soap Awards after he teases his soap return Hoping to join her? Hailey Baldwin flaunts toned tum in an Adidas sports bra... days after gal pal Kendall Jenner is named brand ambassador 'Barn life': Kristin Cavallari slips into her Daisy Dukes as she takes her family to feed chickens in the country Three kids Camden Jaxon and Saylor She has a sizzling Ora! Rita sends the temperature soaring as she flaunts her cleavage and toned waist in skimpy bikinis for VERY saucy beachwear shoot That's a stretch! Bethenny Frankel, 46, bends over backwards while showing off fit bod in new yoga photo Real Housewives Of New York City star   Is that you, Seal? Sonia Kruger shares incredible flashback snap of the singer with dreadlocks before he shaved his head in 1994 Who's that guy? They made a pretty girl! Daughter of Eddie Murphy and Nicole looks stunning in white as she hits Women Of Excellence Awards Gala in LA 'I had so much anxiety': Kim Zolciak reveals coping with son's ferocious dog attack got to her as she takes her family on bikini vacation Pippa Middleton and James Matthews return to civilisation after three days spotting crocodiles and kangaroos at a 'luxury wild bush' resort on whirlwind honeymoon The one lesson I've learned from life: Singer Corinne Bailey Rae on why we should all help others more Grammy award-winning British singer Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy 'will watch her mother give birth to twins so she doesn't feel left out' Want their five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy there SPOILER ALERT: Jack Branning breaks down as he prepares to give up stepson Matthew to Charlie Cotton as EastEnders tease sad farewell Cleaning up his act? Freshly shaven Tiger Woods is pictured for the first time since he was arrested for DUI while 'on four prescription pills' Rugby WAG Camilla Kerslake shows off her svelte figure in a pink and cream striped jumpsuit as she joins glamorous guests at restaurant event Back to school! Katie Holmes says she's 'excited' about having enrolled in Harvard University's Business Of Entertainment program Off-duty Lily Donaldson puts her feet up as she enjoys cocktails with a mystery male companion in Portofino A low key outing A hair-raising look! Gwen Stefani steps out in bizarre cropped trench coat with tulle finish for church trip with her kids Family time Hilar-ious: Hilary Duff rocks geek chic glasses while having a laugh with a friend after brunch in New York City The 29-year-old strolled with a friend Kendall Jenner reveals a little TOO much as she goes braless in a semi-sheer corset dress while strolling through New York Attention-grabbing Legs out for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez oozes sex appeal in two clingy thigh-skimming dresses as she enjoys night out in New York Third time's a charm? Dragon's Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, marries fiancee Nigora Whitehorn, 38, at intimate beach ceremony in Portugal Bonding time! Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell match in black as they enjoy girls' night out with Pretty Little Liars creator while leaving a restaurant Keeping it brief! Leggy Kendall Jenner accidentally flashes her UNDERWEAR in leafy green mini-dress at star-studded Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic Siren... with a heart! Ariel Winter models white tank top as she speaks out against testing on animals She takes time out for causes she believes in 'Take a picture while we joking': Jay Z caught faking candid photo with Kevin Hart... but comedian insists 'it came out dope as hell' Staging a photo Yellow fever! Rhian Sugden puts on an eye-popping display in a tiny canary bikini in Turkey... and jokingly poses in belly dancing outfit with fiancé Oliver Mellor The morning after the night before: Make-up free Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon looks sheepish after looking worse for wear at British Soap Awards afterparty Spanish fashion designer David Delfin dies at age 46 after battle with cancer Delfin 'was one of the most charismatic designers in Spain' The graduate! Eva Longoria receives honorary degree from Knox College... then treats herself to a Dairy Queen dessert Honorary degree They could be sisters! Reese Witherspoon glows in floral dress as she poses next to 'best friend forever' Shannon Rotenberg Bright and beautiful  Ariana Grande's brother Frankie meets fans as he arrives at Old Trafford cricket ground ahead of the star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester terror attack victims Love is blind! Single KUWTK star Jonathan Cheban wears statement shirt in Beverly Hills after splitting from Anat Popovsky last year Mommy and me! Minnie Driver goes makeup-free with stylish hat as she takes her son Henry shopping in Malibu Family outing New father Shayne Ward goes arm-in-arm with girlfriend Sophie Austin at British Soap Awards five months after birth of their baby New parents Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne are glued to their phones inside British Soap Awards... but Catherine Tyldesley and Faye Brookes can't stop gossiping 'It's been a heartbreaking time': Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley pays tribute to the Manchester bombing victims with symbolic bee clutch bag Love Island's Olivia Buckland threatens to spill out of her skimpy bikini top... as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Alex Bowen during getaway to Cape Verde Not her usual style! Nicole Kidman wears a mustard yellow sports jersey as she watches a hockey match with husband Keith Urban PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Welcome to my world! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn enjoy their morning coffee as she takes him home to Nashville 'Missing my pink hair!': Kylie Jenner shares flashback photo with a snake... after sister Kendall possibly outed the teen as a smoker Raheem Sterling, 22, 'jetted off to Jamaica with model, 23, a day after taking teenage PC World worker back to his hotel after shisha bar date' Absolutely quacked! Guy Ritchie and Tom Hardy 'storm out of Chinese restaurant after they're denied Peking Duck dish'  Restaurant row Still going strong! Balthazar Getty poses with wife Rosetta and kids at Chrysalis Ball... as it's been nearly 10 years since Sienna Miller affair Happy anniversary! Lindsay Price and Curtis Stone beam at Chrysalis Ball as they prepare to celebrate four years of marriage Tied the knot in 2013 Eric Dane makes first public appearance after break to cope with depression as he joins wife Rebecca Gayheart and kids at Chrysalis Ball His biggest fan! Gavin Rossdale, 51, is supported by stunning new love interest Sophie Thomalla, 27, as he rocks out on stage in Las Vegas 'She has no idea how anyone got hold of them': Corrie's Kym Marsh 'upset and shocked after intimate photos were leaked online ahead of British Soap Awards triumph' 'We have spoken about it': Liam Payne, 23, reveals he and girlfriend Cheryl, 33, plan to expand family... as he admits fatherhood has 'changed' him Bust have been a good night! Scott Disick cuddles up to a topless beauty as he enjoys a raucous evening with woman number NINE during trip to London Catherine Tyldesley leads eye-popping style in sizzling slinky floor-length gown alongside Nikki Sanderson and Stephanie Waring at the British Soap Awards Pianist Tokio Myers is crowned the winner of BGT after being inspired to enter by 'big sister' Amy Winehouse... as he beats child magician Issy Simpson in final 'Deeply uncomfortable viewing': BGT viewers are outraged by child comic Ned Woodman, 9, as he savages the judges and stars in action-packed final  'Is she getting married?' BGT's Amanda Holden shocks viewers AGAIN with bridal inspired gown as Alesha Dixon puts on a VERY leggy display 'The money has gone to her head': Pirates of the Caribbean star Kaya Scodelario 'REFUSES to pay for sick grandmother in Brazil' Looking bow-tiful: Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a monochrome mini dress at the British Soap Awards after party Braless Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a plunging floral knotted crop top and matching shorts as she lunches with her mother in Chelsea Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson flashes her legs in a colourful minidress as she continues her book signing tour in Sheffield 'F*** them all': Alec Baldwin defends Kathy Griffin in a series of tweets and insists 'no one believes you intended to threaten Trump' 'Internet shopping like a self-pity fiend': Lena Dunham reveals how she's coping after endometriosis treatment as she's spotted in PAJAMAS Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off her plump pout as she strips off to flaunt her pert derriere during chilled out beach day in Barbados 'It's been incredible fun!' Thomas Cocquerel discusses playing the 'incredibly complex' Hollywood star Errol Flynn in new biopic Nothing but praise 'Today was a good day': Former Bachelorette Trista Sutter posts loved-up snap with husband Ryan after suffering a scary seizure in Croatia Looking good in her Blue Jeans! Lana Del Rey cuts a casual cool figure in black polo with skinny trousers while out in LA Emmerdale sweeps the board at the British Soap Awards 2017 with SIX gongs including Best Soap as EastEnders go home virtually empty handed 'I'm going home to my family': Katie Price looks shaken as she is escorted out of G-A-Y nightclub after cancelling performance in wake of London terror attack 'I don't give two ****s!' Defiant Tina Malone, 54, confirms surrogacy plans after revealing ambitions for third child... and she will CHOOSE the sex of baby Coronation star Lucy Fallon appears worse for wear following the British Soap Awards afterparty after losing out on Best Actress gong  Cher joins mourners as 'Ramblin Man' Greg Allman is laid to rest in the same cemetery he used to write songs 'She was standing there and I fell in love with her': Willie Aames reveals the incredible story of meeting his pen friend of 30 YEARS, Winnie Hung, who became his wife Richard Branson pays for hen party who were chucked off a flight because they were wearing 'B****es on tour' T-shirts to go on 'dream holiday' to Las Vegas David and Victoria Beckham are 'ripping out' their £5 million country estate... because 'the roof colours don't match' Princess Charlene exudes glamour in scarlet lipstick as she turns out to support Lycra-clad husband Prince Albert for water bike challenge in Nice Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk leave the baby at home for a low-key date night in Santa Monica Issy Simpson, eight, scolds Ant McPartlin after he gets the magician's name wrong during Britain's Got Talent final 'My marriage was a Greek tragedy': Prince Charles's astonishing hand-written letters to Nancy Reagan reveal his anguish over his split from Diana  Prince Harry tucks into a traditional iftar feast of porridge and dates with young Singaporeans to celebrate the breaking of the fast during Ramadan Girl done good! Natalie Portman 'snaps up $6.5million four bedroom Santa Barbara mansion with 10.4 acres of land and stunning views of the Pacific' Lionel Richie's bassist Ethan Farmer 'hospitalised after he repeatedly stabbed himself following a horrific reaction to marijuana-filled snacks' Giggly Keri Russell glows in a summery peplum skirt and white top as she attends Polo event with long-term partner Matthew Rhys Heavily pregnant Chelsee Healey cradles her baby bump in clingy scarlet jumpsuit as she rocks the red carpet at the British Soap Awards 2017 Sealed with a kiss! Strictly champ Ore Oduba and his wife Portia pack on PDA as they can't keep their hands off each other at the British Soap Awards  Something getting you down? Eastenders actress Jacqueline Jossa looks stony-faced at the British Soap Awards afterparty with fiancé Dan Osborne Chained to the rhythm! Katy Perry will perform at The Voice Australia grand final as she returns Down Under for Witness concert tour Live shows have begun GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa's new husband breaks with posh tradition by donning a wedding ring Unlike other high-society husbands Amy Childs shows off her slender post-baby body in chic blouse and skinny jeans as she cradles newborn baby Polly on morning stroll New mum 'Men and religion are worthless': Bette Midler speaks out as stars from Ariana Grande to Khloe Kardashian support London terror attack victims 'You just proved how powerful music is': Alesha Dixon bursts into tears as the Missing People Choir leave the judges overwhelmed in Britain's Got Talent final Girls' vacation! Kourtney Kardashian opens up her photo album as she shares flashback snaps from roadtrip with Kim and Khloe 'That's the fun part!' Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles buys her grandchildren 'drum sets'... to 'get my kids back' Tearful Kym Marsh dedicates her Best Female Dramatic Performance win at the British Soap Awards 2017 to her late son Archie  'This one's for you, angel': Zoe Ball returns to Radio 2 for the first time since her lover was found dead by dedicating to him the song Do I Love You (Indeed I Do) 'You're in with a shot tonight': Simon Cowell praises MerseyGirls as they wow at BGT final... and confirms he'll fund £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen dancer Julia Carlile Khloe Kardashian's Good American fashion line hits back at accusations from independent designer that reality star copied her work Stunning in Soho! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top and high-waisted jeans as she spends the day with friends Who is Ruairi Luke? Meet the busty Australian model who was spotted partying TOPLESS with Scott Disick and another man on a London balcony in the early hours  Stunning in silver! Halle Berry, 50, wows in sequined dress with matching jacket for the Chrysalis Butterfly Ball The diet worked! Molly Sims flaunts her svelte frame on date night after ten-week bikini after baby plan Just do it! Bella Hadid embraces a sporty look as she flaunts her midriff in Nike sports bra with coordinating bottoms Top of the crops Busted! Kendall Jenner shares photo of sister Kylie holding a cigarette while bragging about photography skills The 21-year-old stunner is enjoying life GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Mary partied so hard at Noel Gallagher's epic 50th birthday party she has been bedridden ever since It was a two-day rave Who IS the murderer on the Orient Express? The line-up of suspects from the new eagerly anticipated film based on Agatha Christie's novel Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon dazzles in a plunging peach gown at Soap Awards... after leaving Corrie viewers 'heartbroken' with grooming storyline 'Brunettes have fun too!' Paris Hilton ditches her blonde locks for a brown wig as she plays dress up on Snapchat She switched up her game 'No hair, no makeup, no nothing': Jennifer Lopez, 47, looks half her age in bare-faced glimpse at her pre-show ritual Natural Shop til you drop! Sofia Vergara looks effortlessly elegant in slim floral pants as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills Broadway star Laura Bell Bundy marries longtime love Thom Hinkle in country themed nuptials at horse track Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Competitions Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home News UK & World Children News Cruel mum locked two young kids in boot of her car while she went shopping Witnesses heard the children aged two and five making a noise and saw the car shaking before alerting cops in Utah.  Share ByRecord Reporter 21:01, 27 MAY 2017 News Tori Lee Castillo locked her kids in the boot of her car before going shopping  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A cruel mum has been arrested after she locked her two young children in the boot of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Police in Riverdale, Utah, in the USA, say witnesses heard the children , aged two and five, making a noise and saw the car shaking. They got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called for help. Read More Paramedics in desperate battle to save baby who died 'after dad left her in car for hours on hottest day of the year' Tori Lee Castillo, 39, is in custody on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested on Thursday when she returned to the car. Police said welfare services were contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Read More Top news stories today Mum slain and son left fighting for life SAS troops deployed for first time Rangers close in on double deal Scholes: Brown not good enough for EPL Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Daily_Record Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Children News all Most Read Most Recent NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. RutherglenWhat's on in Rutherglen and Cambuslang this summer... A busy summer of events will be taking place London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande's One Love Manchester concert recap: Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at benefit concert alongside Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and more Ariana Grande was joined by a host of megastars when she returned to Manchester for the huge fundraising concert at Old Trafford. Most Read Most Recent Rangers FCRangers target Eduardo Herrera arrives in Glasgow to seal £1.5m Ibrox move The Mexican international is set to become Pedro Caixinha's latest summer signing and is set to be followed by Fabio Cardoso and Dalcio. Celebrity NewsPiers Morgan apologises to Ariana Grande and admits he 'misjudged' her after watching One Love Manchester concert The Good Morning Britain presenter has eaten his words after criticising the star for failing to visit the Manchester victims Celtic FCCeltic in 'advanced talks' with Manchester City over deal for Patrick Roberts A fee for the winger, who enjoyed a stunning season on loan at Celtic, remains the sticking point with City expected to hold out for close to £10m. NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. RutherglenWhat's on in Rutherglen and Cambuslang this summer... A busy summer of events will be taking place London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Rangers FCRangers target Eduardo Herrera arrives in Glasgow to seal £1.5m Ibrox move The Mexican international is set to become Pedro Caixinha's latest summer signing and is set to be followed by Fabio Cardoso and Dalcio. Top Stories London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. Manchester terror attackManchester Arena bombing victim Eilidh MacLeod's body arrives back in Barra for funeral Eilidh was among 22 people who died in the terrorist attack at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday May 22, which also left dozens injured. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. London Bridge terror attack'He's a soldier': Pal praises Dad-of-three 'stabbed four times' in London terror attack Brett Freeman was stabbed four times during the murderous rampage which claimed the lives of seven people TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. Politics'You can't protect the public on the cheap': Jeremy Corbyn slams Theresa May's police cuts in first speech after London Bridge attack Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn is set to give his first public speech since last night's deadly terror attack in London. NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives. Nicola Sturgeon'Scotland will be independent by 2025 and we won't be told to shut up': Nicola Sturgeon The SNP leader reveals a steely determination to progress in a new interview. TerrorismElite SAS terror troops deployed on British streets for the first time after London Bridge attack The special group was formed in 2015 to respond to terrorists on the loose and is now being used for the first time. London Bridge terror attackLondon mayor Sadiq Khan hits back at Donald Trump insult saying he 'has more important things to do' The President has taken to Twitter to make a political point out of the atrocity which has left seven people dead in central London. Kilmarnock FCFormer Kilmarnock ace Souleymane Coulibaly claims he was treated like a slave as he explains why he walked out on Al Ahly Coulibaly released an astonishing statement on Twitter this evening claiming the club withheld his passport and made his family feel uncomfortable practising their religion. UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsPoliceman's sweet gesture in crowd at One Love as Justin Bieber gives emotional speech was moment Manchester "broke" Justin Bieber may have been given an emotional speech, but the crowd was in love with this policeman UK & WorldWhy you shouldn't share these photos of 'missing' people from London terror attacks - and sick truth behind them Don't share anything until you're confident the source is trustworthy and their claim is legitimate NewsLondon Bridge hero who used martial arts skills to tackle terrorists cannot speak after being stabbed in the neck Geoff Ho, a business editor with the Sunday Express, is in intensive care after confronting the terrorists in a bid to save strangers' lives London Bridge terror attackFirst victim named in London Bridge Terror Attack was a 'beautiful bride-to-be': Everything we know so far Overnight update: Canadian killed by the terrorists in London on Saturday night was Chrissy Archibald. TerrorismPolice warn Scots to be on alert after London Bridge attack with severe terror warning in place The Scottish Government's Resilience committee will meet later today to discuss the situation and review country's security. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande's One Love Manchester concert recap: Liam Gallagher makes surprise appearance at benefit concert alongside Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and more Ariana Grande was joined by a host of megastars when she returned to Manchester for the huge fundraising concert at Old Trafford. London Bridge terror attack'He's a soldier': Pal praises Dad-of-three 'stabbed four times' in London terror attack pictured in hospital bed after medics saved his life Brett Freeman was stabbed four times during the murderous rampage which claimed the lives of seven people Nicola Sturgeon'Scotland will be independent by 2025 and we won't be told to shut up': Nicola Sturgeon The SNP leader reveals a steely determination to progress in a new interview. TerrorismElite SAS terror troops deployed on British streets for the first time after London Bridge attack The special group was formed in 2015 to respond to terrorists on the loose and is now being used for the first time. Manchester terror attackManchester Arena bombing victim Eilidh MacLeod's body arrives back in Barra for funeral Eilidh was among 22 people who died in the terrorist attack at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday May 22, which also left dozens injured. London Bridge terror attackLondon mayor Sadiq Khan hits back at Donald Trump insult saying he 'has more important things to do' The President has taken to Twitter to make a political point out of the atrocity which has left seven people dead in central London. London Bridge terror attack'Come get me ISIS' Anger erupts over man offering £50k reward for terrorist to kill him while brandishing sword Andre Walker has caused controversy on social media by standing at Westminster and demanding to fight a terrorist. gadgetsFidget spinner safety fears as gadgets sent for tests by Trading Standards Some businesses have been asked to removed the must-have gadgets from sale after concerns that some imports are dodgy and can cause nasty injuries. UK & WorldGrandmother brutally attacked at wedding had head smashed into granite post so hard her eyelid was 'hanging off' Vivienne Street was left unconscious and bloodied in the street after the horrific attack - and now the 41-year-old is terrified to be alone TrafficForth Road Bridge reopens after reports of 'person climbing towers' closes major route Traffic Scotland advised drivers to take an alternative route as road is closed due to a 'police incident'. UK & WorldMy dad drowned my son in the bath - but I still can't stop loving him Jo Greene' son Alex, 9, was drowned in the bath by her father Stewart two days before Christmas TerrorismDiners fought off terrorist with chairs and bottles after knife man burst into restaurant Terrified customers in Borough Market fought off the assailants as a can ploughed into pedestrians on London Bridge. TerrorismLondon Bridge terror attack suspect pictured with canisters strapped to his chest Up to seven people are feared dead after terrorists strike in the heart of the UK capital at London Bridge and Borough Market. Manchester terror attackAriana Grande reveals emotional meeting with mum of girl killed by bomb changed One Love Manchester The star says she broke down in tears when she hugged Olivia Campbell-Hardy's mum. General ElectionNew poll reveals SNP support dropping in Scotland as Labour on the rise The poll by Survation found that SNP support has dropped since the start of the General Election campaign. News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
You are the owner of this collection. Edit Collection Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds enterprise web only ICYMI: Top stories of the week May 27, 2017 The most-read stories on NWI.com during the past week. 1 of 20 1 Buy Now Son takes mom to Valpo prom Deborah Laverty Times Correspondent Updated May 30, 2017 Prom night, a fun rite of passage for most teens, is one Ali Clark, 43, of Lowell, didn't get to experience while in high school. That changed Friday night when her son, Tyler Clark, 18, took her as his date to his Valparaiso High School prom. "I'm excited and nervous. I'm all of it in one," Ali said. Ali, dressed in a strapless deep pink colored long gown she had borrowed from a friend, posed proudly for photos with her son, who had donned a white tux with matching pink bow tie. Prior to the photo session, Tyler carefully placed a corsage of pink roses on his mom's wrist while she pinned a pink rose boutonnière on his lapel. Ali said her son had earlier told her she looked beautiful after seeing her dressed in her formal gown. "I love you. Thank you," she said to her son. Tyler had asked her to the prom back in October, around her birthday, knowing his mom hadn't gone to prom as a teenager. "I'm blessed that I had a child that thought that much of me. It melts my heart to think he'd give up his senior prom to take his mom," Ali said. Ali said she became pregnant while a teenager at Hobart High School and quit her sophomore year. "I missed out on a lot," Ali said. Tyler said he got the idea sometime last fall to ask his mom to the prom but first had to check out if it was OK with school officials. Valparaiso High School Principal Reid Amones said Tyler had approached him with the idea and told him rules don't allow someone to take a date over 21 but that they could instead list his mom as a chaperone. "It will be a little special. He wanted to do something nice for his mom," Amones said. Prom night preparations for Ali started early in the day when she went to get her nails done at a Crown Point nail salon and continued with a tanning session and upsweep hairdo at Lowell businesses. "I took the day off," Ali said. Ali works at Omni Tech, making medical equipment. Ali's friend and neighbor, Brenda Anderson, and her daughter, Dani Ebert, volunteered to do her makeup for the event. Ali's husband, Alan Clark, after declaring he thought his wife going to the prom was awesome, joked with Tyler that he didn't realize it took so many hours of preparation for women to get ready. Tyler said activities for the prom night with his mom included dinner at Chili's in Hobart then off to Valparaiso High School for the grand march starting at 6:15 p.m. Prom night was to end with dancing at the Expo Center with the theme, "The Great Gatsby," Tyler said. While dining at Chili's, the two planned to meet Ashlie Tussey, Ali's 26-year-old daughter. Ali's other children include Brian Zarakas, 25, and Megan Clark, 11. She also has four grandsons and one granddaughter. 2 Buy Now Strack & Van Til, Marsh both face existential crisis Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated May 31, 2017 Indiana’s two largest independent grocers, Strack & Van Til and Marsh down in central Indiana, ended up in bankruptcy court in recent weeks amid one of the toughest environments for supermarkets in decades. Neither grocer may survive, despite being woven into the cultural fabric, with a rich tradition of serving shoppers over generations. Jewel-Osco is looking to buy the 19 remaining Strack & Van Til and Town & Country stores, and suggested it could rebrand them as Jewels. Marsh warned it could lay off thousands of workers across the state if it doesn't find a buyer within 60 days. “The challenges faced by Strack & Van Til and Marsh are ones that have been affecting the industry nationwide,” Indiana University Northwest Assistant Professor of Economics Micah Pollak said. “The grocery industry is built on razor-thin profit margins coupled with highly perishable products such as produce, meat, dairy and prepared foods. As a result, sudden upheavals in the industry can be difficult for firms, and especially smaller independent chains, to weather.” Strack & Van Til has coped with changes to the grocery industry, including the arrival of Whole Foods in Northwest Indiana, the emergence of non-traditional competitors like Menards and online rivals like Blue Apron. “In the case of Strack & Van Til, they fought hard to adapt by expanding higher-end offerings, updating stores and experimenting with new services like home delivery,” Pollak said. “Unfortunately, these changes are very capital expensive. With such narrow profit margins, the grocery industry is hard-pressed to turn on a penny, much less a dime.” University of Indianapolis Associate Professor of Finance Matthew Will said local grocers can only survive if they innovate or find a niche consumers will pay for. “Remember, this is not a big business conspiracy,” he said. “This is consumers deciding who wins and loses. Amazon, Zappo, Jet, etc., did not exist 15 years ago. And now they may put Macy's, Sears, etc., out of business. Even Walmart is closing stores. No one is or should be immune from progress.” But there are consequences.  “The loss of consumer choice is bad,” Will said. “The failure of a company, unable to satisfy consumer demands, is a normal part of economic progress. People will still buy the same amount of groceries. Some will merely change where they shop. It may be an emotional loss for the region, but their failure is a result of consumer choice... The new Super Meijers and Super Krogers drove Marsh out of business. They have greatly enhanced the shopping experience. Marsh did not.” Consumers will ultimately lose out if Strack & Van Til vanishes from the Northwest Indiana landscape, Pollak said. “What this means for Northwest Indiana and the state is continued consolidation in the grocery industry, a more limited range in terms of where to shop and what is available, and very likely higher prices,” he said. “We will likely have fewer independent grocery businesses, at least until the grocery industry stabilizes further.” He’s especially concerned about the future of the discount Ultra Foods stores, which sometimes served low-income communities. Most are slated for closure, and Strack & Van Til parent company Central Grocers is still trying to find a buyer for the remaining three Ultra stores in Highland, Merrillville and Kankakee. “Many of these stores are the sole grocery store in lower-income areas that would otherwise be vast food deserts,” Pollak said. "Some Ultra Foods have already been closed, and without a prospective buyer more may close. The closure of these stores risks significantly expanding the problem of food deserts in Northwest Indiana, which has dire consequences on the health of our residents and ultimately represents a burden on all Hoosiers.” Highland resident Chadd Huizenga said he would love to continue to have a local, independent supermarket chain in Northwest Indiana. “It is good for the local economy,” he said. “The money people of the Region spend gets recycled back into the Region. Also, more people of the Region are employed.” Highland-based Strack & Van Til once operated 38 stores, grossed more than $1.1 billion a year and employed more than 4,000 in Northwest Indiana alone. It was a staple of Region life — its catered fried chicken, for instance, was widely enjoyed at social gatherings, business functions and church get-togethers. As lore would have it, people have even averted wedding reception catastrophes with last-minute runs to Stracks. “What is more important to me, is maintaining a cultural identity,” Huizenga said. “In Northwest Indiana, Strack & Van Til is part of our local identity. We are different from the rest of Chicagoland, because we shop at Strack & Van Til, not Jewel or Mariano's. With the global culture becoming more homogenized and bland, it is important to maintain local culture and identity. This is what makes Northwest Indiana 'Da Region.'” He hopes prospective owner Jewel-Osco at least preserves the Strack & Van Til name. “When it comes down to it, it is just a name, but names are important,” he said. “The name of our grocery store is what keeps Northwest Indiana from being just another boring bland Chicagoland suburb like Orland Park.” Valparaiso resident Dawn Brown considered the Strack & Van Til on U.S. 30 in Valparaiso her store, her Stracks. She visits weekly and counts on employees to tell her which cantaloupe is the sweetest, gets recipes from the meat department, chats with stockers and has favorite cashiers she'll wait longer to see. They'll ask about her daughter's school and swimming, and brag about their grandchildren. The baggers know she wants paper inside of plastic. "The Deli folks started treating my 1-year-old with a slice of co-jack cheese," she said. "As the years went by, my daughter gained confidence by standing in line on her own to ask politely for her piece of cheese. I know it is a small thing, but it is one of her favorite memories of learning to be independent." Her daughter's Girl Scout troop has sold hundreds of boxes of cookies at the Valpo Strack & Van Til, which also helped her swim club by donating boxes of fresh fruit for races.  "Change is inevitable, and a national corporation will more than likely be purchasing my Stracks," Brown said. "What I want them to know is that it will not matter what name is on the sign. What will matter will be the employees inside the store. They are the heartbeat that keeps the business alive. It is my hope that the future buyer will remember that fact and treat them with the respect they have earned over the many, many years inside the store." 3 Buy Now Second-graders get Lucky in their lessons Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 May 22, 2017 VALPARAISO — For several years, Lucky, the wheaten terrier, and her handler, Nancy Starewicz, traveled the Region helping young and old with her unique lessons. She came back recently, for a one-day special visit. Lucky and Starewicz, who now divide their time between Florida and Minnesota, visited John Simatovich Elementary School second-graders Wednesday to meet Lucky's pen pals. Simatovich second-grade teacher Angela Ross said each year Principal Leigh Barnes asks teachers to create goals for the school year. "We always work on life skills and have animals in our room," Ross said, about coming up with a new goal involving animals to help pupils learn. "I remembered there used to be a lady who traveled to the different schools, and some people remembered her name. I Googled her and found out she wasn't in this area anymore." Ross connected with Starewicz through social media, and her students began a "pup pal" relationship with Lucky. Students wrote letters about their life, school days and adventures, and in return, Starewicz in Lucky's "voice," wrote back to them. That was last fall. A portion of each day, students work with Ross on their letters, reading the books Starewicz created around the dog and going to Starewicz's blog to read about Lucky. Starewicz also sent videos to students about Lucky's different adventures in Florida. Neither Ross nor the students ever expected to meet Starewicz and Lucky face-to-face; instead, they had a stuffed dog they named Lucky. But when Starewicz found she might have a little extra time while traveling to Minnesota, she decided to stop by for a visit. Starewicz, a former school psychologist, worked with students and families for more than 30 years in the Crown Point Community School Corp. and School City of Hobart. She retired in 2008, and she and her husband, a retired educator, got Lucky as a puppy. The dog is now 11 1/2 years old. Over the years, Starewicz has written six books about her wheaten terrier, and the important life lessons she's learned from her pet. They have visited thousands of students over the years, mostly in Northwest Indiana. Lucky a role model During their interactive programs, students and parents hear about Lucky and see her demonstrate good behavior. All the Lucky books have universal messages for all ages emphasizing empathy, listening, trust, being thankful and friendship. As Starewicz demonstrated Lucky's skills, she told students Lucky likes people and pays close attention to their hands. "To a dog, people are their hands; Lucky has never been hurt by hands, so she thinks the whole world has good hands because no one has ever hurt her with their hands," Starewicz said. "Hands are for helping, never hurting. So take a look at your hands. Be as friendly as Lucky." She said Lucky is especially good at waiting patiently and paying attention, and she encouraged the children always to pay attention to their teachers and parents. Second-grader Ava Lukawski said in one of her letters, she wrote about how Lucky taught students to always have "good" hands. "I made a picture of two hands shaped like a heart," Ava said. "It's fun seeing Lucky in person. We always write to him, and we always think about him. We were thinking we really wanted to see Lucky in person." Second-grader Nick Brazeau said he likes dogs and has one at home. "My dog is really small," he said, adding he was excited Lucky came to his classroom. Ross said the students love animals, and Lucky has been an excellent connection for them. "Lucky has made lifelong memories for the students and me," she said. "One student asked me, 'Was I dreaming, or was Lucky really here?' Nancy and Lucky also inspired our class to apply for a grant so we could donate supplies and money for Lakeshore Paws animal rescue." The students intend to make 18 fleece blankets to donate to the animal shelter. They made a blanket for Lucky and presented it to her during the visit, laughing as she planted her paws on it and seemed to take a nap. 4 Girlfriend charged with providing gun in Portage shooting Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 May 22, 2017 VALPARAISO — A second person has been charged in connection with last week's shooting in Portage over allegations of infidelity, according to police. Nya Zhane Celeste Lewis, 19, of the 700 block of Fremont Road in South Haven, is accused of providing the illegal handgun used in the shooting, according to court documents. She is charged with a felony count of assisting a criminal and misdemeanor possession of a handgun without a permit. Lewis is the girlfriend of Daniel Moro, also of South Haven, who is accused of shooting another man over accusations both men were having sex with each other's girlfriends, police said. Police said Moro shot the other man in the side of the head around 1 a.m. May 15 along Creekview Court, west of Ash Street in Portage, according to charging information. The victim survived the shooting. Lewis reportedly told police the pink-handled .380-caliber semi-automatic handgun was hers and that it was on the floorboard of her vehicle when she and Moro arrived at the shooting scene. She said she was going back to the vehicle to call 911 and saw the gun on the floorboard when she heard the shots being fired. Lewis said she threw the gun out of the vehicle window following the shooting; police recovered it from a ditch along the south side of County Road 700 North, about 470 feet west of McCool Road, according to police. Rounds of ammunition collected from the gun are the same caliber and brand name as the spent casings found at the shooting scene, police said.  A witness told police he watched Moro pull the gun out of the vehicle and fire it at the victim four or five times. "Lewis claimed that she never saw Moro fire the weapon or even possess it," according to charging information. "She denied firing it, and she said that Daniel did not fire it." Lewis reportedly told police she bought the gun from a friend for safety purposes and does not have a permit. Moro, who is charged with attempted murder, aggravated battery and possession of a handgun without a permit after having a felony conviction within 15 years, made an initial court appearance Monday before Porter Superior Judge Roger Bradford. Pleas of not guilty were entered on his behalf. A bond hearing was scheduled for June 12. He is being held without bond. Additional hearings are scheduled for Aug. 7 and Sept. 11. 5 Two people charged in East Chicago drug raid Steve Garrison steve.garrison@nwi.com, 219-662-5331 May 22, 2017 CROWN POINT — Two people arrested last week in a police raid at El Sombrero Bar in East Chicago face drug charges in Lake Criminal Court. Glorivette Bonilla, 40, of Hammond, was charged Friday with dealing cocaine and cocaine possession. Gustavo A. Zamora, 56, of East Chicago, is charged with dealing cocaine, cocaine possession and maintaining a common nuisance. Bonilla was arrested Thursday night at El Sombrero Bar, 2001 Broadway, where she worked as a bartender, according to a probable cause affidavit. Police allegedly found 31 grams of cocaine individually packaged in Bonilla's purse during a search of the premises, the affidavit states. Bonilla admitted it was her purse, the affidavit states, but claimed she was holding the cocaine for someone else. Zamora was arrested in an apartment above the bar, the affidavit states. Police found 6 grams of cocaine in the apartment, as well as boxes of sandwich bags, a small scale and “a large sum” of cash. The Indiana Excise State Police said in a press release last week that its yearlong investigation into drug distribution at the bar started because of a resident's complaint. Both defendants have been released on bond pending trial, according to court records. A court date has not been scheduled for either defendant, records state. 6 Yet another reason to avoid I-94 this summer Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 Updated Jun 2, 2017 Just when it appeared that traffic congestion would not be getting any worse across the Region this summer, a whole new set of construction barriers have appeared along a Porter County stretch of Interstate 94 just ahead of the busy Memorial Day weekend. The lane restrictions, which are part of a paving and bridge repair project that was carried over from last year, will impact the highway through Nov. 6 from an area just east of Ind. 249 in Portage to two miles east of Chesterton, according to Doug Moats, media relations director for the Northwest District of the Indiana Department of Transportation. The area includes the Ind. 49 ramps, which provide access to the popular Indiana Dunes State Park and various National Lakeshore properties. More than 3 million people visit the Indiana Dunes each year, making the dunes the single most popular tourist attraction in the state, according to a study of the economic impact of Porter County tourism prepared for Indiana Dunes Tourism. Lane closures will vary in the I-94 construction zone as paving progresses, Moats said. Work will take place mainly at night, he said, but daytime paving could occur. The left shoulder and lane are currently closed, he said. There will be intermittent nightly restrictions closing the center lane and ramps at Ind. 49. This latest project comes in addition to work on several other major highways across the Region that are already resulting in traffic delays, including elsewhere on I-94. The state is replacing the bridge carrying I-94 over the Indiana Toll Road a little further west in Portage and the highway is undergoing restoration and paving work through September even further west in Lake County. The state is also resurfacing Ind. 49 from the Indiana Toll Road south to U.S. 30, and repair work is underway on U.S. 30 from Industrial Drive in Valparaiso east to U.S. 421 in Wanatah. U.S. 421 is closed in Wanatah south of U.S. 30 for a bridge replacement and north of U.S. 30 for repair work. Interstate 65 also underwent resurfacing north of I-94, and repair work was done along Ind. 49 between U.S. 20 and U.S. 12. This is the last year of such an intense road construction season, Moats said. The state had to squeeze in many projects as part of the Restore 94 project to take advantage of funding received a couple of years ago from the Indiana General Assembly. Local road projects are further complicating matters by thwarting motorists' attempts to detour their way around the inevitable traffic delays. Among these will be a repaving and striping project planned this summer along Calumet Road north from the Valparaiso city limits to U.S. 6, according to Porter County Commissioner Jim Biggs, R-North. Motorists attempting to dodge the work on nearby Ind. 49 will be further challenged by another repaving project planned this summer along Meridian Road north of U.S. 6. "Welcome to Northwest Indiana during the summer," Biggs joked, "where the state emblem should be an orange cone, at least during the summer months." 7 Man charged with OWI in Merrillville teen pedestrian's death Steve Garrison steve.garrison@nwi.com, 219-662-5331 May 23, 2017 CROWN POINT — Police allege a 43-year-old man accused of fatally striking a teenager with his vehicle last fall was under the influence of marijuana and prescription medication at the time of the crash. Christopher E. Campbell was charged Monday in Lake Criminal Court with two felony counts of intoxicated driving, causing death, and one count of operating a vehicle as a habitual traffic violator. Police allege in a probable cause affidavit Campbell has had his driver's license suspended 49 times since 1991. He has been convicted of drunken driving in Indiana on two occasions before the incident last fall, according to court records. Campbell is accused of striking 17-year-old Andrew Salka with his vehicle the afternoon of Oct. 17 in the 800 block of East 73rd Avenue in Merrillville, the affidavit states. Salka, a junior at Merrillville High School, was transported to Methodist Hospitals Northlake Campus in Gary and then Loyola University Medical Center in Illinois, where he was pronounced dead, the affidavit states. Campbell underwent a medical evaluation at Methodist Hospitals Southlake Campus, where police obtained a blood sample that was later submitted to the Indiana Department of Toxicology, according to the affidavit. The toxicology report indicated Campbell had pain medication, anti-anxiety medication and THC — a primary compound of marijuana — in his system at the time of the crash, the affidavit states. The drugs found in his system are all central nervous system depressants, the affidavit states, which can in combination cause impaired thoughts and actions. Police found a prescription bottle for hydrocodone, a pain medication, in the pocket of Campbell's shorts at the scene of the crash, the affidavit states. Campbell's bond is set at $55,000, according to court records. 8 Buy Now Macy's to open outlet store inside Southlake Mall location Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 May 23, 2017 Macy's is going to open a store-within-a-store outlet inside its department store at Southlake Mall in Hobart. The Cincinnati-based retailer will open its first Chicago area Macy’s Backstage The Outlet Store at the super-regional mall at U.S. 30 and Mississippi Street on June 17. Macy's is carving 17,000 square feet out of the first floor of the 165,000-square-foot store to make room for the new outlet store, with items marked down from 20 percent to 80 percent, while the rest of the store will remain a full-line department store. “Macy’s Backstage is a new experience for our customers who enjoys the thrill of the hunt, providing fashion and brands at a great value,” Macy's Chief Merchandising Officer Tim Baxter said. “The Backstage concept caters to the fashion-savvy, cost-conscious shopper that expects her local store to keep up with her fast-paced lifestyle. The layout is designed for maximum efficiency, while the merchandise offering changes constantly to reflect the newest trends.” While Macy's is closing stores across the nation amid a tough retail environment, it's hiring in Northwest Indiana's busiest commercial area. Macy's spokeswoman Carolyn Ng said the Southlake Mall store would add 10 to 12 more workers to serve as its "Backstage Crew." "At this time, the Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will be the only one in Chicago/Indiana," she said. More and more new stores opening in Northwest Indiana have been outlet or discount stores, including the Nordstrom Rack and Talbots Company Store at Shops on Main in Schererville.  Macy's has been one of the five anchors of the two-story, 1.4 million-square-foot mall in Hobart since it replaced L.S. Ayres after buying out that defunct Indianapolis-based retailer in 2006. It describes the new store-within-a-store at Southlake as "a cross between a department store and an outlet." Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will feature "trend boards" that highlight the latest seasonal looks, "Juice Bars" for phone charging, free Wi-Fi, mobile check-out stations and fitting rooms with three-way mirrors. "Carving retail space within the full-line department store on the first floor, this new retail combination of an outlet store-within-a-store gives shoppers a new discount destination located right inside of their favorite store," Macy's said in a press release. Macy's Backstage will stock a wide range of products, including shoes, accessories, beauty products, housewares, home textiles, toys, tech, gadgets and men’s, women’s and children’s apparel, including some celebrity lines. It will carry top brands like Maybelline and E.L.F. The new store opens June 17 and the first 100 customers will get a $20 gift card. Macy’s Backstage at Southlake will be open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Saturday and from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Sundays. For more information, call 219-769-9100. 9 2 killed in less than a day in Gary Sarah Reese sarah.reese@nwi.com, 219-933-3351 May 23, 2017 GARY — A 28-year-old man was killed Tuesday morning in the city's second homicide within 24 hours. DeAngelo Spencer, of Gary, died after a shooting in the 2400 block of Pierce Street, according to Gary police and the Lake County coroner's office. Gary police were dispatched to the area about 8:40 a.m. for a report of a man with a gunshot wound. Upon arrival, a man was found inside a residence, police said.  Coroner's investigators were called to the scene about 8:50 a.m. and pronounced Spencer dead at 9 a.m. In a separate shooting, Sherrod Carter, 39, of Gary, was fatally wounded Monday night in the 2100 block of Carolina Street, according to police and a coroner's release. Gary police were called to that area about 7:30 p.m. for a report of a gunshot victim. Officers located Carter, who was taken to a local hospital but pronounced dead about 8 p.m., officials said. Anyone with information about the homicides is asked to call the Lake County/Gary Metro Homicide Unit at 219-755-3855. To remain anonymous, call 866-CRIME-GP. 10 Buy Now Hammond church sued over former deacon's fraud scheme Ed Bierschenk edwin.bierschenk@nwi.com, 219-933-4195 May 23, 2017 HAMMOND — The First Baptist Church of Hammond faces another lawsuit in connection with a fraud scheme operated by a former deacon. The former deacon, William Kimmel, was sentenced in 2014 to 22 years in prison and ordered to pay more than $16.4 million in restitution after being convicted in federal court in Raleigh, North Carolina, of defrauding hundreds of investors around the country. The lawsuit filed against the church earlier this month by Cricket Boyd, individually and as a trustee of the William Boyd Family Trust, is the second civil lawsuit filed locally against the church. Boyd said she lost her entire $175,000 investment. A year ago, First Baptist Church of Hammond Inc., was sued by Crystal Elwell, Robert Baldwin and Deborah Baldwin, individually and as custodian for her two minor children. Elwell, according to the lawsuit, was a former employee of the church and served as North American and Caribbean director for its Fundamental Baptist Mission Board. That lawsuit is still in the deposition phase. In response to the filing of the first lawsuit, Rick Hammond, an attorney representing the church, said last year that the church “believes the charges are baseless. That there has been absolutely no wrongdoing on behalf of the church, and the church stands by its good works and the missionary work it has been doing in the community and around the world” for decades. The Times was unable to reach Hammond to comment on the latest lawsuit. The latest lawsuit filed by Boyd seeks class action certification and contends more than 100 people could be part of the class. The lawsuit claims the members of the potential class action lost more than $5 million in investments they made with Kimmel. It contends First Baptist should have known of Kimmel's "exploitative propensities." It further states the church had the duty of ordinary care to investigate and not retain Kimmel as a financial adviser for the church. The lawsuit contends the church "ratified Kimmel's acts and omissions by taking kickbacks from the money he stole from plaintiff and class members." According to federal prosecutors, Kimmel sold investments in Sure Line Acceptance Corp. in churches across the country. The federal indictments against Kimmel characterized the corporation as a Ponzi scheme where investors were paid their interest from new investor money. 11 Buy Now Local grad rates up in NWI overall, down in state Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 May 24, 2017 As graduation season gets underway, local high school officials say their graduation rate is inching up each year. Data also show an increasing number of minority students in local schools are earning their high school diploma. The Indiana Department of Education recently released the 2016 graduation rates, and data show a slight decline in Indiana's graduation rate overall, to 82.36 percent in 2016, from 82.83 percent in 2015. Indiana state Superintendent Jennifer McCormick said ensuring that students graduate prepared and ready for life beyond high school is vital to the state. "Over the next four years, the department will continue to closely partner with our schools to increase the number of students who walk out of high school, degree in hand,” she said Monday. Educators say credit recovery programs and alternative schools play a role in helping students catch up on credits they may have missed. They also say teachers, administrators and guidance counselors play a key role in helping students be successful. Credit recovery programs across Northwest Indiana public and public charter schools are just that — a way for a nontraditional student or a student who had some personal issues and didn't make it through some required classes to "recover" those lost credits. Many such classes are offered online, but some are offered on site either at the school or at an affiliated alternative school. Much of the class work at an alternative school also is offered online, but licensed teachers are available to explain concepts and grade tests and perform other assessments. Portage High School Principal Max Gill said the high school's graduation rate went to 90.62 percent in 2016, with 541 of 597 seniors graduating, from 87.9 percent in 2015, with 529 of 602 seniors graduating. "I feel this is because the students and teachers worked hard for senior graduation success," he said. "Our guidance counselors also worked hard by calling students down that were struggling to update them and offer words of encouragement. At the end of the school year, the administration team worked with the counselors to call in all students who did not graduate, to work on a summer plan (summer school and credit recovery) to help them succeed." Gill said they offer credit recovery through an online program, and students can take up to four classes that way. "We attempt to place the students first in summer school; if we are not offering the course or they have multiple classes, we then place them in credit recovery," he said. "Last year we had 65 credit recovery students of which approximately 15 were summer students. It takes the hard work of students, parents/guardians, teachers, principals and guidance counselors all working together with a common goal, the success of the students." According to state data, 94.9 percent of Portage's black students graduated in 2016, up from 83.9 percent the year before, while 93.8 percent of the school's Hispanic students graduated in 2016 compared with 86 percent the year before. Of the school's white student population, 88.5 percent graduated in 2016, compared with 89.1 percent in 3015. Credit recovery used across Region Porter Township Superintendent Stacey Schmidt said the credit recovery program has been a valuable tool to help students graduate. "We also started a south county (Union Township, Porter Township, Hebron, East Porter) alternative school at Boone Grove High School in our district," she said. "We have seen kids find success through this program that would have struggled to graduate in the traditional high school setting." Duneland Superintendent David Pruis said when he looks at the trends, Chesterton High School always has been above the state average. Despite the fact there are different students each year and that has an effect on the graduation rate, Pruis said students perform well. "We have a comprehensive curriculum, and we do have a credit recovery program," he said. "We offer a morning and afternoon alternative school. We have that available because sometimes life gets in the way of young adults. We have high expectations for our students, and they rise to the challenge. We have staff members who look at our curriculum and the sequencing of the coursework so that students who fall behind, sometimes through no fault of their own, get through it." Jennifer Zinth, director of High School and STEM for the Denver-based Education Commission of the States, a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization, said schools are finding more ways to help students graduate. "There are different models for credit recovery," she said. "Some are online, some are face-to-face and some are a combination. The research is mixed on how effective credit recovery programs are and how they are implemented. Credit recovery can work, but if the standards and instruction are not there, students won't see the outcome that educators are hoping for." Michigan City High School had a graduation rate of 88.4 percent for 2016, with 311 of 352 students graduating. Of that number, the graduation rate for black students was 82.4 percent, with 89 of 108 graduating. Of Hispanic students, 28 out of 30 graduated for 93.3 percent, and 161 of 176 white students graduated for a rate of 91.5 percent. At LaPorte High School, the graduation rate for 2016 was 88.5 percent, with 393 of 444 students graduating. Of that total, 10 of 13 black students graduated for a rate of 76.9 percent; 34 of 45 Hispanic students graduated for 75.6 percent; and 326 of 360 white students graduated for a rate of 90.6 percent. Tweaking programs, approaches for success Sean Egan, principal at Hammond Academy of Science and Technology, said the public charter school has three years of data. In 2014, 56 of 62 students graduated; in 2015, 62 of 63 students graduated and in 2016, 62 of 64 students graduated. He said he anticipates that in 2017, 93 percent or 65 students will graduate. He said the school uses credit recovery, summer school and online coursework to assist students to graduate on time. "Our guidance counselors begin meeting with students and their parents starting in 10th grade if it seems that the student is not earning credits at the correct rate," Egan said. "Additionally, the HAST daily schedule allows students to earn seven credits per semester, whereas most schools provide five credits per semester. As such, a HAST student has the opportunity to earn up to 56 credits prior to graduation, whereas the state requires only the Core 40 diploma." Gary schools Superintendent Cheryl Pruitt said in 2012, the overall school graduation rate for the three high schools — Gary New Tech, Wirt/Emerson and West Side — was 60.3 percent compared to the rate in 2016 of 85.9 percent, a significant jump. "Much of the change can be attributed to a change in leadership style," Pruitt said. "Our administrators worked closely with counselors to review every transcript and every piece of data that had been collected on students. From there, students were given specific academic plans, so that they would graduate on time." Pruitt said the district uses credit recovery but says it is a last resort, and students are first given every opportunity to succeed in the classroom. Graduation waiver rate State officials said in 2016, Indiana’s waiver graduation rate was 89.07 percent, and the nonwaiver rate was 82.36 percent. In 2015, the waiver graduation rate was 88.89 percent, with a nonwaiver graduation rate of 82.83 percent. A graduation waiver allows a student to graduate who has not met the basic expectation that each student pass the state's graduation examination and graduate with a Core 40 diploma. So, the waiver rate is usually higher than the nonwaiver rate. Even if a student does not pass the graduation qualifying exam tests, or GQE, currently in English and math, the student still has a chance to receive a diploma. This alternative diploma route often is used for students with disabilities. To graduate with a waiver diploma, a student still must have achieved the following: all the classes required to graduate, taken the GQE once a year, received remediation every year, four-year attendance rate of 95 percent or better, GPA of 1.667 or better in core subjects and a teacher recommendation. If all that is satisfied, then the student is issued a waiver diploma. 12 Buy Now 'Slimy' business looks to open in Hobart downtown Chas Reilly Times Correspondent May 24, 2017 HOBART — A brick-and-mortar store in Hobart's downtown could get a little gooey on the inside. Resident Julia Wade has plans to open The Slime Factory at 218 Main St. Wade said the business looks to provide opportunities for children to use their creativity and learn about science through projects involving slime. She said children often are focused on their electronic devices, but The Slime Factory will offer an alternative in which they can participate in hands-on and interactive activities. Customers will be able to create slime at stations at the business, Wade said. Prepared slime and kits to make slime at home also will be available for purchase there. Wade said she plans to expand the offerings at The Slime Factory to include additional science programs. "I'm still in the beginning stages," Wade said. She said her business also would have activities for adults by featuring a soap-making program there. Wade plans to have the business open by mid-June. She would need a sign advertising her business before operations start there and Wade went before the city's Historic Preservation Commission seeking approval for signage on the building The Slime Factory will occupy. The panel deferred voting on the matter, because more details are needed about the sign, including its dimensions. The commission will continue reviewing the matter at its June 20 meeting. Wade is expected to work with city officials to discuss using a temporary sign so she could open before the commission acts on the permanent sign request. Although no action was taken on the matter, city officials said they are eager to work with Wade to help her through the process. "We want you to succeed," commission member Tom Ehrhardt said. 13 State sues 2 retired Munster administrators seeking repayment Carmen McCollum carmen.mccollum@nwi.com, 219-662-5337 May 24, 2017 CROWN POINT — The Indiana attorney general's office has filed suit against two retired Munster school administrators seeking to recover nearly $851,000 in public funds. The suit comes almost a year after the Indiana State Board of Accounts issued a scathing report targeting retired Superintendent William Pfister and retired Assistant Superintendent Richard Sopko asking the pair to repay $851,000 to the school district. Sopko was also superintendent for two years. The special investigatory report then was sent to the Indiana attorney general’s office and the Lake County prosecutor. The lawsuit was filed in Lake Circuit Court on Tuesday. Neither Pfister nor Sopko could be reached at home for comment Wednesday morning. Pfister's attorney, Greg Bouwer, said he had no comment. When asked about the lawsuit, Munster schools Superintendent Jeff Hendrix said, "The School Board and administration does not comment on any active or current litigation." The State Board of Accounts audit covered the period from July 1, 1999, to June 30, 2014. Pfister was the superintendent from Aug. 12, 1991, to June 30, 2012. Sopko was the assistant superintendent and/or treasurer from July 1, 1998, to June 30, 2012, and superintendent from July 1, 2012, to June 30, 2014. The State Board of Accounts audit asked Pfister to reimburse the district a total of $463,922 for overpayment to his annuity, salary and stipend and other items. It asked Sopko to reimburse the district a total of $377,475 for overpayment to his annuity, salary and stipend and other items. The civil suit said each of the administrators had a contract that stipulated how much money by percentage would be paid into the administrator's annuity account, but at the superintendent's direction the percentage was changed "without any knowledge or approval by the school board." In Pfister's case, the suit said, "Pfister's annuity starter percentage compounded to the point that by 2011 to 2012, he was receiving an extra annuity starter contribution of 38 percent of his salary, without any knowledge or approval by the School Town Board." The suit also alleges that Pfister was wrongfully paid a bonus in the amount of $27,222.50 beyond what he was entitled to according to the terms of his contract. The suit says Sopko also deviated from the "plain reading" of his assistant superintendent contract in order to receive an annual annuity payment in excess of what he was entitled. The suit says from July 2000 to July 2014, Sopko was wrongfully paid a bonus in the total amount of $20,365.77, also beyond what he was entitled by his contract as assistant superintendent and superintendent. The suit said the cost of the SBOA investigation was $10,053 for each administrator, and the suit seeks that payment as well.  According to the lawsuit, the audit report disclosed malfeasance, misfeasance and/or nonfeasance on the part of Pfister and Sopko. The audit report also disclosed that public funds, which the state is seeking to recover, were either misappropriated, diverted or unaccounted for, illegally received or illegally retained or obtained by fraud. The suit names the insurance companies that insured the administrators during their tenure. Munster voters approved a referendum in 2013, but after Sopko retired, the district announced it had an $8 million deficit. Earlier this month, Munster voters approved a general fund and construction referendum. The new general fund referendum will replace the current 2013 operating referendum of 19 cents per $100 of assessed valuation, increasing the tax to 42 cents per $100 of assessed valuation. It will raise $6.9 million for each of the next seven years. Munster residents also voted yes for an additional $48 million construction referendum to repair and renovate all the school buildings. It will require property owners to pay an additional 43 cents per $100 of assessed valuation to fund those projects. Hendrix said he has been able to reduce the deficit by $3.5 million. 14 Buy Now Unemployment plummets in NWI Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, (219) 933-3316 May 25, 2017 Unemployment plunged across Northwest Indiana in April, dropping to as low as 2.9 percent in some parts of the Region, a number that would have been unthinkable in recent years. Joblessness plummeted by more than 1 percent across most Northwest Indiana cities and towns for the second straight month in April. Lake County had the state's second highest jobless rate of 4.1 percent in April, which was down dramatically from 5.4 percent in March. LaPorte County was sixth highest out of Indiana's 92 counties with an unemployment rate of 3.6 percent, according to the Indiana Department of Workforce Development. Porter County's unemployment rate fell to 3.3 percent, down from 4.5 percent the previous month but still 13th highest in the state. The seasonally unadjusted jobless rate in the Gary metro area — which is made up of Lake, Porter, Newton and Jasper counties — dropped to 3.9 percent in April, down from 5.3 percent the previous month, according to Workforce Development. Unemployment in the Michigan City metro area, which is just LaPorte County, fell to 3.6 percent, down from 5.3 percent. The jobless rate in the Gary metro was down 2.1 percent as compared to the same time a year ago, while unemployment has fallen 2.4 percent year-over-year in the Michigan City metro. Both the Gary and Michigan City metropolitan areas trail behind statewide and national jobless levels. Indiana's unemployment rate fell to 3.6 percent in April, down from 3.9 percent in March. Nationally, the jobless rate was 4.4 percent. Joblessness in Illinois dropped to 4.7 percent in April, down from 4.9 percent in March, according to the Illinois Department of Employment Security. Unemployment had been as high as 12 percent in Northwest Indiana during the depths of the Great Recession. It has since dramatically come down across the Region. In April, it dropped by at least 1.2 percent in Crown Point, East Chicago, Gary, Hammond, Hobart, Merrillville, Michigan, Portage, Schererville and Valparaiso. Most dramatically, it fell by 2.1 percent in East Chicago. 15 Buy Now St. John deemed richest small town in Indiana Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated 6 hrs ago Munster, Winfield and the Duneland communities along the Lake Michigan shoreline tend to be thought of as some of the wealthiest towns in Northwest Indiana.  But St. John is actually the richest town with a population below 25,000 in the Region — and in the state of Indiana, according to a new report. 24/7 Wall Street, a financial news and opinion website known for lists like "best places to live" and "worst companies to work for," named the richest town in every state with a population between 1,000 and 25,000. The very tiny Winnetka on the Lake Michigan shore north of Chicago, for instance, was recognized as the richest in Illinois, with a median household income of $211,773. The national media company ranked St. John as the richest in Indiana, with a median income of $95,777. That's nearly double the statewide median household income of $49,255. 24/7 Wall Street chalks it up to the St. John's high education level. "One reason for the high area incomes is the high level of education among town residents," 24/7 Wall Street said. "An estimated 97.1 percent of St. John adults have graduated high school, the largest share in Indiana. Also, 37.6 percent of St. John adults have at least a bachelor’s degree, far more than the 24 percent statewide share. Nationwide, the typical high school graduate earns $8,000 more than the typical worker who did not finish high school, and college graduates earn $20,000 more." The town of more than 16,000 residents, arguably best known for the massive Lake Central High School and the Shrine of Christ's Passion tourist attraction, is part of the Tri-Town area with Schererville and Dyer. It's population has nearly doubled since 2000, making it the fastest-growing community in Northwest Indiana, according to U.S. Census figures.  24/7 Wall Street notes St. John's poverty rate is only 2.9 percent. By contrast, the poverty rate is 13.5 percent nationally and 15.2 percent in Indiana. "Although our town of St. John shares many of the same challenges that other communities do, we take great pride in our community and have employees that are the best in the business," Town Councilman Mark Barenie said. It isn't the first time St. John has won national recognition. CNN named the town the one of the 100 best places to live in the United States in 2009. 16 Buy Now Man found dead at Whiting's Whihala beach Lauren Cross lauren.cross@nwi.com, 219-933-3206 Updated 5 hrs ago WHITING —The Lake County coroner's office is seeking family members of a man found dead in about five feet of water Thursday morning at Whihala Beach.  The Indiana Department of Natural Resources' law enforcement division and the Whiting Police Department are jointly investigating the case with the coroner's office.  An IDNR spokesman reached Thursday afternoon said his department arrived on scene at about 9:30 a.m. The body was in about five feet of water, in large rocks that come down to the shoreline, a spokesman said.*  The man did not have any identity card or a wallet on him, according to IDNR. Whiting and Hammond police agencies are searching missing persons reports in the area, he said. The estimated time of death was midnight, the IDNR spokesman said.  The man found was described as Asian with black hair, 5 feet, 6 inches tall and weighing 176 pounds, according to the coroner's office.  He was wearing an extra large blue Hollister T-shirt, Aeropostle blue jeans size 33x32 and a Kenneth Cole brown belt. He was also wearing red and blue plaid boxers, Nike white ankle socks and size 10 Nike black gym shoes. There was no indication of foul play, according to the IDNR spokesman.  The manner and cause of death are pending upon the completion of toxicology reports, a coroner's office spokesman said. Anyone with information is asked to call the Lake County coroner's office at 219-755-3265. * Editor's note: This story has been updated from a previous version. A IDNR spokesman said the man's body was found in rocks that come down to the shoreline. 17 Zip line park zooms into Northwest Indiana this weekend Joseph S. Pete joseph.pete@nwi.com, 219-933-3316 Updated Jun 1, 2017 HOBART — Daring adventurers will be able to soar on zip lines among the tree tops in a new attraction near Hobart starting this weekend. Edge Adventures NW Indiana in Deep River Waterpark just outside Hobart opens for the season at 9 a.m. Saturdays. The privately operated aerial park, which requires a separate admission fee than the Lake County-run water park, includes zip lines, treetop trails that range from 16 to 60 feet in the air, and more than 50 aerial obstacles scattered throughout the forest canopy. "We are a great challenge and adventure for families and groups," operations manager Nick Holt said. "If you're looking for something challenging and different, come try us out."  South Carolina-based Edge Adventures invested $700,000 in the attraction, which includes a Kids Park for children 4 to 7 years old. It has more than a dozen zip lines visitors can ride while while clipped onto full-body safety harnesses. "For adventurers 8 years old and up, Edge Adventures NW Indiana also offers more than 50 challenging treetop obstacles and zip lines that provide thrills for everyone at every skill level," the company said in a news release. "Edge Adventures' use of the Quick Trekker Continuous Belay System ensures that adventurers are secured to a safety line throughout their entire journey through the tree-tops, from start to finish, unlike many of its competitors." Visitors get helmets, harnesses, belays, gloves and safety briefings before making their way through treetop obstacles that are inter-connected by zip lines. Edge Adventures staff assist them through the five course routes. The courses are self-guided, and grow progressively more challenging. The seasonal attraction will be open seven days a week from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. through the fall. Two hours at the park costs $39 or $29 for children 12 and younger, while three hours cost $49, or $39 for children 12 and younger. Each course takes 20 to 30 minutes to complete, Holt said. It's advised people sign up online in advance bceause space is limited. For more information, call 800-590-8347, email info@edgeadventureparks.com or visit www.edgeadventureparks.com. 18 Accidental shootings involving kids often go unpunished Nick Penzenstadler, Ryan J. Foley and Larry Fenn, Associated Press and USA TODAY Network Updated Jun 3, 2017 DURHAM, N.C. — Amy Pittman learned on her first day in jail to bottle up her grief. As soon as she arrived, guards took her shoelaces so she wouldn't try to hang herself. Cry too much or scream too loud, and she feared they would come back to take everything she had left — her clothes, a sheet, a plastic spork. But how could she not? How could anyone? Ten weeks before, Pittman was a single mom who worked overnight shifts as a gas station cashier to keep her three kids fed and clothed. Now, alone in a cinderblock cell, she faced criminal charges for not doing enough to protect them. She pictured her youngest, Christian, 9, in his coffin. Dead at the hands of his 12-year-old brother, who had accidentally shot him in the back. "Five minutes can change your whole life," said Pittman, 38. "I wish every day that I would have stayed home." Children younger than 12 die from gun accidents in the United States about once a week, on average. Almost every death begins with the same basic circumstances: an unsecured and loaded gun, a guardian's lapse in attention. And each ends with the same basic questions: Who is to blame, and should the person be punished? An investigation by the USA TODAY Network and The Associated Press found those questions are answered haphazardly across the nation. Nearly identical accidents can have markedly different outcomes. A shooting that leads to a prison sentence in one state can end with no prosecution in another. Similar cases, different outcomes In 2015, a baby sitter in North Carolina was charged with involuntary manslaughter when a 2-year-old she was watching shot herself with a 20-gauge shotgun she found on a table. Two months later, police and prosecutors in Colorado opted not to charge a baby sitter after a 9-year-old boy was shot by his brother. The sitter had briefly left the boys unattended, and they found his loaded .38 Special in his pickup. Grandparents in Detroit, both 65, faced manslaughter and weapons charges that could have sent them to prison for 17 years after their 5-year-old granddaughter found a loaded pistol under a pillow and shot herself in the neck. In Illinois, a grandmother pleaded guilty to a minor gun charge and received probation after a 6-year-old boy found a revolver in a bedroom closet and shot himself. In the days after the April 2014 death of Amy Pittman's son, the decision of whom to blame fell to Cindy Kenney, an assistant district attorney in Durham. She said Christian's death seemed to be no ordinary accident. Investigators said that in addition to the shotgun that killed Christian, they found a handgun under a mattress in a bedroom and an assault rifle in the closet. They found 100 rounds of ammunition in a grocery bag, and Kenney would later tell a judge that Pittman's underwear drawer "had more ammunition in it than it did panties." In a country with almost as many guns as there are people, it's not unusual to find loaded weapons within children's reach. One study published in 2008 in the journal Health Education Research found that firearms are present in about one-third of all homes with children nationwide. Guns in half those homes were kept unlocked; guns in one-sixth of them were kept loaded. Officials think some parents, guardians careless In that sense, the accident that killed Pittman's son was like many others. What set it apart, prosecutors said later, was that she should have known better. Kenney said someone had called the county's child welfare agency to say Pittman's children were seen chasing one another through the neighborhood with guns. A social services worker met with her, warned her that it was illegal to leave guns near unsupervised children, and offered to buy her a gun safe so she could secure them. Pittman's response, Kenney said later, was that the county should stay out of her business. Pittman tells a different story. She said she was never contacted by social services officials and insists she was unaware of the guns in her house, which belonged to her boyfriend. Prosecutors throughout the country say deciding whether to bring charges is seldom easy. Parents are suffering, and heaping a criminal prosecution on top of that grief may not do much to teach others to handle their guns more carefully. In some cases, the decision to seek charges can cost the surviving kids their parent. Kenney did not struggle with her decision. Less than three months after the shooting, a grand jury indicted Amy Pittman on charges of involuntary manslaughter and three counts of felony child abuse. Pittman dropped her kids with their grandmother and waited at a friend's house to be arrested. She wouldn't see them for almost a year and a half. Journalists from the USA TODAY Network and the AP spent months using information from the nonpartisan Gun Violence Archive, news reports and police records to examine all of the 152 accidents from 2014 to 2016 in which children younger than 12 either killed themselves or were mistakenly shot and killed by another child. The review found that about half of those deaths led to a criminal charge, usually against adults who police and prosecutors say should have watched the children more closely or secured their guns more carefully. The rest of the time, officials decided the grown-ups had broken no laws, or perhaps had simply suffered enough. In many cases, there was little to distinguish those deaths that led to a criminal charge from those that did not. Three other AP reporters and eight reporters from newspapers across the U.S. contributed to this report. Part of an ongoing collaboration between The Associated Press and the USA TODAY Network to examine issues related to gun violence in America. 19 Buy Now 2 NWI residents charged in Two Six gang investigation Sarah Reese sarah.reese@nwi.com, 219-933-3351 Updated May 31, 2017 CHICAGO — Two Northwest Indiana residents were among more than 45 members and associates of the Two Six street gang charged Friday following a two-year investigation into illegal drug and gun sales. Alexander Rivera, 26, of East Chicago, and Tara Zambrano, 24, of Griffith, each face one count of illegal possession of a firearm by a felon, records from the U.S. District Court in Chicago show. The investigation led by the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives resulted in federal charges against 21 people and state charges against 27. Many of the defendants live in Chicago, according to the U.S. attorney's office for the Northern District of Illinois. State and federal authorities involved in the investigation, called Operation Bunny Trap, uncovered the alleged criminal activity through undercover drug purchases and surveillance, according to a news release. Authorities seized 118 firearms, including several assault rifles and shotguns; 25 rounds of ammunition; two ballistic vests; more than 800 grams of cocaine; more than 250 grams of fentanyl; and more than 280 grams of crystal meth, the release said. The Two Six have been under investigation by federal and local law enforcement since 2014. The gang operates primarily on Chicago's South Side and surrounding suburbs, but also has ties to Indiana, Wisconsin, Texas, Georgia and Kansas, authorities said. According to a complaint, Rivera messaged a police informant via Facebook Aug. 27, 2016, that he had a new 12-gauge shotgun for sale. Rivera has a felony conviction and is believed to be a member of the Two Six, court records state. On Aug. 30, 2016, Rivera contacted the informant and they planned to meet at a Lowe's store at 8411 S. Holland Drive in Chicago, the complaint said. Rivera and Zambrano, also a felon, allegedly arrived together in a 2005 Ford Escape. Rivera and the informant did the Two Six handshake, and Rivera placed a gun case wrapped in a blanket into the informant's vehicle, court records said. Zambrano is accused of placing a box of ammunition into the vehicle. The informant paid Rivera $200 for the items, and they left the parking lot, according to court records.  20 Buy Now Portage cop cleared of wrongdoing in fatal shooting Bob Kasarda bob.kasarda@nwi.com, 219-548-4345 Updated May 30, 2017 VALPARAISO — A Portage police officer has been cleared of any wrongdoing in the April 22 shooting death of a local man during a traffic stop. "Officer (Grant) Crizer responded appropriately to the situation and his decision to discharge his weapon was done in the course of reasonable self-defense as a result of the actions taken by (William) Spates," according to a prepared statement from Porter County Prosecutor Brian Gensel. Portage Police Chief Troy Williams said in a prepared statement that Gensel's determination, "confirms that the response our officer took that evening based on Mr. Spates' actions were absolutely legal and justified just as I had expected." Pointing out that Spates had been arrested more than 20 times over the last 20 years, Williams said, "Mr. Spates attempted to murder our officer by running him down with his vehicle." Gensel revealed new details Friday about the events leading up to and during the shooting. The details are based on an investigation of the shooting by the Porter County Sheriff's Department and Indiana State Police. After Spates was arrested April 19 on charges of domestic battery and strangulation involving family members, he "made comments to the transporting officer about not wanting to live if he was taken away from his family and asking what it would take for the officer to shoot him," Gensel said. Spates was taken to jail where he was read the terms of an order preventing any further contact with his wife and their children, according to the press release. He was also prohibited from being in the area of the family home on Brown Street in Portage. "While incarcerated, Spates violated the no-contact order by attempting to call his wife numerous times," Gensel said. "The two spoke briefly during some of the calls and Spates was agitated and despondent." Spates bonded out of jail on April 21 and was supposed to stay in East Chicago with his mother. Crizer stopped a vehicle driven by Spates at 1:47 a.m. April 22 for allegedly disregarding a stop sign at Brown Street and Mulberry Avenue, Gensel said. Spates pulled into a driveway on Royal Street. "Spates gave false identification information and appeared very emotional, indicating that he 'messed up' and didn’t want to go back to jail," Gensel said. Spates reportedly ignored repeated requests by the officer to exit the vehicle, instead starting up the car in an attempt to leave. Crizer activated his Taser and struck Spates in the arm, according to the investigation. "Spates put the vehicle in reverse and rammed Crizer's vehicle parked behind him in an attempt to push it out of the way," Gensel said. "Crizer had to jump out of the way to avoid being hit by the open door. "Crizer went to the front of the vehicle with weapon drawn and continued to order Spates to comply," Gensel said. "At that point, Crizer observed Spates reach for the gear shift, believing that Spates intended to put the vehicle in forward and hit him. Crizer was boxed in by a fence and had no room to escape. He fired eight shots through the windshield and passenger window. Spates died from the gunshot wounds." Evidence collected from the scene, witness reports and statements from Spates' family about his recent state of mind back up the officer's story, Gensel said. Williams said, "While his family and friends mourn his death, I am thankful that our officer had the skills and training to survive this encounter. If not for Mr. Spates' own actions — let me say that again, Mr. Spates' own actions — he would still be here." "Officer Crizer will have to live with the decisions Mr. Spates chose that evening," Williams said. The Portage Police Department Shooting Review Board also found the shooting to be justified, Williams said. More like this... Tags Icymi Top Stories News Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses OIL EXPRESS 9615 Indianapolis Blvd, Highland, IN 46322 Ads JEWISH FEDERATION OF N.W. 585 PROGRESS AVENUE, MUNSTER, IN 46321 Richard P. Busse Attorney at Law 7 Napoleon St., Valparaiso, IN 46383 Ads McShane's Business Products & Solutions 1844 45th St , Munster, IN 46321 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Duo spend 48 hours in Walmart for YouTube stunt - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News 3 attackers, 7 victims killed in London Bridge area terror attacks Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Duo spend 48 hours in Walmart for YouTube stunt 2017-05-27T15:28:47Z2017-05-27T15:28:47Z Christian and Noah show their progress. (Source: WXIN via CNN) BLOOMINGTON, IN (WXIN/CNN) - It's a stunt that has been attempted before, but until now no one had succeeded. But two Indiana University students conquered the challenge of staying in a Walmart store for 48 hours straight. The challenge was recorded and shared as part of a YouTube stunt for The Christian and Noah Show. "It was awful, really," Christian said. The video has more than 24,000 views, which is low by YouTube viral standards, but the story was picked up by major outlets, including "The Today Show." For two nights, the duo slept in the store on shelves behind boxes, ate at the store's Subway restaurant, played with toys in the aisles and even got a haircut. "The weirdest thing for me was when we were trying to go to sleep because we were so paranoid," Noah said. "Like, what if someone wakes us up in the middle of our sleeping and kicks us out?" They said they knew this was the video that could get them national attention, and that’s exactly what happened. "The concept is basically to showcase our humor, to make funny stuff that we think is funny and we think other people find it funny," Christian said. "If you visualize something and you believe it with all your heart, it will come to you, but you have to work for it." The pair have been friends since the third grade and plan to move to Los Angeles after graduation from Indiana's film school to pursue their passion for film and entertainment together. "To anyone in particular that's trying to make a YouTube channel or make a living off the internet is don't be afraid to be weird," Noah said. "You're not going to make it doing something that everyone else is already doing." You can watch their video here: Copyright 2017 WXIN via CNN. All rights reserved. Social media newsMore>> Google's Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Google's Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Posted: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:43:18 GMT Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:43:18 GMT Google says its Chrome browser will block ads on websites it deems too annoying for web users starting next year. Google says its Chrome browser will block ads on websites it deems too annoying for web users starting next year. Online game Words with Friends adds 'covfefe' to its list Online game Words with Friends adds 'covfefe' to its list Posted: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:43:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-05 02:43:17 GMT The mysterious term which President Donald Trump tweeted has spread like wildfire on social media and the Scrabble-like multiplayer game has now jumped aboard, defining the word as "the amount and quality of... The mysterious term which President Donald Trump tweeted has spread like wildfire on social media and the Scrabble-like multiplayer game has now jumped aboard, defining the word as "the amount and quality of reporting when autocorrect fails you at 3am.". Trump's tweeted typo covfefe becoming vanity license plates Trump's tweeted typo covfefe becoming vanity license plates Posted: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:09 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:09:18 GMT Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:09 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:09:18 GMT President Trump's mysterious tweeted typo is coming soon to a license plate near you. President Trump's mysterious tweeted typo is coming soon to a license plate near you. Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges Man flashing money on Facebook Live arrested on drug charges Posted: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:09 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:09:13 GMT Updated: Sunday, June 4 2017 1:09 PM EDT2017-06-04 17:09:13 GMT A Florida man joyfully flashing money live on the internet got a sudden surprise when police officers barged in and arrested him for allegedly selling drugs. A Florida man joyfully flashing money live on the internet got a sudden surprise when police officers barged in and arrested him for allegedly selling drugs. Twitter's famous shark swims again near Atlantic City coast Twitter's famous shark swims again near Atlantic City coast Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 1:50 PM EDT2017-06-02 17:50:37 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 1:50 PM EDT2017-06-02 17:50:37 GMT Twitter's favorite great white shark popped up near the coast of New Jersey again. Twitter's favorite great white shark popped up near the coast of New Jersey again.    Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Search 72.9 F Smithfield, NC Monday, June 5, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. JoCo Report News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Home News Man Shot With Pellet Gun In Wal-Mart Parking Lot News Man Shot With Pellet Gun In Wal-Mart Parking Lot May 27, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet No charges will be filed against a 24 year-old man who allegedly shot himself with a pellet gun. The incident was reported around 11:00pm Thursday in the parking lot of Wal-Mart in Smithfield. Police said the man, who is from Jefferson, Georgia, was inside a motor home in the parking area. While loading a pellet gun he shot himself in the side. He was transported by ambulance to Johnston Medical Center for treatment. Police announced Friday the individual will not face any charges, saying the incident was accidental. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlePolice Investigating Break-Ins Next articleCamels Eliminated From Big South Championship With Narrow 6-5 Loss Writer RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News Mudcats Rally Back With 4 Runs Over Final Two Innings In 8-7 Walk-Off Win News Four Oaks Bank Sponsors Conservation Workshop Scholarship News Two Schools Will Operate Under New Schedules This Fall Follow Us Most Popular This Week Student Arrested For 3rd Time June 3, 2017 Teen Caught With Stolen Property, Concealed Gun June 1, 2017 Benson Blood Drive To Be Held June 7 May 30, 2017 Recent Posts Mudcats Rally Back With 4 Runs Over Final Two Innings In 8-7 Walk-Off Win Four Oaks Bank Sponsors Conservation Workshop Scholarship Two Schools Will Operate Under New Schedules This Fall Elementary Battle Of The Books Winning Team Recognized ABOUT USJoCoReport.com provides you with the latest in local news from Johnston and surrounding counties. Check back daily to get the latest news for your area. Contact us: Info@JoCoReport.com FOLLOW US © 2017 Lamm Media Group MORE STORIES 0 Mudcats Rally Back With 4 Runs Over Final Two Innings In 8-7 Walk-Off Win June 4, 2017 0 Four Oaks Bank Sponsors Conservation Workshop Scholarship June 4, 2017
Search Primary Menu Skip to content Wind Energy Other renewables Grids Electric Vehicle System Operator Batteries Pumping system OpEd Español Search for: Evwind, News Menu, OpEd, System Operator, Uncategorized, Wind Energy, wind energy Wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 27, 2017 reve American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim.   There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit American Wind Energy AssociationAWEAeólicaPTCU.S.wind energy Post navigation Previous PostSpain to hold a new 3,000 MW renewable energy auctionNext PostAcciona starts up the first hybrid wind power storage plant in Spain using batteries Follow us in social media Become a member of AEE Do you want to be an E-Ambassador? Click here Subscribe me Name:* Email:* * This field is required Tag Cloud Acciona AEE aerogeneradores Argentina Asociación Empresarial Eólica AWEA Brasil Chile China CO2 coche eléctrico concentrated solar power Concentrating Solar Power CSP Enel Green Power energías renovables España EV eólica Eólica marina eólico Fotovoltaica Gamesa GE Iberdrola India Latinoamérica México offshore photovoltaic Protermosolar PV renewable energy Siemens solar energy Solar Power termosolar U.S. UK Vestas wind-farm Wind Energy wind energy wind power África Home About us About wind energy What is wind energy? The advantages About the electric vehicle Definition and types Wind energy and The Electric Vehicle V2G Grids Contact us Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 Spanish Reve          Spanish Wind Energy Association          The blog of AEE          Convention Wind and Global Wind Day          Creating Web Design and applications viaintermedia
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 Diverse wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 26, 2017 ANAHEIM, Calif. — American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim. There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit      ### AWEA is the national trade association of the U.S. wind energy industry. We represent 1,000 member companies and over 100,000 jobs in the U.S. economy, serving as a powerful voice for how wind works for America. Members include global leaders in wind power and energy development, turbine manufacturing, and component and service suppliers. They gather each year at the Western Hemisphere’s largest wind power trade show, the AWEA WINDPOWER Conference & Exhibition, next in Anaheim, California, May 22-26, 2017. Find information about wind energy on the AWEA website. Gain insight into industry issues on AWEA’s blog, Into the Wind. And please join us on , and follow @AWEA on . CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Welding Fire Blankets market expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.00% during the period 2017-2021 Including Key Players Auburn Manufacturing, ESAB, Steiner Industries Next PostNext United States Thermoplastics Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Top Fashion Sheknows TV Guide Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Top Fashion Sheknows TV Guide Facebook Twitter60.1k Pinterest161k Google Plus5.6k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Advertise AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Beauty and Style 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out Start writing Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: BEAUTY & STYLE 10 Things No One Ever Told You About Coloring Your Hair NEXT STORY How to Fix Split Ends Without Cutting Them 5 hours ago by STYLECASTER STYLECASTER delivers your daily forecast of need-to-know fashion, beauty, entertainment, and lifestyle intel. Practical and modern, we give readers the tools they need to lead a more stylish life. View Profile Image: Todor Tsvetkov/Getty Images Print 8 things you can do to avoid split ends Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media There’s no hair enemy as fierce and unyielding as the much-dreaded split end — so when experts offer up advice on how to get rid of split ends without cutting, you know we’re listening. “Split ends occur when the protective outer layer of the hair cuticle wears away because of external stressors such as heat styling and salon chemical services,” explains Amy Abramite, creative director and stylist at Chicago’s Maxine Salon. “Once the internal structure of the hair is exposed, it becomes weakened, dehydrated and damaged, causing split ends.” More: The Kardashians’ Hairstylist Says This Will Be 2017’s Most Popular Haircut The only proven split end treatment method is to have them snipped off, but we asked around and found several things you can do between salon appointments to improve the look of damage and prevent more splits from occurring. Use a wide-tooth comb After you apply conditioner in the shower, slowly run a wide-tooth comb through hair until all the tangles are out. This prevents the snaps and breakage you can incur when you try to brush out hair that is roughed up from a towel-dry, advises Jessie James, stylist at New York’s Marie Robinson salon. Mind your heat tools That bargain-bin blow-dryer may be a tempting purchase, but inexpensive tools tend to dangerously overheat over time and burn ends into splits, warns James. Instead, use a top-rated economical brand like Conair Infiniti Pro 259Y (Walmart, $24.94), or invest in a professional-grade dryer like BaBylissPro Volare V1 Dryer with Ferrari Designed Engine (Ulta, $179.95). Go gentle “Imagine wearing a silk blouse every single day. It would get pretty beat up. Treat your hair like an expensive fabric, and it will last longer and look better,” says Natasha Sunshine, owner of Santa Monica’s Byu-Ti Salon. Use only covered elastics with no metal piece, like those made by Goody, to tie hair into a ponytail. If you’re looking for a sleek look, rely on products like a gel, like Nexxus Exxtra Hold Defining Gel (Target, $9.99) and a finishing spray like Rene Furterer Vegetal Styling Finishing Spray (Rene Furterer, $29) to create a smooth finish instead of pulling hair too tightly to achieve it alone. Take folic acid and biotin There’s a reason they say you are what you eat. Nutrients literally build the proteins that make up your hair strands. Two B vitamins in particular — folic acid and biotin — have been shown to supplement hair health, length and thickness, says Sunshine. Folic acid helps the production of red blood cells, which powers the growth of hair. Foods rich in folic acid include green leafy veggies, oranges, soybeans and wheat. Biotin strengthens both hair and nails through its metabolism of fats, carbs and proteins. Brown rice, lentils, peas, sunflower seeds, walnuts and soybeans are all rich in biotin. Use leave-in conditioner Conditioners that you rinse out in the shower will do little to nothing for split ends, but a leave-in conditioner will add extra protection that stays on strands as you heat-style and go about your day. Try Living Proof Perfect Hair Day Fresh Cut Split End Mender (Sephora, $24), which can be applied to wet or dry hair for anytime use. Blow-dry the right way Always use a nozzle on your dryer to control and direct the flow of air and dry hair in a downward direction before sectioning off and drying completely with a round brush. This way, you spend far less time with intense heat straight on the hair. “If possible, air-drying 90 percent before picking up the blow-dryer is even better,” says Sunshine. And of course, if you can naturally dry all the way, that’s always your best option. Limit damaging services There’s unfortunately no way around it — treatments like hair color, highlights, straightening and perms all cause trauma that can result in a bevy of split ends, says Abramite. Try to limit service to just one major hair concern and refrain from washing strands for at least 48 hours afterward, when they’re most porous and likely to break and split. Not only will hair health improve after you go on a chemical-service diet, but your wallet will thank you. Get regular cuts Although a haircut is the only way to get rid of split ends, regular trims are your best protection against them. The longer you wait to trim, the greater the chance you have of split ends worsening and traveling up the shaft. It may sound counterintuitive, but this is why it’s actually best to get frequent trims if you’re trying to grow longer, healthier hair. Whatever your hair type or style, our experts recommend you get a cut or trim at least every six to eight weeks. More: 17 of the Coolest, Cutest Korean Beauty Products Inspired by Food Originally posted on StyleCaster. Tagged in hair tips split ends Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter60.1k Pinterest161k Google Plus5.6k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Beauty and Style Slideshows 13 Birkenstock Look-Alikes That Are a Total Steal 30 Inspiring Photos That'll Make You Want a Lob 15 White Dresses to Wear This Memorial Day 19 Women You Should Be Following for Major Hair Inspiration Subscribe to SheKnows Daily News The stuff you need to know, crafted just for you. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles 10 Things No One Ever Told You About Coloring Your Hair by STYLECASTER 1 day ago How to Wash Your Hair — the Right Way by STYLECASTER 2 days ago 8 (Actually Delicious) Foods That Can Make Your Hair Grow Faster by STYLECASTER 3 days ago Today's Big Stories 7 of the Coolest (& Safest) Bunk Beds What Are Yoni Eggs & Why Could They Be Dangerous? Does Shaving Your Dog’s Coat Really Keep Them Cooler? Hot New in Beauty & Style Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes! b e  h e a r d ! Welcome to the new SheKnows Community, where you can share your stories, ideas and CONNECT with millions of women. Get Started
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Memorial Day sales 2017: Best deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Target, H&M, JC Penney Updated on May 28, 2017 at 11:33 AM Posted on May 27, 2017 at 5:03 AM Walmart, Target, Best Buy and more will have special Memorial Day sales.(File photo/Gulflive.com) By Leada Gore lgore@al.com Memorial Day is a time set aside to honor those who lost their lives in the service of their country. The day is also the traditional kick off of summer and retailers are quick to jump on the bandwagon with special Memorial Day sales. Here's a look at some of the best offers from Memorial Day 2017: Walmart The nation's largest retailer will hold its Memorial Day sale through May 29. Take up to 76 percent off patio furniture with orders of $35 or more getting free shipping on most items. Instore pickup is also available. Best Buy Best Buy's four-day sale includes 4KTvs, computers, appliances, home theater components, digital cameras, and more. Sale ends May 29. Online orders of $35 or more qualify for free shipping. Kohl's Kohl's is holding a mattress and furniture sale for Memorial Day and you can grab tees and tops for the family for less than $10. Get $10 off a $25 purchase with promo code "TAKE10." Sale ends May 29. Crocs Crocs is offering 25 percent off sitewide with free shipping on orders of $25 or more. If you use code "MEMORIALDAY" your discount will go up to 35 percent off, according to DealNews. Sale ends May 31. H&M H&M's Memorial Day sales includes up to 60 percent off men's, women's, kids' and home items with some deals as low as $5. Coupon code "4791" net free shipping on all orders, according to Deal News. Sale ends May 29. Target It's a good time to buy home and patio items, as well as furniture, at Target, with prices marked 30 percent off for Memorial Day. You can take an extra 15 percent off with coupon code HERO. Free shipping with most orders of $35 or more. Deal ends May 29. Vera Bradley Vera Bradley is offering up to 50 percent off a selection of its patterns and styles and all orders come with free shipping. Deal ends May 30. You can also get a free beach towel with any full-price purchase of $100 or more. Cabela's Save up to 50 percent at Cabela's through May 31, including 20 percent off Keen's, up to 40 percent off Imeon sleeping bags and deals on ammunition and camping supplies. Home Depot Patio furniture, grills, tools and more are discounted during Home Depot Memorial Day Sale. Patio furniture and accessories are up to 30 percent off; grills and smokers are marked down by as much as 15 percent. Shipping starts at $5.99 or free with orders of $45 or more. Sale ends May 31. JC Penney Select apparel, decor, bedding, appliances and outdoor items are up to 60 percent off at JC Penney. Take an extra 15 percent off with coupon code "FUNDEAL" or 20 percent off orders of $100 or more with coupon code "7GOSAVE." Orders of $99 or more qualify for free shipping. Lowe's Save up to 40 percent off select appliances and sales on mulch and garden soil at Lowe's. Offers end June 5. More even more Memorial Day sales, go here. Ever wonder what not to buy on Memorial Day? According to Marketwatch, you should skip automobiles, laptops, televisions, gym equipment, power tools and jewelry. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Eat/Drink Going way out to attract food, drink customers (VIDEO) Saturday May 27, 2017 11:03 AM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article NEW YORK, May 27 — Just when you thought you'd gotten over Starbuck's sensation, the Unicorn Frappuccino, two more products are vying to quench your appetite for bizarre fare. This week, PepsiCo put Pepsi Fire on store shelves. The cola delivers a cinnamon kick. Think mild Fireball. Just weeks earlier, Wal-Mart unrolled the Crotilla — a buttery mashup of a croissant and tortilla. Unlike croissants, you can easily slice them to make sandwiches or eat them for dessert. Such so-called “stunt foods” combine strange ingredients or feature unusual tastes, and they're typically available for a limited time. Feeding the craze: Slow times for restaurants and consumer product makers. David Henkes of food research firm Technomic says: “I think it works in the short term, right? If you look at what Taco Bell or what Starbucks does, these are typically limited time offers. So there's a little bit of a scarcity built into it that appeals to consumers and drives them into a restaurant, drives them to buy that product, and then it disappears.” Screen grab from the Reuters video on 'stunt foods.'Henkes notes Taco Bell's 6 per cent sales growth last year outpaced its peers. Its food lab has dished up oddities like tacos using fried chicken as shells or even Doritos chips. On Thursday, the chain said it plan to grow global sales to US$15 billion (RM64.1 billion) in five years. Like many others, Wal-Mart hopes Millennials will think “eureka” when they try the Crotilla. Spokesperson Michelle Malashock says: “We do know that Millennials enjoy a good mashup every now and then. So from a marketing perspective, we definitely thought about putting these in our stores. We know we have a high concentration of Millennial shoppers. We do know from research and experience that Millennials love to experience food, and for them, food is an event.” Wal-Mart won't release any sales numbers. More than 800 stores bake the Crotilla daily, and Wal-Mart aims to roll it out to a few hundred more in the coming months. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week In the hustle bustle of Chow Kit Superb cheese naan and value-for-money biryani at PJ’s Chacha Naan and Biryani The curry mee that stood the test of time Singapore hawkers to feature in Anthony Bourdain’s street food market in New York Fit for a prince The curry mee that stood the test of time Superb cheese naan and value-for-money biryani at PJ’s Chacha Naan and Biryani Singapore hawkers to feature in Anthony Bourdain’s street food market in New York The world drank less alcohol in 2016, says report The explosion of American beer in numbers Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles NYC coffee shop sues Starbucks over Unicorn beverage Starbucks’ Unicorn Frappuccino sparks backlash from baristas (VIDEO) ‘Unicorn food’ is colourful, sparkly and everywhere (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines It’s strawberry season Battle Ground schools get new leadership Class of 2017 pursues ideals Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Agendas for the week’s government meetings Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Weather Eye: Enjoy return to seasonal norms, sun’s reappearance Cyclists, officials pedal through Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Cycling around the city of Vancouver can be a joy -- except for those spots where it's a big problem. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Miranda pitches 4-hitter as Mariners sweep Rays Zunino’s slam, 7 RBIs power Mariners past Rays Miami’s Volquez throws first no-hitter of 2017 Horan scores twice in Thorns’ road win Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Ways homebuyers can leap the down-payment hurdle Workers reluctant to take time off Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Lyft’s first diversity report shows workforce mostly white and male Berko: Just can’t recommend investing in General Motors Health Worker Report Berko: Will the Federal Reserve sell bonds? Kangol comes home: Hat firm’s return to U.S. encounters many challenges Convicted fraud figure arrested again Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Synology might not be a company you’ve heard much about. The technology firm makes network attached storage appliances that can… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Leo seriously great in show about laughs Podcaster mixes humor and politics ‘Jurassic World’ exhibit is mix of art, science How ‘Wonder Woman’ director Patty Jenkins cracked the superhero-movie glass ceiling Mayim Bialik pens guide for young girls Holy Fire burns in U.S. for first time Takei slams racist criticism of ‘Star Trek’ Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program Big brands wake up to demand for modest fashion Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program It’s almost Summer Reading time at the library — yahoo! In case you thought the Summer Reading program was just… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan Ahead for Parking Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Harrop: U.S. happiness rank is sad Wyman: Libraries provide valuable services, deserve federal support Will: Hail Buckley, conservatism’s shining star Griffin’s Trump stunt was offensive Letter: Bridge group is on right path Letter: Trump is, above all, a realist Letter: Travel ban misses its target Letter: Demand answers from Trump Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Amazon opens grocery pickup to rival Wal-Mart By Bloomberg Published: May 26, 2017, 7:20 PM A   A SEATTLE — Amazon.com opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors like Wal-Mart Stores. The “AmazonFresh Pickup” spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 27, 2017  /  Comments Off on WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020       Print       Email MIL OSI Oil Gas Energy – Source: American Wind Energy Association – Press Release/Statement: Headline: WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 Diverse wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 26, 2017 ANAHEIM, Calif. — American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim. There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit      ### AWEA is the national trade association of the U.S. wind energy industry. We represent 1,000 member companies and over 100,000 jobs in the U.S. economy, serving as a powerful voice for how wind works for America. Members include global leaders in wind power and energy development, turbine manufacturing, and component and service suppliers. They gather each year at the Western Hemisphere’s largest wind power trade show, the AWEA WINDPOWER Conference & Exhibition, next in Anaheim, California, May 22-26, 2017. Find information about wind energy on the AWEA website. Gain insight into industry issues on AWEA’s blog, Into the Wind. And please join us on Facebook, and follow @AWEA on Twitter.         Print       Email Published: 1 week ago on May 27, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 27, 2017 @ 12:19 pm Filed Under: American Wind Energy Association, Business, Commodities, Economy, Energy, English, Exploitation, Exploration, Gas, Global Economy, Industry, Investment, MIL Oil-Energy Sector OSI, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Mining Sector, Oil, Oil Rigs, Open Source Intel, Wind Energy NEXT ARTICLE → Fatal Motor Vehicle Accident Meander ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE SPC Severe Thunderstorm Watch 270 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Statement from the Chair regarding the events at London Bridge SNP manifesto for culture and creativity SNP manifesto: what it means for older people Jeremy Corbyn statement following London bridge attack Labour’s national campaign suspended but local events continue in aftermath of London Bridge terror attack © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories New study says American families are overwhelmed by clutter, rarely eat together, and are generally stressed out about it all Baby boomers are downsizing — and the kids won’t take the family heirlooms In well-mannered public radio, an airwaves war Stealthy cruise missile raises worries amid Trump’s call for revived nuclear arms race Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Coal country’s power plants are turning away from coal E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Luke Sharrett/New York Times/File 2014 Some of the power industry’s biggest customers have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help the companies meet it, utilities are changing their ways. By Diane Cardwell and Clifford Krauss New York Times  May 27, 2017 NEW YORK — Coal is on the defensive in the nation’s power industry. Even in coal country. The pressure to shift more of the country’s electric supply to renewable sources is not just a rallying cry for environmentalists. Some of the power industry’s biggest customers, such as General Motors and Microsoft, have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help them meet it — and keep them from taking their business elsewhere — utilities are changing their ways. Advertisement West Virginia, where coal is king, is no exception. Appalachian Power, the leading utility there, is quickly shifting toward natural gas and renewable sources such as wind and solar, even as President Trump calls for a coal renaissance. Appalachian Power still burns plenty of coal, but in recent years it has closed three coal-fired plants and converted two others to gas, reducing its dependence on coal to 61 percent last year, down from 74 percent in 2012. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Chris Beam, the company’s president, made the industry’s shifting dynamics clear in an encounter with Governor Jim Justice, a Democrat, at his inaugural ball in January. “’Look, I’d like to see you guys build another coal plant,’” he recalled the governor saying. “And our answer was: We’re not going to build another coal plant.” (The governor confirmed the account, but added in an e-mail, “I’ll continue to encourage power companies to burn more coal to put our miners back to work.”) It’s the same story in Virginia, where Dominion, a leading utility based in Richmond — near where commercial coal mining got its start — designed a special rate to make it easier for Amazon Web Services and similar customers to buy renewable energy. Advertisement In Kentucky, a chance meeting between a state regulator and a Facebook employee ultimately led the Public Service Commission to advise utilities that they could offer customers renewable energy packages, part of an effort to attract new business and hold on to automakers such as GM and Toyota. And in Wyoming, the nation’s leading coal producer by far, Black Hills Energy worked with Microsoft to create a complex arrangement for the technology giant to get enough wind energy to fulfill current and future needs at Microsoft’s data center in Cheyenne. “I’ve not spoken to a single utility that’s truly holding on to a future of more coal,” said Brian Janous, who directs energy strategy at Microsoft. “They’re looking to attract, as in the Appalachian case, new customers, and those customers aren’t attracted by coal.” Almost half the Fortune 500 companies have adopted at least one climate or clean-energy goal, with 23 of them pledging eventually to run their businesses on 100 percent renewable energy, including Walmart, Bank of America, and Google, according to a recent report by the World Wildlife Fund and other environmentally minded organizations and investors. Though corporations are buying renewable energy across the country, energy executives and analysts say it is notable that the trend is taking hold in states where coal production is part of the economic heart and soul. Coal executives say they are watching the effect of the renewable-power demands on the coal industry, but it is a matter of rising unease. “We’re concerned about it,” said Harry Childress, president of the Virginia Coal and Energy Alliance. “We see the pressure from these companies is pushing power producers more away from coal, which is a cheaper power.” Appalachian Power’s switch from coal was in part pushed as a result of a summit meeting that its parent company, American Electric Power, held at its headquarters last fall with corporate giants including Walmart, Facebook, Hilton, Procter & Gamble, and Marathon Petroleum. Those companies stressed that if they were going to expand their businesses in AEP regions, they would need access to low-carbon energy. American Electric Power organized a second meeting in Washington in May that included Amazon, Caesars Entertainment, DuPont, Marriott International, and Starbucks. With the goal of attracting big business to coal country, Beam is in the market to buy, lease, or build a fleet of wind and solar power farms across West Virginia and Virginia. The goal is to increase Appalachian Power’s renewable-energy fleet to 34 percent of its power capacity by 2031 from 17 percent today. An announcement for a new wind farm in southern West Virginia is expected within weeks, as discussions with big companies — which American Electric Power executives refused to identify — continue. “Specific customers are looking specifically for renewables and to what degree you are moving toward a new clean energy economy,” said Nicholas K. Akins, AEP’s chief executive. “Shareholders are more interested in sustainability going forward and improvements from a climate change perspective and carbon emissions perspective.” Akins said American Electric Power, which serves more than 5 million customers in 11 states, intended to respond to the demands of customers whatever policies were dictated in Washington. He added, “We are trying to make our company long-term sustainable regardless of administration.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." — Donald Trump on Friday, May 26th, 2017 in a tweet Did Donald Trump's trip create or save 'millions' of jobs? By Louis Jacobson on Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. How valuable were the business deals struck by Donald Trump when he was in Saudi Arabia? Unclear. U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Saudi King Salman after a welcome ceremony at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. (AP) In a tweet from his first foreign trip as president, President Donald Trump touted his accomplishments on one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign -- jobs. Trump traveled to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Brussels and Rome on a mix of business and diplomatic tasks from May 20 to May 27. "Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs," Trump tweeted. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 26, 2017 Millions of jobs? That would be a massive shot in the arm for the economy. For a sense of scale, Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, has 2.3 million employees; the second-largest, Yum Brands, which includes Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC, has about 500,000. The problem is, the White House has been cagey about exactly where this projection comes from. For starters, Trump’s use of the word "millions" represents a thousand-fold expansion from what Trump had said just days earlier, when he told the audience in a speech in Saudi Arabia: "Yesterday, we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia." Meanwhile, over two days of inquiries to the White House, officials were unable to provide us with full details of the $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia, which itself is just a portion of the $400 billion investment package Trump cited in his speech. When the Washington Post Fact Checker asked the White House for details about Trump’s tweet, a White House official responded that Trump was referring to "benefits to trade from the entire trip from Saudi Arabia to the G7" -- that is, including Trump’s meetings with the heads of other advanced industrialized nations in Europe toward the end of the trip. (It’s not clear what trade deals were discussed in the European portion of the trip.) In any case, assuming "millions" of jobs from unspecified investments is not justified, economists say. "There’s not enough information to substantiate his claims on millions of jobs," said Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s. In the meantime, here’s what we know and don’t know. The arms deal The Defense Security Cooperation Agency issued a news release on May 20 saying that the United States and Saudi Arabia agreed to a $110 billion package on five main areas: border security and counterterrorism, maritime and coastal security, air force modernization, air and missile defense, and cybersecurity and communications upgrades. The release detailed six specific areas, with links to documents that offered a dollar amount. They were: • Munitions and support: $6.8 billion; • Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships: $11.25 billion; • Ammunition for the Royal Saudi Land Forces: $500 million; • Saudi Abrams Main Battle Tanks and HERCULES Armored Recovery Vehicles: $1.15 billion; • Chinook cargo helicopters: $3.51 billion; • Persistent Threat Detection System Aerostats: $525 million. That totals $23.74 billion, leaving $86 billion from the package unspecified. Using other available data, John Pike, the director of globalsecurity.org, told PolitiFact that he can estimate perhaps $50 billion in arms sales, "most of which was initiated under Obama," he said. Bloomberg calculations Reporters at Bloomberg have written several articles about the deals signed in the Saudi portion of the trip, focusing on agreements outside the $110 billion arms deal. They include: • Agreements signed by Saudi oil company Aramco: $50 billion; • Commitments by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to an infrastructure investment fund with the Blackstone Group. (Blackstone, Bloomberg reported separately, has close ties to the family of Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner.) $20 billion; • General Electric memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia: $15 billion; • Honeywell International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $3.6 billion; • McDermott International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $2.8 billion; • Jacobs Engineering Group memorandum of understanding: $250 million; • Rowan Companies memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for offshore drilling rigs: $7 billion; • Rowan memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.2 billion; • Nabors Industries memorandum of understanding on well and rig services on an existing joint venture worth $9 billion; • Nabors memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.6 billion; • Weatherford International memorandum of understanding: potential value of $2 billion. That works out to about $112 billion, coming on top of the $110 billion in arms sales. Bloomberg cited a few more items without specific dollar amounts, including a jet purchase from Boeing by SaudiGulf Airlines, and a joint venture between National Oilwell Varco and Saudi Aramco for the manufacture of drilling rigs and equipment. That leaves more than half of Trump’s $400 billion figure -- just for the Saudi leg of the trip -- undisclosed, to say nothing of what deals may have been struck in the European portion of the trip. And for now, the Washington Post reported that several key CEOs of companies that signed deals have been a lot more restrained than Trump about promising specific numbers of jobs. "There is absolutely zero chance that the trip created millions of jobs," said Dean Baker, a liberal economist. Even if jobs were created -- possibly in the thousands, not the millions -- "this may or may not lead to any net job creation, since the Fed could easily offset it with higher interest rates." Our ruling Trump said that deals struck on his first foreign trip as president created and saved "millions of jobs." We can’t know for sure how many jobs will be created or saved -- nor, despite the certainty of his language, does Trump -- but the evidence at this point is so thin and so premature as to be little more than puffery or wishful thinking. We rate the statement False. Share the Facts 2017-05-26 21:10:38 UTC PolitiFact 5 1 7 PolitiFact Rating: False Says deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." Donald Trump President a tweet Friday, May 26, 2017 2017-05-26 Read More info Advertisement About this statement: Published: Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. Researched by: Louis Jacobson Edited by: Aaron Sharockman Subjects: Economy, Foreign Policy, Jobs Sources: Donald Trump, tweet, May 26, 2017 Donald Trump, "President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit," May 21, 2017 Defense Security Cooperation Agency, "Fact Sheet: Intended Sales to Saudi Arabia via Foreign Military Sales," May 20, 2017 Bloomberg, "Guide to $400 Billion in Saudi-U.S. Deals: Black Hawks to Oil," May 22, 2017 Bloomberg, "Kushners' Blackstone Connection Put on Display in Saudi Arabia," May 25, 2017 Bloomberg, "Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure," May 20, 2017 Washington Post Fact Checker, "President Trump’s claim that he’s already saved ‘millions of jobs’ on his foreign trip," May 26, 2017 Washington Post, "Trump says his Saudi deal will create jobs. The companies involved aren’t so sure," May 24, 2017 Washington Examiner, "Trump's weapons deal with Saudi Arabia includes $24 billion in goods approved by Obama," May 22, 2017 Al.com, "30 largest employers in the U.S.," Feb. 7, 2017 Email interview with Lawrence White, professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic Policy and Research, May 25, 2017 Email interview with John Pike, director of globalsecurity.org, May 22, 2017 How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook,and Twitter. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Videos Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Donald Trump fact-checks Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Support independent fact-checking In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts. Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feed of fact-checks of Donald Trump Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2017 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 15, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 115, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound left lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 665 (Power Plant Road): Due to replacement of multiple drainage pipes along Route 665 (Power Plant Road) in Russell County, a portion of the route will be closed Monday, May 15 from 7 a.m. until 6 p.m. between Route 614 (Carterton Road) and Route 628 (Heralds Valley Road).   ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 654 – slide repairs: A section of Route 654 (Banner Mountain Road) in Wise County will be closed through May 19 due to slide repairs. Motorists should pay close attention to signs and message boards about the repairs. (Completion: May 19, 2017)   Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Completed Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon has been completed.  The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County has been completed.   Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation across Route 460 in Bluefield has been completed.    (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN ON ROUTE 3 MAY 10 – Westbound lanes will open to two-lane traffic from Lignum to Clay Hill Road Next PostNext Attorney Christy Jack to Receive Daniel H. Benson Public Service Award Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 8-14: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 8, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 8, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound right lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon the week of May 8, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   ***Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Completed Water line projects: Water line installation work on various routes that connect to Route 63 in Dickenson County have been completed.   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Replacement of the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound has been completed.   Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: Repairs to the Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge in Grayson County have been completed.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon have been completed. Pay close attention at these intersections as motorists become familiar with the new flashing yellow arrow signals.    Azure Lane improvements: Improvements to a one-mile section of Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County have been completed; however, be alert to clean-up work along the roadway the week of May 8.   Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: Replacement of the Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge in Lee County has been completed.       (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN ON ROUTE 3 MAY 10 – Westbound lanes will open to two-lane traffic from Lignum to Clay Hill Road Next PostNext Attorney Christy Jack to Receive Daniel H. Benson Public Service Award Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Miss Black Texas 2016 says she as wrongfully arrested - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Alabama-Coushatta celebrates Powwow while fighting to keep bingo hall open Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports Saturday Results: Three East Texas teams advance to state Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Collegiate Commissioners Association greenlights early signing period for football SFA baseball will open up Southland Conference Tournament against SHU Sports WebXtra: Carthage running back Keaontay Ingram commits to Texas Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Miss Black Texas 2016 says she as wrongfully arrested 2017-05-26T01:44:51Z2017-05-26T01:44:51Z COMMERCE, Texas (AP) - An East Texas police chief is on leave pending investigation after he was accused of wrongfully arresting Miss Black Texas 2016. Carmen Ponder tells KXAS-TV that Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews had her arrested Saturday after a confrontation that led to him directing a racial and sexist slur at her. Ponder said she passed a truck and pulled into a Wal-Mart parking lot. The truck pulled up beside hers and the passenger, who she believes to have been Crews, said he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive. He berated Ponder for passing him, then called her a "black b----" when she told him it was illegal. Her attorney, Lee Merritt, said she entered the store and when she emerged, several officers in plain clothes confronted her and demanded that she apologize to the chief. When she refused, she was arrested for evading arrest, handcuffed and jailed for 24 hours. Crews declined to comment on the advice of his attorney. Information from: KXAS-TV, http://www.nbcdfw.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Things to Read Mayoral Election 2017 Spring Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do Pride SIFF Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Mayoral Election 2017 Spring Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Pride SIFF Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG News • LGBTQITSLFA Anti-Trans Activists Are Allegedly Harassing People Who Decline to Sign Their Petitions. What Are Your Rights to Counter Them? by Ana Sofia Knauf • May 26, 2017 at 3:45 pm Tweet Seth Kirby, chair of trans advocacy group Washington Won't Discriminate, addresses a crowd at a rally in February. Washington Won't Discriminate In February, anti-trans activist group Just Want Privacy revamped their efforts to police transgender people's genitals in bathrooms by launching I-1552, a new bigoted bill that would bar trans students in public schools from using restrooms that correspond to their gender identities. The initiative also scraps state protections for trans people by allowing businesses and state agencies to keep trans people out of gender-segregated bathrooms. Just Want Privacy failed to repeal Washington State human rights protections for trans people in 2016. Campaign volunteers are now out gathering signatures to get the initiative on the November ballot. Sakara Remmu and her 15-year-old son encountered one of these anti-trans petitioners outside of a Renton Walmart while waiting for an Uber ride on May 20. After confirming Remmu was a registered voter, the man presented her with two petition clipboards: one to "keep the boys in the boys bathroom and girls in girls bathroom," and another to ban King County from opening safe-injection sites. Remmu declined to sign either of the petitions. "He was so visibly appalled and disgusted when I said I wasn’t going to sign the bathroom bill," she recalled. The man walked away and began mocking Remmu "in a menacing way," she said. But then the man returned. "'Excuse me young lady,'" Remmu remembered him saying. "That was a red flag." And then he grabbed her by the elbow, she alleged. Remmu, who is familiar with signature-gathering and campaigning, said she told him not to touch her and that he was breaking the law. And she's not exaggerating. If a petitioner physically touches someone, "technically it is an assault" and one would "have the right to ask law enforcement to tell them to stop," stated a recent guide (PDF) from the American Civil Liberties Union. However, police officers are unlikely to press charges for "minor touching," it cautioned. But not everyone feels comfortable calling the police in these situations. Remmu, who is Black, said she didn't call local police because she was concerned her interaction with the anti-trans signature-gatherer could be taken out of context. "Sometimes Black people call [the police] as victims and then they assume the Black people are [the perpetrators]," she said. "I was totally shaken by that. Especially because the climate of people having the audacity to violate other people in public based on their race, that they’re Muslim, that they’re female." Although she didn't file a police report, Remmu posted about her interaction with the petitioner on Facebook to make sure her friends knew their rights in these situations. Sakara Remmu, right, said the anti-trans signature-gatherer, seen above in a black shirt and jeans, grabbed her by the elbow when she declined to sign his petition. Courtesy of Sakara Remmu Signature-gathering is a free speech right protected under the First Amendment. But the rights of petitioners and their detractors have limits, according to the ACLU. What laws control what I can do in opposing signature gatherers? Basically, all the laws that would control your getting into an argument with someone about which football team is best also apply – no disturbing the peace, no unconsented touching, etc. With petitions, however, there is one specific law, RCW 29A.84.250(4), which makes it a gross misdemeanor if a person “Interferes with or attempts to interfere with the right of any voter to sign or not to sign an initiative or referendum petition or with the right to vote for or against an initiative or referendum measure by threats, intimidation, or any other corrupt means or practice”. "Initiatives are part of the democratic process in Washington," said Doug Honig, the ACLU of Washington's communications director. "People have a right to gather signatures for initiatives that go all across political spectrum... It's important that rights be respected, but at same time, people who want to encourage [others] to not sign a particular initiative, they have the right express that view." The guide also has some suggestions for staying out of trouble. The thing most likely to get you in trouble is getting into a noisy (or even physical) altercation with the petition gatherer. As both a legal and a tactical strategy, keep your cool. If the petition gatherer starts getting noisy, stay calm yourself. Ignore them if necessary, and concentrate on connecting with the public. The public respects people who keep their cool. This isn't the first time someone gathering signatures for Just Want Privacy has harassed someone opposed to their bigoted bill. Earlier this month, trans rights advocate Maddie Crisman claimed a man gathering signatures outside a Fred Meyer in Ellensburg became incensed when she began talking to passersby. When Crisman asked the man, identified as Larry Bradshaw in a police report, to stop yelling at her, he allegedly "'swore, threw his clipboard down on the ground, flicked a cigarette at me and threw his pen at me and hit me in the head,'” she told The Daily Record. Representatives from the Just Want Privacy campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment. 31 You might also be interested in these: Sponsored: The Top Six Pride Parades in the World Trumps Attack of London's Brown and Muslim Mayor Is Racially Motivated by Charles Mudede Bill Maher Says He is a House Nigger by Charles Mudede Most Popular in Slog Bill Maher Says He is a House Nigger by Charles Mudede The War Show An Elegy For Pre-War Syrian Bohemia by Joule Zelman Dark, Dramatic, Dysfunctional: Don't Miss Strawshop's Production of Lydia by Rich Smith Lawsuit Claims That Glass Artist Chihuly Failed to Credit and Pay Collaborators For Their Work by Steven Hsieh Trumps Attack of London's Brown and Muslim Mayor Is Racially Motivated by Charles Mudede The Leftovers Wouldn't Work So Well Without Such Evocative Music by Leilani Polk RuPaul's Drag Race Recap: "Gayest Ball Ever" Is Fun But Totally Ignorant by Chase Burns Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
New York Chicago Neighborhoods Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & Soho Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood Brooklyn Bedford-Stuyvesant Cobble Hill, Carroll Gardens & Red Hook Crown Heights, Prospect Heights & Prospect-Lefferts Gardens Fort Greene & DUMBO Park Slope, Windsor Terrace & Gowanus Williamsburg, Greenpoint & Bushwick Queens Astoria & Long Island City Flushing & Whitestone Forest Hills, Rego Park & Jamaica Jackson Heights & Elmhurst Maspeth, Middle Village & Ridgewood The Rockaways The Bronx Fordham & Tremont Norwood & Bedford Park Riverdale & Kingsbridge South Bronx Woodlawn & Wakefield Staten Island Features Back to School Checklist The Outside Chance New York Visualized Apartmentality Get Out & Do This Openings & Closings Principal Of The Week This Is New York Holidays in the Neighborhood News Arts & Entertainment Crime & Mayhem Education Food & Drink Health & Wellness Parenting & Schools Politics Real Estate Transportation Urban Animals Weather FOLLOW FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Instagram RSS SUBSCRIBE Neighborhood Partners Advertise With Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2017 DNAinfo Search Search Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island Crime & Mayhem Teen Steals iPhone, Orders Cab Through App on Victim's Cell, Police Say By Shaye Weaver |&nbspMay 26, 2017 5:26pm | Updated on May 30, 2017 9:53am @shayeweaver Twitter Facebook Email More The teen ordered a taxi back to his East Harlem home using the stolen iPhone, police said. View Full Caption Shutterstock UPPER EAST SIDE — The phone may be smart, but this thief wasn't. An East Harlem teen snatched an iPhone out of a woman's hand last month, using one of her apps to hail cab and flee the scene, snapping a selfie of himself on the device and even logging in to his own Apple account, police said.  The 38-year-old victim was walking home on April 8, around 10:30 p.m., when the 17-year-old suspect ran up behind her outside of 407 E. 61st St. and grabbed her purse out of her hands, the NYPD said. Running toward York Avenue, the teen used her iPhone 6's Gett app to order a taxi back to his home in East Harlem, police said. He also took a selfie, which was uploaded to the victim's iCloud account, and signed into his own personal Apple account on iPhone 6S, according to authorities. Detectives tracked the suspect down and arrested him on May 23 at 11 a.m., police said. He was arraigned on three counts of grand larceny and his bail was set at $7,500 cash or bond. Other notable crimes in this week’s blotter from the 19th Precinct include: ► Elderly Aunt Scammed Out of $6,400 An 85-year-old Upper East Side woman fell victim to a phone scam on Thursday, when a man called claiming to be a detective at 4 p.m., police said. The man told her that her niece was in jail and that the woman could bail her out by purchasing store gift cards from Best Buy, Walmart, Target and Home Depot. The man advised her not to tell the cashier why she would be buying the cards. When she went to Home Depot, the cashier asked why she wanted to purchase $6,400 in gift cards, and the woman made up an excuse, police said. Later, after the woman had given the card numbers over the phone to the scammers, she discovered that her niece was not in jail. ► Breakfast Food Bandit Hits Gristedes A 38-year-old East Harlem man was arrested for trying to steal bacon and coffee from the Gristedes at 202 E. 96th St., near Third Avenue, on Saturday, at 10:50 a.m., police said. When employees caught him on camera putting the items into a laundry bag and tried to stop him from leaving, the suspect grabbed his bag from them, flailed his arms and kicked an employee. The items he tried to steal were eight Café Bustelo Coffee containers worth $52, seven Applegate bacon packages worth $52, five Godshall bacon packages worth $30, and three Oscar Mayer turkey bacon packages worth $17, police said. He was charged with robbery. A manager at Gristedes declined to comment. ► Don't Give Your Purse to Strangers A 38-year old woman had her purse stolen at Ethyl's Alcohol & Food at 1629 Second Ave., near 85th Street, Friday morning at 2:45 a.m., after handing it to a stranger at the bar while going to dance, police said.  When she returned, the person had vanished with the $2,000 Tod's snakeskin purse, which contained a $400 Louis Vuitton keychain, $100 in cash, $200 in makeup, a $400 Tom Ford perfume bottle, her license, and an American Express card. A spokesperson for Ethyl's did not immediately return a request for comment. ► Locker Theft at Lenox Hill Hospital A Brooklyn man had his wallet stolen from a locker at Lenox Hill Hospital when he went for an MRI at the 100 E. 77th St. medical center on Tuesday, police said. At 7 p.m., the 31 year old put his $300 Paul Smith wallet that had cash and multiple credit cards inside of a hospital locker before going in for his MRI, police said. When he returned to the locker, it was missing. Reps for Lenox Hill Hospital did not immediately return a request for comment.  ► Fake Bottle Return at Duane Reade A 28-year-old cashier from Brooklyn was seen on camera processing fake bottle returns and pocketing the cash at the Duane Reade at 1550 Third Ave. at 87th Street, police said. Between April 20 and May 21, he took $2,050, police said. He was charged with grand larceny. ► Bloomingdale's Targeted for Fraud and Theft Two men were arrested for trying to buy high-end items at the 1000 Third Ave. Bloomingdale's with fake credit cards, police said. A 38-year-old suspect purchased two pairs of Ferragamo shoes worth $740 and two Ferragamo belts worth $975 using a fake credit card on Wednesday at 6 p.m. He was charged with grand larceny, two counts of possession of a forged instrument, and one count of criminal possession of stolen property. A 19-year-old Queens man tried picking up two Burberry shirts valued at $288 that he bought with an account that didn't belong to him on Thursday around 7 p.m. He used a fake ID to pick up the items, but store security stopped him and he was charged with petit larceny and criminal possession of a forged instrument. ► Drunk Driver Refuses Breath Test A New Jersey man was arrested for drunk driving when police pulled him over for recklessly driving his 2016 Chevy Wagon along East 60th Street, First Avenue and East 61st Street Thursday shortly after 2:30 a.m., police said. He made an improper turn and disobeyed traffic light, and refused to take a Breathalyzer test when he was stopped. The driver was charged with aggravated unlicensed operation of a vehicle, unlicensed driving, operating a motor vehicle while intoxicated and operating a motor vehicle while impaired by alcohol.  Twitter Facebook Email More Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandRats Run Amok Outside Roosevelt Island School Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandCelebrate Frank Lloyd Wright's Birthday with Cake at the Guggenheim Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island2nd Avenue Subway Service Resumes After Hours-Long Power Outage, MTA Says Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island35 Percent of Eligible Kindergarteners Shut Out of City’s Gifted Programs Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandNYCHA Tenants 'Trapped in Shadows of Wealthy' Under City Plan, Electeds Say Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandSalt Seeping Into Underground Cable Likely Sparked UES Manhole Fire: Con Ed Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island5 Manholes Catch Fire on Upper East Side, Officials Say Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandRobber Threatens to Throw Acid on Women at Upper East Side ATM, NYPD Says Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandMuseum Mile Fest Promises Salsa Dance Lessons With Free Admission Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandNearly 300 'High-End' Trash Bins Added to Upper East Side Streets Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandBattery Park City Is Home to Nation's Priciest Rents: Study Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandStraphangers Will Foot the Bill for New MTA Capital Plan, MTA Chair Says Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandYou Have To Earn $240K a Year to Afford a 3-Bedroom in Manhattan Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandFlatiron's 5th Ave. Sees Retail Rent Increases Amid Slowdown, Study Says Get our daily Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island news and alerts! Subscribe By clicking subscribe, I agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. News Alert New York City Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & SoHo Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood News Alert Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Staten Island Add to my subscription Get our daily Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island news and alerts! Subscribe By clicking subscribe, I agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. News Alert New York City Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & SoHo Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood News Alert Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Staten Island Add to my subscription Recommended Bed-Stuy » Brooklyn Slumlord Gets Up to 6 Years in Prison in $450K Bribery Probe: DA Jamaica Estates » Trump's Childhood Home Has Become an Overgrown Eyesore, Neighbors Say East Williamsburg » Apartments Starting at $867 Per Month Rising on Former White Castle Site Astoria » Homophobic Obama Graffiti Vandal Arrested For Astoria Spree, Police Say You need an iframes capable browser to view this content. DNAinfo is New York's leading neighborhood news source. We deliver up-to-the-minute reports on entertainment, education, politics, crime, sports, and dining. Our award-winning journalists find the stories - big or small - that matter most to New Yorkers. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2009-2017, DNAinfo. All Rights Reserved. News Arts & Entertainment Crime & Mayhem Education Food & Drink Health & Wellness Parenting & Schools Politics Real Estate Transportation Urban Animals Weather Features Back to School Checklist The Outside Chance New York Visualized Apartmentality Get Out & Do This Openings & Closings Principal Of The Week This Is New York Holidays in the Neighborhood DNAinfo Neighborhood Partners Advertise with Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Media Kit Follow Us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Instagram RSS SUBSCRIBE DNAinfo Neighborhood Partners Advertise with Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Media Kit Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2009-2017, DNAinfo. All Rights Reserved.

Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In East Montgomery County Observer Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Creighton's 'Buy America' bill with governor after unanimous approval by Texas lawmakers By John S. Marshall, jmarshall@hcnonline.com May 26, 2017 Photo: Bill Montgomery The cargo ship Emerald Bay passes the Texas City Dike en route to the Port of Houston. The cargo ship Emerald Bay passes the Texas City Dike en route to... A bill authored by Conroe state lawmaker Brandon Creighton that's expected to give a financial boost to Texas ports -- as well as the rest of the Texas economy -- is with the governor after passing both the Senate and the House unanimously. Senate Bill 28 -- the so-called Texas Port Expansion Act -- has been sent to Gov. Greg Abbott after sailing through both houses of the state Legislature. With Texas ports already a powerful contributor to the state's overall economy, the bill is expected to help create more jobs by putting port improvement projects in the fast lane -- a potential financial boon even for landlocked Texas communities. According to the Texas Ports Association the financial benefit produced by the state's ports reaches far inland, with agricultural products and livestock grown on Texas farms and ranches being exported to foreign countries through Texas ports, while containerized shipments carrying goods for WalMart and other major retail chains enter the U.S. through Texas Ports. It's estimated that nearly 1.4 million jobs are related to cargo moving through maritime terminals located in the state, while nearly $83 billion in personal income is created as a result of the port industry. With Texas ranking first in the nation in exports, the money being made available for port improvement projects is expected to make the state more competitive in international trade, especially as the Panama Canal is expanded. Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. "This is revolutionary for Texas ports," Creighton said of the bill. "Texas ports are among the best in the world and now have the capability to become more competitive." The bill breezing through the Legislature marks a busy week and month involving legislation backed by the Republican state senator. Late Thursday the governor signed into law a bill that requires members of Lone Star Groundwater District be elected. A House version of the bill was sponsored by three lawmakers who represent Montgomery County in the Texas House -- Will Metcalf, Mark Keough and Cecil Bell Jr. -- while Creighton had introduced a similar version in the Senate. The bill signed by the governor was the final version of the two bills. Earlier in the week Creighton's legislation involving Jones State Forest passed the Senate in a 31-0 vote. With bills still being referred to the House he says he's "hopeful" the legislation will advance quickly. Though Creighton says the bill will protect the forest, the measure still faces opposition from the Sierra Club. The environmental organization argues the wording of the bill is "flawed" and says it does not allow for a "transparent" process in getting the public involved. Also, earlier this month a bill sponsored by Creighton that would require that only steel made in America be used in state construction projects passed the Senate in a 23-7 vote. A similar bill "Buy America" bill has passed the House, so lawmakers from both the Senate and House will meet to try to agree on a final version. If passed and signed into law that bill would require large state projects - such as buildings, roads and bridges - be built only with steel made by U.S. companies. Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries Blogging w/Bill White Opinion Bill White Bill White Blog Memorial Day Poppies Lt. Col. John McCrae, physician to the First Canadian Brigade during World War I, wrote the now famous poem 'In Flanders Fields' amid the fields' graves and poppies. Lt. Col. John McCrae, physician to the First Canadian Brigade during World War I, wrote the now famous poem 'In Flanders Fields' amid the fields' graves and poppies. Bill WhiteContact Reporter 'In Flanders Fields' poem inspired poppy tradition     Poppies and World War I have come up more than once in recent months.     First, I got around to reading a very old book that had been in my family, written by journalist, novelist and playwright -- and fellow Lehigh University graduate -- Richard Harding Davis. It's called "With the French in France and Solonika," chronicling the war correspondent's travels around different fronts and European cities during World War I.    I've never read any of his stuff before, and I was struck by his engaging, entertaining style of description and commentary. In particular, his descriptions of the trenches gave me a better understanding of life for these soldiers.    He's a fascinating guy. I encourage you to follow that link above to his life story.    Around the same time, I had a request from someone to track down an old Morning Call piece about World War I and the significance of poppies. I dove into our archives, found a few and passed them along. It turned out that one of them was the story the reader had remembered. PHOTO GALLERY: Morning Call photographers have chronicled Memorial Day services and parades over the decades. Here are some of their photos from our archives.    Finally, I received a letter from someone asking me to write about poppies this year for Memorial Day.    I was going to take him up on that, but I've been swamped and I never got to it. Instead, I decided to use this space to share a very nice freelance piece by James Marsh, which ran in The Morning Call in 1998. It's one of the stories I sent to that reader.    You'll see that this tradition was inspired by the World War I poem "In Flanders Fields." I'll share that at the end.    Here's Marsh's column:    A year ago, while I was shopping at Wal-Mart on Memorial Day weekend, an older gentleman wearing a veteran's cap held out his hand, offering to sell me a bright, red paper flower. I averted my eyes and shuffled past him. Just someone else looking for a handout, I thought to myself.    Driving home, my conscience began to toy with me. I remembered my grandfather holding my hand and walking me along a downtown sidewalk in the late 1940s. We came upon a veteran offering those same paper flowers, and grandfather produced a coin and bought one from the vet. He tucked it in a buttonhole in my shirt, and told me it was a veteran's poppy. A block later, another vet held out another paper bouquet, and grandfather dipped for another coin and tucked another red poppy onto my shirt. "It's for the soldiers who fought for us," he said simply, as if a 7-year-old knew all about the big war we'd just anguished through. Tales of World War II were still pretty fresh then. Even in my youthful naivete, I think I knew it was just a way of saying thanks.    That memory stirred my conscience on my drive home. Here I was, now in my 50s, and I had forgotten how to say thank you to an old soldier. The vets and the poppies appear each spring around Memorial Day and again in the fall around Veterans Day. Now, half a century past World War II, even with three more major conflicts inserted into our country's history, most people pass the old soldiers by, as I did, with no idea what's behind those little paper flowers.   The poppy movement was inspired by the poem, "In Flanders Fields," written by Col. John McCrae of the Canadian forces before the U.S. entered World War I. The bright, red common poppy grows wild throughout Europe, brightening the fields and roadsides from May into July. The poem presented striking images of the flowers blooming among rows of white crosses marking the graves of the war dead in Belgium. Selling replicas of the original Flanders poppy originated in some of the allied countries after the Armistice for the benefit of children in devastated areas of France and Belgium.    During the early 1920s, the Veterans of Foreign Wars adopted the idea, which resulted in the VFW "Buddy Poppy." The poppies were fashioned by disabled and needy veterans, who were paid for their work as a practical means of financial assistance. The name of the "Buddy Poppy" originated with the men who assembled them. The VFW registered the name with the U.S. Patent Office in 1924. The practice spread across the country and poppies have been assembled ever since in regional Veterans Hospitals, homes and workshops. The American Legion also had adopted the poppy as its official flower, and has been selling the paper remembrances since 1923.    Poppy sales are based on a simple premise -- "honoring the dead by helping the living." Proceeds go to veteran assistance programs, especially those for vets who have been maimed and disabled fighting for our country.    In this century alone, more than 619,000 American men and women lost their lives in armed conflict while fighting for their country. More than 1.1 million were wounded -- many of them maimed or disabled for the rest of their lives. These men and women were our neighbors, our sons, daughters, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, husbands and wives. Thirty-five million more Americans served, fought and survived this century's wars.    This Memorial Day, I plan to go looking for a vet selling poppies. I hope I can make up for my moment of ingratitude last year. If you see a vet, buy a poppy from him or her. Or, at least, go up and say "Thank you for going over there and for coming back." In Flanders fields the poppies blow Between the crosses, row on row, That mark our place; and in the sky The larks, still bravely singing, fly Scarce heard amid the guns below. We are the Dead. Short days ago We lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow, Loved and were loved, and now we lie In Flanders fields. Take up our quarrel with the foe: To you from failing hands we throw The torch; be yours to hold it high. If ye break faith with us who die We shall not sleep, though poppies grow In Flanders fields. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Breaking Obits Prom Sports Biz Cycle Arts & Ent Popular Classifieds 61°
Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law 6 Tips For Appellate Advocacy (Especially If You’re Appellant’s Counsel) Non-Sequiturs: 06.02.17 The History Of Patents 9 Months In, The Pebbles Of GCs’ Diversity Efforts May Be Causing Thousands Of Ripples Throughout The Legal Profession From The Career Files: How To Shine At Your Law Firm Sexual Harassment Makes For Some Mighty Strange Cases Stat Of The Week: States With A Majority Of Lawyers Not Working As Lawyers Law Firm Basics: What To Consider When Pricing Your Legal Services Is There A Problem With How The DOJ Handles Sexual Harassment? eClinicalWorks To Pay $155 Million To Settle False Claims Suit Median Starting Salary For Associates Remains Flat, Despite Move To $180K Wachtell Lipton Partner George Conway Withdraws From Justice Department Consideration A ‘To-Do List’ For Law Firm Partners Considering A Lateral Move In 2017 Everything Wrong With The 2017 Law School Rankings For Many Firms, The Start Of Summer Brings Law Student Employees: Plan Ahead Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE The 2017 Law School Rankings: The Finest In Fact-Based List Making Non-Sequiturs Non-Sequiturs: 05.26.17 By Elie Mystal May 26, 2017 at 2:58 PM Shares8 Preet Bharara Ed. note: Above the Law will not be publishing on Monday, May 29, in honor of Memorial Day. We’ll see you on Tuesday, May 30 — which is when we plan to issue our latest ATL Law School Rankings. * A Texas police chief is under investigation for allegedly calling a woman a “black bitch” after an altercation in a Walmart parking lot. The police chief was giving his 14-year-old daughter driving lessons at the time, and I’m comfortable drawing a straight line from the police/father’s behavior to 53% of white women voting for Donald Trump. [The Root] * I think this link has something to do with art. Potentially, there’s a lawsuit about somebody who copies art? I really don’t know. Somebody at Above the Law sent me a link about art, told me to put it here, but didn’t summarize the relevant art facts to me, and… well, I’m just not going to muster the focus to read a whole story about art. [Jezebel] * Joel Cohen, Judge Jed S. Rakoff, and Judge Richard Posner debate “alternative facts,” because this is now an issue in our crumbling society. [Slate] * Long Island family awarded over $8 million because cops Tased disabled man four times. [New York Law Journal] * Preet Bharara says recently elected Montana Congressperson, Greg ‘The Body-Slammer’ Gianforte, would “face deportation” if he was an immigrant. [The Hill] * Most respectable publications are reporting on Trump’s embarrassing performance in Europe. Do you think that has filtered all the way down to the white supremacist media that is in charge of the country? [Breitbart] Promoted Sponsored Content April and May Highlights on Legal Talk Network: Dean Strang, Drug Scandals, and Drones LTN Highlights: Dean Strang, Drug Scandals, and Drones May brought us a fresh batch of podcasts. May brought us a fresh batch of podcasts. Legal Talk Network Promoted Sponsored Content NALP 2017: Kinney Recruiting’s Takeaways and Counterpoints NALP 2017: Kinney Recruiting’s Takeaways and Counterpoints A grasp of nuance is crucial in evaluating the legal recruiting market. A grasp of nuance is crucial in evaluating the legal recruiting market. Robert Kinney Shares8 Topics Alternative Facts, Art, Art Law, Donald Trump, Greg Gianforte, Jed Rakoff, Jed S. Rakoff, Joel Cohen, Justice, Minority Issues, Non-Sequiturs, Police, Politics, Preet Bharara, Preetinder Bharara, Preetinder S. Bharara, Racism, Richard Posner, Texas —ADVERTISEMENT— Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles White & Case Has Built The New ‘Modern’ Law Firm Office — And It’s Awesome Wachtell Lipton Partner George Conway Withdraws From Justice Department Consideration The 2017 Law School Rankings: The Finest In Fact-Based List Making 9 Months In, The Pebbles Of GCs’ Diversity Efforts May Be Causing Thousands Of Ripples Throughout The Legal Profession California Bar Exam Results By Law School (February 2017) 6 Tips For Appellate Advocacy (Especially If You’re Appellant’s Counsel) Everything Wrong With The 2017 Law School Rankings Lawyerly Lairs: George And Kellyanne Conway’s $8 Million Mansion Median Starting Salary For Associates Remains Flat, Despite Move To $180K Stat Of The Week: States With A Majority Of Lawyers Not Working As Lawyers A ‘To-Do List’ For Law Firm Partners Considering A Lateral Move In 2017 The History Of Patents John Manning Named New Dean Of Harvard Law School, White Men Rejoice Federal Prosecutor Found Dead On Beach Court Rules Emoji Can Convey Intent From the Above the Law Network June Free Monthly Cle Source: Lawline CLE Tight Budget? Learn Costs and Benefits of a Virtual Law Office Source: Thomson Reuters Overworked? Get Tips in This Free Matter Management Checklist Source: Thomson Reuters Should you Consider a Virtual Law Office? Take a Tour Here. Source: Thomson Reuters Are We In A Golden Age of Legal Research Innovation? Source: Lawsites Blog BEST LIFE SCIENCES LAW FIRM RANKING 2017 Source: Lake Whillans 5 Things First-Years Need To Do To Survive Biglaw Source: Lateral Link Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth Source: Kinney Recruiting What’s Up With The Bar Exam? 5 Ways In Which The Business Of Law Is NOT Changing Anytime Soon Shares8 Promoted Sponsored Content Teaching You What Law School Doesn’t Teaching You What Law School Doesn’t Practical training on your terms at the right price… Practical training on your terms at the right price… Stephanie Wilkins Promoted Sponsored Content Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Knowing the right answers can help you navigate through life’s financial decisions. Knowing the right answers can help you navigate through life. Above The Law Promoted Sponsored Content At Which Firms Are Women Thriving? Findings From The ATL Law Firm Gender Diversity Index Law firms blow a lot of rhetorical hot air affirming their commitment to achieving gender diversity in the workplace. Yet, despite some isolated efforts to hire and retain more female attorneys and promote more women into partnership, little tangible progress has been made to improve the position of women in the profession… Above The Law Recent Jobs Environmental Associate Location: Seattle, Washington posted by Stoel Rives LLP Rechtsanwalt (m/w) für Bau- und Immobilienrecht in Frankfurt Location: Frankfurt, Germany posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Covenant Analyst Location: New York, New York posted by Xtract Research Mid Level Finance Associate Location: Dallas, Texas posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Senior Attorney - Regulatory Location: Memphis, Tennessee posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC view all » Promoted Sponsored Content Want To Improve Your Accounting And Finance Knowledge? Want To Improve Your Accounting And Finance Knowledge? “This is what I would build in my dreams.” -Director of Attorney Development, Am Law 100 firm “This is what I would build in my dreams.” -Director of Attorney Development, Am Law 100 firm HOTSHOT Promoted Sponsored Content Transgender Civil Rights: Emerging Trends Transgender Civil Rights: Emerging Trends ATL readers are offered 1 free CLE course each month, thanks to Lawline. ATL readers are offered 1 free CLE course each month, thanks to Lawline. Lawline Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. ×
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 84 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER JUNE 4, 2017 JUNE 4, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JUN 4, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 84 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Weekly recalls: Spinner toys, wall sconces The Associated Press First Published May 26 2017 12:57PM    •    Last Updated May 26 2017 12:57 pm Single page Share This Article Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here's a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as "MMDDYYYY," are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys VIDEOS TOP JOBS WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in color and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. » Next page... 2 3 4 Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Philip Rucker: Trump reacts to London terror by stoking fear, renewing feud with mayor Pride parade attendees feel sense of urgency to 'elevate' the LGBTQ conversation Jennifer Rubin: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -- and America -- once again Mormon church -- the one that doesn't practice polygamy -- is becoming a fixture in a polygamous tow Who punishes a prosecutor? In Utah, it's most likely no one ELEVATE Five pitfalls to avoid when buying a condo or townhouse   Utah Arts Festival: Four days of music, culture...and art!   8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS VIEW/POST COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Search Monday, June 05, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets The Race To 2020 Bad week for the import tax by Joseph Lawler | May 26, 2017, 2:43 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn House leaders insist that their proposal for a destination-based corporate tax is undergoing a revamp. (Steve Bisson/Savannah Morning News via AP) Prospects for the boldest proposal in House Speaker Paul Ryan's tax plan are dimming as members of Congress fan out over the country for the Memorial Day break. House Republican leaders insisted this week that their proposal for a destination-based corporate tax is undergoing a revamp and that they will push ahead with it in negotiations with the Senate and the White House. The idea of a border-adjusted tax, first outlined in June, is meant to keep U.S. companies from fleeing the country by taxing them only for sales in the U.S. Yet opponents of border adjustment, especially industries that fear higher taxes on imported materials, saw the possibility of total defeat of the idea this week, and say they are not interested in a revision of the plan meant to address their concerns. Speaking to reporters Thursday, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said business fears about the border-adjusted tax could be allayed with a "generous transition" plan in the tax reform legislation. The biggest fear for retailers, oil refiners and other businesses that import materials is that, with border adjustment, they would lose the ability to deduct the cost of imports from their taxable income. In theory, they would be no worse off under border adjustment because the value of the dollar would increase relative to other currencies, meaning that the greater purchasing power of the dollar would offset the tax increase on imports. Retailers, however, have not been willing to bet that a currency appreciation will spare them a tax hike. Companies such as Walmart and Best Buy formed a coalition that has aggressively opposed the House GOP proposal, as has the group of political nonprofits associated with Koch Industries, which owns a refining business. There is little indication that those groups are interested in seeing a revised version of the border adjustment, after a week in which more Republicans came out against it. "Phasing in a harmful policy doesn't make it less harmful, and the longer it takes Washington to let this go, the harder real reform is going to be," said Nathan Nascimento, vice president of policy for Freedom Partners, a Koch-affiliated political nonprofit. "It's time to drop the [border-adjusted tax] and start unifying Americans around comprehensive reform." One of the purposes of allowing the border-adjustment to phase in would be to allow companies to prepare for its impact and, potentially, to reorganize their supply chains to bring more production back to the U.S., rather than relying on imports, Brady said. Yet the Retail Industry Leaders Association, a trade group of retailers, said their stance remained that they could not support the tax reform proposal until the border-adjustment was off the table. "I don't think there is any kind of transition that we would be comfortable" with, said an energy industry source, adding that this week's Republican defections on the border adjustment made it seem less necessary to bargain over the proposal. In particular, several prominent members of Brady's committee came out against the proposal at a hearing Tuesday. Rep. Erik Paulsen, a Minnesota Republican who rooms with Brady, announced at the hearing that he could not support border adjustment. Other members of the committee expressed doubts. Elsewhere, in appearances before Congress and with the media, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin continued to explain that the administration has problems with the idea and is leaving it up to House Republicans to come back to the table with an improved proposal if they want it included in reform. In comments made to the KPMG Global Energy Conference Wednesday, reported by the energy industry publication Rigzone, former House Speaker John Boehner said that the border adjustment "is deader than a doornail." That same day, in an interview with Axios, Ryan acknowledged that the White House had doubts about the plan and added that "of course" tax reform could be passed without border adjustment. The problem, though, is that in addition to protecting U.S. companies, the border adjustment would have raised a lot of money — about $1 trillion over 10 years, according to one outside estimate — that could be used in the reform to lower tax rates further. It raises that money because the U.S. imports more than it exports. If border adjustment does fall out of the plan, Ryan said, "you'll have to do more base-broadening within the domestic economy." That is, Republicans will have to take away more tax breaks, credits and deductions from American groups to ensure that the tax plan doesn't add to the deficit. Kevin Brady Tax Reform Koch brothers House Republicans House Ways and Means Committee Economy Joseph Lawler Paul Ryan Taxes Congress News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 23 minutes ago Keep your eye on Scott Walker in Wisconsin 24 minutes ago Corn ethanol faces its limits under EPA fuel mandate 24 minutes ago Republican lawmakers wonder when it's time to ditch Trump 24 minutes ago Financial industry targets Obama regulation as it goes into effect 8 hours ago US diplomat breaks with Trump to praise London mayor after attack 11 hours ago Preventable: Ankle bracelets on terror suspects stop attacks 12 hours ago Nikki Haley: 'We don't need India, and France, and China' telling US what to do on climate change 13 hours ago Mark Warner wants to know if Trump put 'unthinkable' pressure on James Comey 23 hours ago The US can't fix Afghanistan, and it should stop trying 1 day ago In small town Iowa, a humble model for Democratic politicians 1 day ago Iowa experience shows why Planned Parenthood should be defunded 1 day ago Alan Dershowitz: Will Brits vote for hard-left, anti-Semite Jeremy Corbyn? 1 day ago Off Broadway play that depicts life after Trump impeachment to close early 1 day ago DNC lawsuit now includes claim that someone in Debbie Wasserman Schultz's office used voice changer 2 days ago Trump not planning to invoke executive privilege to block James Comey testimony: Report 2 days ago Judiciary Democrats: Trump lacks case to invoke executive privilege on James Comey About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL THE RACE TO 2020 ABOUT US
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: missoulian.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local State & Regional Business Government & Politics National World Sports Griz High School Local College National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email Newsletters Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Missoula, MT (59801) Today A few thunderstorms possible. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms early, then variable clouds overnight with more showers at times. Low 51F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close 2017 Missoula senior all-night party set for June 3 at The HUB May 26, 2017 Seniors from all Missoula County public high schools are invited to gather at The Hub Family Entertainment Center on Saturday, June 3, from 8:30 p.m. to 2:30 a.m. to celebrate their graduation with party games, prizes and sweets. There will be a variety of fun things to do including laser tag, go-kart races, bingo and karaoke. Seniors also have the chance to win lucrative prizes, including a $1,000 scholarship from Montana State University or the University of Montana; $1,000 in cash, a laptop computer, an entertainment system, a barbecue or a GoPro video camera. Due to generous sponsors including Walmart, Blackfoot Telephone Cooperative and Town Pump, we are able to reduce the price of the tickets to $20 if purchased at the high schools ahead of time, or $25 at the door. The Senior All Night Party is a way to celebrate four years’ worth of hard work and the bright futures beckoning the 2017 graduating seniors. The Senior All Night party is a concept that was started over 30 years ago by a group of parents and community-minded individuals who took it upon themselves to do something about alcohol and teen driving on graduation night. Since its inception, this event has contributed to the downward trend of accidents and serious injuries related to graduation celebrations. Encourage your seniors to join. For more information, see the Missoula Senior All Night Party Facebook page. If you would like to volunteer as a chaperone or in some other capacity, please contact, Kitty Ortman-Nachtigal, MissoulaSeniorParty@gmail.com or sign up on the SignUp.com website: http://signup.com/go/McayUQ.   Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 You must be logged in to react. Click any reaction to login. Tags Senior Economics Internet Night High School Page Graduation Facebook Video Camera Recommended More Latest Local Offers Western Montana Growers Cooperative Get the only Certified Organic, Pasture based milk available in Montana from Western Montana Growers' Cooperative! Click here for more information. Care Net of Missoula Unexpected pregnancy? Care Net of Missoula is here to help! Complimentary ultrasounds, emotional support and more! Click here for more information. Diversified Materials & Construction From small river rock to big boulders, Diversified Materials & Construction has the materials you need for all your residential and commercial hardscape projects. Call us today to place your order! 406-543-2649 © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Traffic Pedestrian killed in crash on I-440 in Raleigh Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Chance for storms remains overnight, Monday Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Our Take Reliable Dalatri leads UNC past Michigan 8-1 in elimination game Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Must-do for Congress: Raise debt limit, pass spending bills Business Trump to push for overhauling roads, bridges, air traffic Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid PHILIP PRICE: Truth is Senate 'cuts' to education 'bureaucracy' mean less accountability and support for teachers, students Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Texas lawmakers make few moves to address pregnancy deaths Political News This one letter helped spark a national opioid epidemic Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Entertainment Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's life and legacy Entertainment Grande returns to Manchester to honor victims with benefit Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Restaurant patrons hid following shooting of 7-year-old boy Out and About Thousands take to Raleigh streets for Ironman race Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather Halifax and Northampton counties are under alert. Details Published: 2017-05-26 14:07:00 Updated: 2017-05-26 14:07:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper MyGiftCardsPlus Memorial Day Sale Tags: Freebies Posted May 26 Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18BBV Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters MyGiftCardsPlus is celebrating Memorial Day with a great deal! Purchase gift cards now through Monday, 5/29/17 and you’ll earn an extra 33% cash back on all gift cards! (that’s 33% more SB for your gift card purchases). If you're not familiar, MyGiftCardsPlus is a site where you earn cash back (in the form of SB points from Swagbucks) for purchasing gift cards to your favorite retailers. For example, when you buy a $50 Applebee’s gift card you usually earn 300 SB, but now you’ll earn 399 SB (worth $3.99)! There are tons of gift cards available to buy including Bass Pro Shops (think Father's Day), Lowe's home improvement store, Buffalo Wild Wings, Macaroni Grill, IHOP, Cracker Barrel, TGI Friday's, Papa John's Pizza, Domino's Pizza, Olive Garden, Belk, Toys R Us, Old Navy, Panera, Ulta, JCPenney, Gap, Chili's, Cold Stone and many more! Use gift cards to stock up on summer essentials, treat your family to dinner, or book flights and hotels for a long weekend getaway. You won’t want to miss these cash back deals, so click HERE to make advantage of this deal while supplies last! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. Disclaimer: This post contains affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: MyGiftCardsPlus Memorial Day Sale 1 MyGiftCardsPlus Sale Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 30-June 5 Weather Weather maps and cams Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting State News Boat explodes after gas was pumped into fishing rod holder Local News Coast Guard searching for person after paddle board, hat wash ashore News Evening Pick 3 Pick 4 and Cash 5 Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast News WRAL Late News Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: You are beautiful Go Ask Mom Raleigh's indoor playground sets summer hours National News Police respond to incident at London Bridge; multiple casualties reported Food 6 ways to cut your cancer risk when grilling food Lifestyles Young men seek barbecue dad for Father's Day weekend Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations News Have You Seen This? Massive underground pipe explosion Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Political News Trump vows to do whatever is necessary to protect US Local News 7-year-old boy killed in Durham shooting World News 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Local News Local Muslims on London attacks: 'We respect the sanctity of life' Local News Police: No one injured after drive-by shooting at Durham nightclub SmartShopper How did you do at Super Doubles? SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? @NCCapitol Jordan Lake pollution gets another experimental treatment in House budget SmartShopper Harris Teeter Super Doubles Deals list Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone News Video Obituaries Opinion Editorial Brenda Adams Melinda Williams Janet Hanks Lloyd Mathews Letters to the Editor Sports Lifestyles Weddings Engagements Classifieds NIE Resource E-Edition PC Library Archive Advertisers Subscribe Staff About Us Missing Paper Submit Ideas Subscriber E-Access Outdoors Shoplifter admits being ‘caught red handed’ By MELINDA WILLIAMS melinda@southwesttimes.com  A Christiansburg man arrested for shoplifting at the Dublin Walmart a year ago didn’t try to convince authorities he was innocent at the time of his arrest, a prosecutor says. Assistant Commonwealth’s Attorney Travis Epes says 70-year-old Larry Ray Vincil was arrested June 3 after admitting to taking items from the store without paying for them. Epes said Vincil told an arresting officer, “I’m not going to lie to you. You caught me red-handed,” upon being stopped outside the store that day. He said Vincil and a female were observed by store security putting items inside a tote, then pushing the cart it was in past the checkouts without paying. Continue reading Written by: Editor on May 26, 2017. Comments comments You must be logged in to post a comment Login Latest Comments bugs42 on The Battle of Cloyd’s Farm Part IV Casper on Griffith introduces the Cell Phone Freedom Act Casper on Griffith introduces the Cell Phone Freedom Act Media Gallery News Video Obituaries Opinion Editorial Brenda Adams Melinda Williams Janet Hanks Lloyd Mathews Letters to the Editor Sports Lifestyles Weddings Engagements Classifieds NIE Resource E-Edition PC Library Archive Advertisers Subscribe Staff About Us Missing Paper Submit Ideas Subscriber E-Access Outdoors © 2017, ↑ The Southwest Times Log in- Posts - Add New -
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Recalls this week: ride-on toys, spinner toys, furniture     By The Associated Press May 26, 2017     Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here's a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as "MMDDYYYY," are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in colour and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. LIGHT-UP SPINNER TOYS DETAILS: Children's battery-powered, light-up spinner toys sold in two themes: Easter and July 4th. They were sold at Hobby Lobby and Mardel stores nationwide from February 2017 to April 2017. The Easter-themed toys were sold in blue with a pink bunny on the dome and yellow with a yellow and orange chicken on the dome. The July 4th spinners are red with white stars painted on the blue dome. "Hobby Lobby" and item number 9130033 or 9130082 is printed on the spinner handle. The spinners are powered by three LR44 coin cell batteries. WHY: The battery cover can detach and expose the small coin cell batteries, posing choking and ingestion hazards to young children. INCIDENTS: One report of a 14-month-old child who ingested the battery. An x-ray was conducted and the battery passed through. HOW MANY: About 43,000. FOR MORE: Call Hobby Lobby Stores at 800-326-7931 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit www.hobbylobby.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WICKER FURNITURE DETAILS: The Pier 1 Imports Temani collection, which includes a chair, settee and ottoman. The furniture has a Pier 1 Imports logo on the underside of each chair, settee and ottoman. The recall involves the chair with SKU 2769765, settee with SKU 2860548 and Ottoman with SKU 2769778. They were sold at Pier 1 Imports stores nationwide and at www.Pier1.com from March 2014 to April 2017. WHY: The paint used on the wicker furniture can contain excessive levels of lead, which is a violation of the federal lead paint standard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 2,500 in the U.S. and about 75 sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Pier 1 Imports at 855-513-5140 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT Saturday, or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Sunday or visit www.Pier1.com and click on "Product Notes & Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WALL SCONCES DETAILS: Rejuvenation Cypress and Imbrie model articulated wall sconces. The wall sconces have articulating jointed arms and adjustable shades in various colours and finishes. They were sold in plug-in (also called pin-up) and hard wired versions. Each sconce has a label located inside the canopy of the sconce that contains the SKU number, configuration ID, manufacturing date and production order number. The following SKU numbers are included in the recall and are printed on the production label: A1327, A1328, A1329, A1330, A1331, A1332, A9591, A9592, A9593, A9594, A9595, A9596, A3621, A3622, A3625, A3626, A3623, A3624. They were sold at Rejuvenation stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The joint of the articulating arm can pinch or cut the electrical wire causing it to fray, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: Four reports of the wires of the sconces being pinched or fraying. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 1,055. FOR MORE: Call Rejuvenation at 855-347-2143 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@rejuvenation.com or visit www.rejuvenation.com and click on "Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. OFFICE CHAIRS DETAILS: This recall involves office chairs with a Leggett & Platt Office Components LP01 synchro slider mechanism. The slider mechanism allows the user to adjust the seat depth. They were sold at Costco, OfficeMax, Office Depot, Staples and other furniture stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, OfficeDepot.com, Staples.com, Walmart.com and other online stores from July 2015 through February 2017. The sliders were sold on five brands of office chairs: Hon, Hugg, JSI, Sitmatic and Via Seating. More details can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Office-Chairs-Recalled-by-Leggett-Platt-Office-Components . WHY: Seat slider bolts and push nuts can disconnect and fall from the chair, which could cause the seat to detach from the chair, posing a fall hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 47,900 in the U.S. and about 1,000 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Leggett & Platt at 844-516-3615 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to LP01service@leggett.com or visit www.lpworkfurniture.com and click on "Product Recall" at the top of the page. DIGITAL CLAMP METERS DETAILS: Extech digital clamp meters with model numbers EX650, EX655, MA160, MA61, and MA63. These models are all AC/DC clamp meters, which are electrical testing devices that measure AC/DC voltage, resistance, capacitance, frequency, temperature, continuity, and diode. Serial numbers in the following format are included in the recall: R15XXXXXXX to R17XXXXXXX. The "EXTECH" logo and the model number are printed on the front of the unit and the serial number on the back. They were sold at Grainger, Platt Electric Supply stores and industrial and electrical distributors and wholesalers nationwide and online at Amazon.com and other websites from January 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The meters can fail to give an accurate voltage reading, resulting in the operator falsely believing the electrical power is low or off, posing an electrocution hazard. INCIDENTS: Two reports of clamp meters displaying an incorrect voltage reading. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: 1,700 in the U.S. and 20 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Extech at 855-239-8324 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to meter.recall@extech.com, or visit www.extech.com and click on "Safety Notices" at the bottom of the page. LAWN MOWERS DETAILS: Kobalt and Greenworks brands of cordless electric walk-behind lawn mowers. The recalled lawn mowers have four wheels (two smaller ones in the front and two larger ones in the back), a 40-volt max lithium ion battery and a deck width of 20 inches. Both models have a large label on the rear bag door area with a serial number, model number and date code. The Kobalt brand mowers also have an item number on the label. "Kobalt" or "Greenworks" is printed on the side of the bag. Kobalt model number KM2040X-06 and Greenworks G-Max model number 25302 are included in the recall. They were sold at Lowe's and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Lowes.com and other websites from May 2014 through July 2016. WHY: The circuit board in the lawn mower can short circuit and catch fire, posing a fire hazard to users. INCIDENTS: 12 reported incidents with the recalled lawn mowers including 5 reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Hongkong Sun Rise Trading at 888-266-7096 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET any day or visit www.greenworkstools.com and click on "Important Safety Notice" at the bottom of the page.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Zymeworks Presents Safety and Anti-Tumor Activity Data from the Ongoing Phase 1 Study of ZW25 at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting (ASCO 2017) Global Automotive Windshield Market 2017-2021: Top Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio Royal Gold Expands Revolving Credit Facility and Pays Down another $50 million of Debt           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Special Report: Ariana Grande's One Love Manchester Benefit Follow @RollingStone Inside Cherokee Lawsuit to Fight Opioid Epidemic News Video Music Politics TV Movies Gaming RS Country RS Hip-Hop More News Video Music Politics TV Movies Gaming RS Country RS Hip-Hop Lists Culture Galleries Sports Interviews Long Reads Artists Ram Report Album Reviews American Beauty Movie Reviews Coverwall Live Reviews 50th Anniversary Podcasts Subscribe Trending Joy Conquers Fear at Ariana Grande's Moving One Love... See Ariana Grande's Emotional 'Somewhere Over the... Watch Coldplay, Ariana Grande Cover Oasis at One Love... Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus Sing 'Don't Dream It's Over'... Inside Cherokee Lawsuit to Fight Opioid Epidemic Cherokee Nation in Oklahoma is suing distributors and pharmacies who handle opioids, alleging they ignored "red flags" of falsified prescriptions "We just kinda had to step back and say, 'How do we make it stop?'" says one lawyer for the Cherokee Nation. Credit: Backyard Productions/Alamy By Melissa Locker May 26, 2017 More News Trump Administration to Effectively Kill Office Fighting Opioid Epidemic Watch John Oliver Rail on Big Pharma for Enabling Opioid Addiction How Medical Marijuana Could Help End the Opioid Epidemic All Stories The Cherokee Nation, like much of the United States, is suffering from an opioid epidemic. "For months and years, we have seen the effects of the opioid abuse in every aspect of our government and society," says Todd Hembree attorney general for the Cherokee Nation. "We see it in outright death in Cherokee citizens." Related Trump's Budget Could Accelerate the Opioid Crisis Presidential budget released this week proposes slashing Medicaid by as much as $1.4 trillion Hembree and the Cherokee Nation knew they needed to do something to curb the tide of opioids into their community in Oklahoma, home to 177,000 tribal members. The state leads the nation in opioid abuse, but they knew arresting drug users wasn't going to help and they didn't have the resources to track down every doctor who wrote a questionable prescription for oxycodone or every poor patient who sold their stash. So they decided to aim their resources where they thought it would be most effective. "We just kinda had to step back and say, 'How do we make it stop?' We became aware that other states were bringing this type of lawsuit," he says, referring to West Virginia and Illinois, among others. "We sat around our conference table and said, 'Well, if states can bring it, why can't the Cherokee Nation?'" Now, the Cherokee Nation is suing top drug distributors and pharmacies alleging that the corporations are profiting by not doing enough to stem the tide of highly addictive and deadly painkillers into the Cherokee community in Oklahoma. Walgreens, CVS Health, and Walmart are all named in the suit, along with the nation's three largest pharmaceutical distributors: AmerisourceBergen, McKesson, and Cardinal Health.  "The distributors that we've named in this complaint, distribute close to 90 percent of the opioids in this country," says Richard Fields, one of the attorneys working with the Cherokee Nation. "The pharmacy chains have over 80 percent of the market share." The lawsuit, which was filed in April, is in some ways a last ditch effort to force the hands of companies who many see as responsible for the growing opioid epidemic. In 2015, it was estimated that two million people in the United States suffered from addictions to prescription opioid pain relievers. Among those, Native American have the highest rate of substance abuse and drug-induced deaths in the country. The Cherokee Nation's lawsuit estimates opioid abuse led to over 350 deaths within the Cherokee Nation between 2003 and 2014, which is the reason they were forced to act. As Hembree describes it, the lawsuit is meant to work in two ways: reimbursement and discouragement. They hope the companies will reimburse them for the costs associated with a drug epidemic, including increased law enforcement costs and money they've spent on child welfare cases. "Every life flight that we have to take to save an addicted child or treat an overdose, that's a cancer treatment that we don't have money for. That's diabetes treatment that we don't have money for," says Hembree. "You don't have to be addicted to opioids to be harmed by this. The resources of the Cherokee Nation are being spent on this crisis that otherwise should be spent on our ordinary, everyday healthcare needs which are very significant." Perhaps more important, Hembree hopes the lawsuit will encourage the pharmacies and manufacturers to change their behavior and help stem the tide of opioids into the Cherokee Nation. According to attorney Bill Ohlemeyer, another member of the Cherokee Nation legal team, it's a relatively simple problem. "The more you learn about how controlled substances like this are supposed to be distributed, the more you realize that there is a very simple cause to all this and that is the oversupply of these drug," he says. "When you look at statistics, you see how many of these drugs end up in places where it doesn't make sense, in quantities that are orders of magnitude greater than any legitimate purpose. You start asking yourself, 'How does that happen?'" Ohlemeyer argues that it amounts to over-supplying drugs that are meant to be extremely limited in supply. To that end, the lawsuit alleges that the pharmacies and manufacturers aren't living up to their legal duty. If they did, Ohlemeyer says, there would not be such a large-scale problem. "We want them to follow the federal law, the Controlled Substance Act and put in those practices that they're already supposed to do," says Hembree. "I've been Attorney General for six years and there's usually two ways that you can change someone's behavior. Number one is to put them in jail. Number two is to hit them economically hard enough. Well, I don't have the authority to put them in jail, but we have calculated the damages as to these defendants that we will get their attention enough, that they will comply with the law and put in those best practices that will stem this flood of opioids that is going into northeastern Oklahoma, or to the Cherokee Nation." Of course, the pharmacies and manufacturers already believe they are living up to their obligations under the law. "CVS Health is committed to the highest standards of ethics and business practices, including complying with all federal and state laws ... and is dedicated to reducing prescription drug abuse and diversion," CVS Health spokesperson Michael DeAngelis said in an email. "We also have stringent policies, procedures and tools to ensure that our pharmacists properly exercise their corresponding responsibility to determine whether a controlled substance prescription was issued for a legitimate medical purpose before filling it." Courtney Tobin, a spokesperson for Cardinal Health, issued a similar statement, adding that the lawsuit mischaracterized the facts and misunderstood the law. "Cardinal Health is confident that the facts and the law are on our side, and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves," Tobin wrote. "We believe these lawsuits do not advance the hard work needed to solve the opioid abuse crisis – an epidemic driven by addiction, demand and the diversion of medications for illegitimate use." (AmerisourceBergen declined to comment, and Walmart, Walgreens and McKesson did not respond to interview requests.) Ohlemeyer expected the plaintiffs to say as much. "They're going to say that they do everything they can to comply with the rules and regulations, but the facts will prove otherwise," he says. Fields agrees that the problem goes far beyond just the letter of the law. "If you have a patient that's getting too many scripts, or if you have a drug dealer who's falsifying scripts, buying scripts from a doctor, that's going to be visible to everybody in the system and filling those scripts is illegal," he explained. "I think you'll see as this story develops over the next several months, that some of the behavior that some of the pharmacies have engaged in is just completely outrageous. Because it's not complicated, right? When somebody comes in the store with scripts from 5 different doctors in 3 different states and a bag of cash and says, "Fill these." And that happens it doesn't take a brain surgeon to know that that's a violation of the Controlled Substance Act." Now it's up to the courts to decide whether or not the pharmacies and manufacturers are living up to their obligations under the law. While President Trump campaigned on the promise of curbing the opioid epidemic that is ravaging parts of the nation, his new budget slashes Medicaid, the program that treats about 30 percent of opioid and heroin addicts in the nation. As states and tribes reel with the emotional and financial impact of the opioid crisis, lawsuits may prove to be their best bet at recouping some of their losses. The financial ones, anyway.  More News Trump Administration to Effectively Kill Office Fighting Opioid Epidemic Watch John Oliver Rail on Big Pharma for Enabling Opioid Addiction How Medical Marijuana Could Help End the Opioid Epidemic All Stories Topics: Donald Trump Walmart Opioid Epidemic Don’t Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your inbox. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Joy Conquers Fear at Ariana Grande's Moving... 9.0 See Ariana Grande's Emotional 'Somewhere Over... 8.3 Watch Coldplay, Ariana Grande Cover Oasis at... 8.1 Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus Sing 'Don't Dream... 7.8 'Twin Peaks' Recap: Dougie, Fresh 6.9 © Rolling Stone 2017 Digital Edition Subscribe Give a Gift Coverwall Contact Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Terms of Use Customer Service Advertise Sitemap
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Investment into pharmacy joint venture Press Release 26 May 2017   Myanmar Investments International Limited   Investment into pharmacy joint venture   Further to the announcement made on 10 April 2017, Myanmar Investments International Limited [AIM: MIL] („MIL” or the „Company”), the AIM-quoted, Myanmar focused investment company with existing investments in the telecom and microfinance sectors and a well-developed pipeline of opportunities, today announces that it has entered into formal agreements to set up a pharmacy, healthcare, and personal care product joint venture in Myanmar.    The two joint venture partners are an experienced retail group that currently runs over 55 pharmacy, health and beauty outlets in a neighbouring Asian country; with the second partner being an industry veteran with significant experience leading Asian-based retail concepts including Wal-Mart in Korea and India, VinMart in Vietnam and Reliance Markets in India.   McKinsey has predicted that the middle and affluent classes in Myanmar are set to boom in the coming years, with the segment growing to 19 million people by 2030 and tripling consumer spending from US$35 billion to US$100 billion. Given this expected rapid rise in consumer spending, MIL is excited at the prospects for this joint venture.   MIL has invested US$495,000 and holds a 45% stake in the new joint venture. The Company has not committed to, but expects to, invest further capital in the business over the next few years as it expands.   Aung Htun, MIL’s Managing Director said, „We are very pleased to have been able to form a joint venture with such experienced partners and in such a dynamic sector. This investment also serves as evidence that our execution is on track as we broaden the spectrum of our businesses in Myanmar.”   –  Ends  –   For further information please contact:   Aung Htun Managing Director Myanmar Investments International Ltd +95 (0) 1 391 804 +95 (0) 94 0160 0501 aunghtun@myanmarinvestments.com   Michael Dean Finance Director Myanmar Investments International Ltd +95 (0) 1 391 804 +95 (0) 94 2006 4957 mikedean@myanmarinvestments.com   Nominated Adviser Philip Secrett / Jamie Barklem/ Carolyn Sansom Grant Thornton UK LLP +44 (0) 20 7383 5100   Broker Andrew Pinder / David Herring Alistair Roberts (Hong Kong) Investec Bank plc +44 (0) 20 7597 4000   Public Relations Julian Bosdet / Dr. Jenny Lee / Alejandra Campuzano Abchurch Communications +44 (0) 20 7398 7741      Notes to Editors: Myanmar Investments International Limited (AIM: MIL) is the first Myanmar-focused investment company to be admitted to trading on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange.  MIL was established in 2013 with the intention of building long term shareholder value by proactively investing in a diversified portfolio of Myanmar businesses that will benefit from the country’s re-emergence and ongoing economic development. The Company is led by an experienced and entrepreneurial team who between them have considerable industrial, corporate and financial management experience. MIL aims to identify investments with strong growth which if necessary can be „de-risked” through the introduction of experienced senior line-management, mentors and / or strategic partners sourced by MIL’s management board.  The Company’s main focus is on opportunities that are experiencing acute supply and demand imbalances, such as within the consumer and capacity-constrained sectors.  With its strong proprietary investment pipeline of deals, MIL provides investors with a highly disciplined and conservative investment process into one of the most promising growth opportunities of this era. MIL’s largest investment (US$21m cost for a 9.3% shareholding) is in Apollo Towers, one of Myanmar’s top telecom towers companies with 1,800 towers. Apollo operates in the high growth telecom sector with a strong management that is growing the number of co-locations (ie multiple tenancies) on its portfolio of towers. In June 2016, the US Government’s Overseas Private Investment Corporation („OPIC”) provided a US$250m debt facility to Apollo Towers. MIL’s first investment in August 2014 was into Myanmar Finance International Limited („MFIL”) which today is one of the top 10 microfinance companies in Myanmar. Since MIL invested, MFIL’s business has expanded rapidly; its loan portfolio has a CAGR of 148% since investment. The business is profitable with zero NPLs and a sustainable expansion plan for long term growth. In November 2015, the Norwegian Government’s Norwegian Investment Fund for Developing Countries („Norfund”), the Norwegian development finance institution, also became a 25% shareholder in MFIL. Myanmar, a country of approximately 51.4 million people and roughly the size of France, has been isolated for much of the last 50 years.  Once it was one of the more prosperous countries in Southeast Asia as it has an abundance of natural resources (oil, natural gas, arable land, tourist attractions and a long coastline), it is now one of the least developed countries in the world. The country has undergone an unprecedented and peaceful transformational reform process, initiated by U Thein Sein’s Administration in 2011. This is now continuing under the elected civilian administration led by Daw Aung San Suu Kyi which came to power in April 2016 as a result of the first democratic elections in 50 years.  While the process is still evolving, the new government has broad support and significant progress has been made to the economic prospects of the country.  In October 2016, the United States government lifted all remaining sanctions against Myanmar and re-admitted the country into its preferred tariff system.   For more information about MIL, please visit www.myanmarinvestments.com.   MMK 1,362  = US$1 (as at 31 March 2017) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FMI Releases New Report on the Security Testing Market 2016-2026 Next PostNext New Cinnabon Bakery to Open in PHILADELPHIA MILLS Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS Virtual Fidget Spinner Rockets to the Top of iOS App Charts by Nate Church25 May 20170 25 May, 2017 25 May, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Fidget spinners, the heir apparent to fad toys like Pogs, Tamagotchi, and Furby, is now also dominating the digital realm, becoming the most-downloaded free iOS app. Whether or not it has anything to do with treating ADHD or autism, this newest fad has definitely proved therapeutic for toy companies across the country. Fidget spinners are dominating sales on Amazon and now feature everywhere from Walmart to 7-11. Now, Ketchapp’s appropriately titled Fidget Spinner is the most popular free addition to the Apple iTunes marketplace. Players have five chances to give their virtual spinner an exceptionally healthy swipe, in an attempt to achieve the highest possible number of spins. Better spins offer more coins, which can be used to buy — you guessed it — more spins. Players can also unlock different spinners and stickers to customize their digital fidget toys. Spinning ad-free will cost you $1.99. Meanwhile, real fidget spinners can range from about $5 all the way up to $700. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both. Read More Stories About: Tech, Apple, fidget spinners, video games Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter MOST POPULAR Van Hits Pedestrians in ‘Major Incident’ at London Bridge, Multiple Injuries0 comments - 1 day ago Katy Perry in Manchester: ‘Touch the Person Next to You’ and Tell Them ‘I Love You’ to Help ‘Conquer Hate’0 comments - 7 hours ago Trump Blasts London Mayor Sadiq Khan for Saying ‘No Reason to Be Alarmed’ After London Attack0 comments - 14 hours ago Islamic State jihadists claim London stabbing rampage0 comments - 6 hours ago Putin on Russia Conspiracy Theories: ‘Have You All Lost Your Senses over There?”0 comments - 3 hours ago Stevie Wonder Urges Love in Manchester: Anyone Who Claims Terror Due to Allah is a ‘Liar’0 comments - 8 hours ago Nigel Farage: ‘Words Are Not Enough, People Want Action’, Slams Sadiq Khan, Theresa May on Terror Responses0 comments - 14 hours ago Kathy Griffin in Tears at Press Conference: ‘Trump Broke Me’ (Video)0 comments - 2 days ago Alec Baldwin Defends Kathy Griffin after Photo Firestorm: ‘F*ck Them All’0 comments - 10 hours ago CNN Host Reza Aslan Calls Trump ‘Piece of Sh*t’ for Correctly Identifying London Terror Attack0 comments - 1 day ago The Poverty Mindset. Robert Tombs NRA, National Reciprocity FROM THE HOMEPAGE Putin on Russia Conspiracy Theories: ‘Have You All Lost Your Senses over There?”0 Comments Fake News: NBC Issues Correction After Falsely Claiming Putin ‘Does Not Deny’ Having Compromising Info on Trump0 Comments Sadiq Khan: ‘London Is One of the Safest Global Cities in the World’, Despite Two Terror Attacks Since Start of 20170 Comments ‘No Compromise’: Islamic State Supporters Celebrate London Attack on Social Media0 Comments Katy Perry in Manchester: ‘Touch the Person Next to You’ and Tell Them ‘I Love You’ to Help ‘Conquer Hate’0 Comments Democrats Are Asking Hillary Clinton to Step out of the Spotlight0 Comments NBC’s Megyn Kelly Asked Indian PM if He Uses Twitter, Gets Trolled by His 30 Million Twitter Followers0 Comments U.S. Embassy in U.K. Contradicts President Trump on London Mayor0 Comments CNN’s Tapper: Trump’s Climate Change Views a ‘Big Box of Crazy’0 Comments Aussie Imam: ‘Unchecked Multiculturalism to Blame’ for London Terrorist Attacks0 Comments Stevie Wonder Urges Love in Manchester: Anyone Who Claims Terror Due to Allah is a ‘Liar’0 Comments Alec Baldwin Defends Kathy Griffin after Photo Firestorm: ‘F*ck Them All’0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip advertisement Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Vigilant Personal Protection Introduces Tripwire Perimeter Alarm Kit For Camping, Outdoor Sports, Survival or Bug Out The Vigilant PPS-17Trip kit includes a 130dB trip wire alarm with 100 meters of trip wire with line cutter and pre-loaded batteries TAMPA, FL, UNITED STATES, May 26, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The PPS-17Trip is a special version Vigilant alarm designed as a trip wire perimeter protection alarm. It is extremely light weight, loud, and grenade pin activated. The conventional use of a trip wire alarm consists of a wire stretched across a path. Once someone or something trips over the wire it triggers an alarm that alerts you of a movement of your trip wire. Whether it is to secure the perimeter of your campsite, your bug out location or any other location, the trip wire alarm is designed to alert you to intruders. The Vigilant PPS-17Trip is available for $24.99 on Amazon.com, Walmart.com, eBay.com, Sears.com, and directly from Vigilant at VigilantPPS.com Kit includes : 130dB trip wire alarm (Oxford Tan color) Batteries included, preloaded and user replaceable (LR44) 100 meters of 4 strand trip wire, olivine green with line cutter The PPS-17Trip features a Vigilant 130dB grenade style pin activated trip wire alarm. To turn on the alarm manually, pull the grenade style pin from the bottom of the alarm. Be prepared to replace the pin to silence the alarm again. The alarm itself weighs under an ounce preloaded with the batteries, making it light enough to be suspended mid-air by your trip wire. Please visit www.VigilantPPS.com for additional information and specifications on the Vigilant Trip Wire Personal Protection Alarm. About Vigilant Personal Protection Systems Vigilant Personal Protection Systems are the No. 1 best selling personal alarms in the United States. Vigilant also manufactures the Mace brand of personal alarms under license from Mace Security International. David Happe Robinhood Digital LLC 7278775157 email us here Vigilant PPS-17Trip Trip Wire Kit [embedded content] CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. Announces Payment Of Monthly Distribution Next PostNext MagneGas Updates Client Growth Success Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Vigilant Personal Protection Introduces Tripwire Perimeter Alarm Kit For Camping, Outdoor Sports, Survival or Bug Out The Vigilant PPS-17Trip kit includes a 130dB trip wire alarm with 100 meters of trip wire with line cutter and pre-loaded batteries TAMPA, FL, UNITED STATES, May 26, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The PPS-17Trip is a special version Vigilant alarm designed as a trip wire perimeter protection alarm. It is extremely light weight, loud, and grenade pin activated. The conventional use of a trip wire alarm consists of a wire stretched across a path. Once someone or something trips over the wire it triggers an alarm that alerts you of a movement of your trip wire. Whether it is to secure the perimeter of your campsite, your bug out location or any other location, the trip wire alarm is designed to alert you to intruders. The Vigilant PPS-17Trip is available for $24.99 on Amazon.com, Walmart.com, eBay.com, Sears.com, and directly from Vigilant at VigilantPPS.com Kit includes : 130dB trip wire alarm (Oxford Tan color) Batteries included, preloaded and user replaceable (LR44) 100 meters of 4 strand trip wire, olivine green with line cutter The PPS-17Trip features a Vigilant 130dB grenade style pin activated trip wire alarm. To turn on the alarm manually, pull the grenade style pin from the bottom of the alarm. Be prepared to replace the pin to silence the alarm again. The alarm itself weighs under an ounce preloaded with the batteries, making it light enough to be suspended mid-air by your trip wire. Please visit www.VigilantPPS.com for additional information and specifications on the Vigilant Trip Wire Personal Protection Alarm. About Vigilant Personal Protection Systems Vigilant Personal Protection Systems are the No. 1 best selling personal alarms in the United States. Vigilant also manufactures the Mace brand of personal alarms under license from Mace Security International. David Happe Robinhood Digital LLC 7278775157 email us here Vigilant PPS-17Trip Trip Wire Kit [embedded content] CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. Announces Payment Of Monthly Distribution Next PostNext MagneGas Updates Client Growth Success Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × CEOs The highest paid CEOs by state Friday, 26 May 2017 | 8:04 AM ETThe Associated Press SHARES Justin Solomon | CNBC David Zaslav, president and chief executive officer of Discovery Communications. Here are the top-paid CEOs by state for 2016, as calculated by The Associated Press and Equilar, an executive data firm. The survey considered only publicly traded companies with more than $1 billion in revenue that filed their proxy statements with federal regulators between Jan. 1 and May 1. It includes CEOs who have been in place for at least two years. Not every state had a publicly traded company headquartered there that was large enough to be included. To calculate CEO pay, Equilar adds salary, bonus, stock awards, stock option awards, deferred compensation and other components that include benefits and perks. The typical CEO in the Standard & Poor's 500 index made $11.5 million last year. Alabama: Grayson Hall, Regions Financial, $8 million Arizona: Richard C. Adkerson, Freeport-McMoRan, $14 million Arkansas: Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart Stores, $22.4 million California: Robert A. Iger, Walt Disney, $41 million Colorado: Greg Maffei, Liberty Media and Liberty Interactive, $30.2 million Connecticut: Tom Rutledge, Charter Communications, $98 million Delaware: Hervé Hoppenot, Incyte, $11.8 million Florida: Brian Jellison, Roper Technologies, $26.3 million Georgia: Ron Clarke, Fleetcor Technologies, $21.7 million Hawaii: Matt Cox, Matson, $3.9 million Idaho: Darrel Anderson, IDACORP, $3.5 million Illinois: Richard A. Gonzalez, AbbVie, $18 million Indiana: Joseph Swedish, Anthem, $16.5 million Iowa: Stan Askren, HNI, $5.9 million Kansas: Michael J. Brown, Euronet Worldwide, $6.4 million Kentucky: Greg Creed, Yum Brands, $15.4 million Louisiana: Glen F. Post III, CenturyLink, $13.6 million Maine: Jonathan Ayers, IDEXX Laboratories, $5.9 million Maryland: David Zaslav, Discovery Communications, $37.2 million Massachusetts: Jeffrey R. Immelt, General Electric, $18 million Michigan: Mary Barra, General Motors, $22.4 million Minnesota: Stephen J. Hemsley, UnitedHealth Group, $15.7 million Mississippi: Joe F. Sanderson Jr., Sanderson Farms, $3.8 million Missouri: Michael F. Neidorff, Centene Corp., $22 million Nebraska: Fredric J. Tomczyk, TD Ameritrade Holding, $11.4 million (Tomczyk retired in September.) Nevada: Stephen A. Wynn, Wynn Resorts, $28.2 million New Hampshire: Tim McGrath, PC Connection, $3.9 million New Jersey: Alex Gorsky, Johnson & Johnson, $21.9 million New Mexico: Pat Vincent-Collawn, PNM Resources, $4 million New York: Leslie Moonves, CBS, $68.6 million North Carolina: Brian Moynihan, Bank of America, $15.5 million North Dakota: David L. Goodin, MDU Resources Group, $3.3 million Ohio: W. Nicholas Howley, TransDigm Group, $18.7 million Oklahoma: Doug Lawler, Chesapeake Energy, $15.3 million Oregon: Andrew C. Teich, FLIR Systems, $5.1 million (Teich is retiring in June.) Pennsylvania: Brian L. Roberts, Comcast, $33 million Rhode Island: Larry Merlo, CVS Health, $18.4 million South Carolina: John D. Williams, Domtar, $7.2 million South Dakota: David R. Emery, Black Hills, $4.1 million Tennessee: Kenneth W. Lowe, Scripps Networks Interactive, $26.8 million Texas: Randall Stephenson, AT&T, $25.3 million Utah: Truman Hunt, Nu Skin Enterprises, $10.3 million (Hunt stepped down as CEO in March.) Virginia: Marty Barrington, Altria Group, $24.2 million Washington, D.C.: Thomas P. Joyce Jr. Danaher, $13 million Washington: Howard Schultz, Starbucks, $21.8 million (Schultz stepped down as CEO in April.) Wisconsin: Jeffery Yabuki, Fiserv, $21.2 million Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GM --- WMT --- DIS --- CHTR --- JNJ --- S&P 500 ---
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Orlando Traffic 70-year-old man dead after crashing in Wal-Mart parking lot, troopers say     Christal Hayes Contact Reporter Privacy Policy A 70-year-old Kissimmee man is dead after crashing into a tree Thursday afternoon in Osceola County, according to the Florida Highway Patrol. The man, whose name was not released, was driving about 4:40 p.m. in a Wal-Mart parking lot along Cypress Parkway near Poinciana when troopers say they believe he had a medical episode. He hit a curb and kept driving at a low speed, hitting a tree, highway patrol Sgt. Kim Montes said. He was taken to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead. Troopers are continuing to investigate the wreck. chayes@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5493 or Twitter: @journo_christal Caption Orlando International Airport authorities want to raise hourly and daily rates for parking garages. Orlando International Airport authorities want to raise hourly and daily rates for parking garages. Caption Orlando International Airport authorities want to raise hourly and daily rates for parking garages. Orlando International Airport authorities want to raise hourly and daily rates for parking garages. Caption Plans are in the works to extend state road 408 and insert toll lanes on state road 50, leading into east Orange County. Plans are in the works to extend state road 408 and insert toll lanes on state road 50, leading into east Orange County. Caption Emergency crews were called after a crate carrying watermelons fell onto Interstate 4 in downtown Orlando. Emergency crews were called after a crate carrying watermelons fell onto Interstate 4 in downtown Orlando. Caption Orlando airport's new train station will have to wait years for SunRail, Brightline and Maglev trains. Orlando airport's new train station will have to wait years for SunRail, Brightline and Maglev trains. Caption Just how Uber and Lyft changed the way people drive around Central Florida, a new online platform is changing how boaters navigate through local waters. Just how Uber and Lyft changed the way people drive around Central Florida, a new online platform is changing how boaters navigate through local waters. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Florida Highway Patrol Osceola County News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°
Radar Home Breaking News Featured Photos Viral Videos Kardashian Khronicles Reality TV Scandals Weird But True Ariana Grande Concert 7Strong Police Force Seen Guarding Ariana Grande's Manchester Benefit Concert24 mins ago - 7 photos Ariana Grande Livestreams Her Bombing Benefit Concert In Manchester5 hours ago 8Ariana Grande Spotted Back In The U.K. Ahead Of Manchester Benefit Concert2 days ago - 8 photos Ariana Grande Returns To Manchester With ‘Massive’ Security Team4 days ago Inside Ariana Grande's Benefit Concert For Manchester Terror Attack Victims5 days ago Jerry Lewis Hospitalized Ailing Actor & Comedian Jerry Lewis Hospitalized In Las Vegas6 hours ago Scott Disick 8Bella Thorne Flashes Nipples In See-Through Top Following Cannes Scandal2 hours ago - 8 photos 9Kourtney Kardashian Takes Her Kids To The Movies1 day ago - 9 photos 8Scott Disick Returns Back Home After Threatening Kourtney's New Boyfriend1 day ago - 8 photos 15Threesome? Shirtless Scott Disick & Pal Party Hard With Topless Woman In London2 days ago - 15 photos 10Out Of Control! Scott Threatens Kourtney's New Man In Furious Tirade5 days ago - 10 photos EMAIL US A TIP Search EMAIL US A TIP FacebookTwitter Name Email Phone Your Tip send Yes, please sign me up to receive The Daily Juice Privacy Policy send EXCLUSIVE Aaron Rodgers Still Dating ‘Baywatch’ Babe Kelly Rohrbach She's been linked to another man, but they are keeping things casual! By Radar Staff Posted on May 26, 2017 @ 6:54AM Aaron Rodgers and Baywatch actress Kelly Rohrbach are still going strong, RadarOnline.com has learned. The pair were first photographed together on April 28, golfing and holding hands in California. Only a few weeks after that, Rohrbach was linked to Walmart billionaire Steuart Walton. But an insider told Radar that Rodgers hasn’t been dumped. PHOTOS: JoJo Fletcher & New Fiancé Jordan Rodgers Make Their Debut On ‘GMA’ “He and Kelly have and continued to date,” an insider told Radar. “They are keeping things light, but are still seeing each other.” As Radar previously reported the avid golfers were spotted together back in February at the Pebble Beach Pro Am, before he and Olivia Munn were officially split. After Rodgers broke up with the actress in April, he and Rohrbach went public. PHOTOS: JoJo Fletcher’s Final Two Men Jordan Rodgers & Robby Hayes’ Darkest Secrets REVEALED Nevertheless, the source said Rodgers, 33, is still healing after his breakup from Munn, 36. “Olivia was just dragging him down like an anchor,” the source claimed, referencing reports that she was at the center of a feud with his estranged family. Now, “He is working on repairing his relationship with his family,” the source said. “Things are really looking up for him now.” Story developing. We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Share Aaron Rodgers Kelly Rohrbach Olivia Munn Comments 15 Hot Photos Very Important Photos: Here’s Who We Spotted Out And About In The Last 24 Hours Radar's Free Newsletter TheDailyJuice Thank you for subscribing! DBU Article © 2017 Radar Online, LLC Powered by BS AdvertisersPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Miracle Skin Cream Nets Biggest Deal in Shark Tank History Home | Politics Tags: Trump Administration | scarborough | GOP | lies Scarborough: GOP 'Going Straight to Hell Politically' Over 'Lies' (MSNBC/"Morning Joe") By Sandy Fitzgerald   |   Friday, 26 May 2017 07:19 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    MSNBC's "Morning Joe" host Joe Scarborough Friday declared his Republican Party is "going straight to hell politically" over the "lies" it has been telling concerning President Donald Trump's budget blueprint and the deep cuts it seeks. "Why do the Republicans keep looking in cameras and lying?" Scarborough, a former GOP congressman from Florida, said while discussing a Thursday argument on Capitol Hill between Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Office of Budget and Management Director Mick Mulvaney. "Who do they think is stupid enough that [they] can't read the numbers in The Wall Street Journal?" On Thursday, Sanders demanded to know why the Trump administration thinks the Walton family, owners of the WalMart empire, need a "$52 billion tax break" that it would receive through the repeal of the estate tax called for in the budget plan. "You're basing that assertion on the only tax deal we have in the budget," Mulvaney replied, asserting that "ordinary people are doing more." "Ordinary people don't have the wealth of $132 billion," Sanders told him. "You're not answering the question. Answer the question. The wealthiest family in America gets a $52 billion tax break as a result of the repeal of the estate tax. Tell the American people why you think that's good when you cut Medicaid and programs for kids." Mulvaney denied the cuts would be to Medicaid, but instead "we're talking about repealing Obamacare." He also disputed a Congressional Budget Office report that said that under the current version of the American Healthcare Act, 23 million people could lose their health insurance by 2026. Scarborough termed Mulvaney's claim on Medicaid, calling it a "certified lie." "You can debate the 23 million number, you really can," Scarborough said. "But $850 billion is real. Those are real cuts. Why does he keep lying?" Further, he slammed people calling the information "fake news." "You can't call this fake news if you're a conservative," he said. "It's very clear you're cutting $850 billion in Medicaid for the poorest of the poor. If you want to do it, embrace it. Don't lie about it. Stop lying about it. We know you're lying about it. We're not stupid, and you Republicans in the House have been lying non-stop about what you're not going to cut and who is not going to lose health coverage." Scarborough continued that lying is a core part of political culture, but that doesn't make it right. "I understand that [President] Donald Trump lies all the time," he said. "And you're thinking he got away with it, right, so you can get away with lying. You can't." He compared the lies to those told by former President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary. "Bill Clinton somehow survived being a liar and lying every day," said Scarborough. "Hillary couldn't. You can't. Stop with the coarsening of political culture." Republicans, he continued, have embraced the culture "where the truth means absolutely nothing. Conservative values mean absolutely nothing." He also complained that Republicans are following Trump even if it means turning the United States' back on its traditional allies. "Our traditional allies that have stood by us shoulder to shoulder, bleeding and dying, scaling the cliffs of Normandy to free a continent, that means nothing to these people," said Scarborough. "They will embrace Vladimir Putin and Russia if Donald Trump does. Again, I know Democrats don't like me saying this, but this guy was a Democrat his entire life until he discovered birtherism in 2011 . . .  "Why do you sell your soul, and not just your political soul, you are selling your soul if you just keep lying about things that you know are not true?" Related Stories: Scarborough: Trump Questions on Investigation Status 'Mind-Boggling' Scarborough Compares Trump Remarks to Someone With Dementia © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Politics MSNBC's "Morning Joe" host Joe Scarborough Friday declared his Republican Party is "going straight to hell politically" over the "lies" it has been telling concerning President Donald Trump's budget blueprint and the deep cuts it seeks. scarborough, GOP, lies 612 Friday, 26 May 2017 07:19 AM 2017-19-26 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Time Dwindling for Major Successes on GOP Legislative Agenda Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 14:42 PM President Donald Trump and his GOP allies on Capitol Hill have made it through nearly half their first year in power wit . . . CNN Host Calls Trump 'Piece of Sh-,' an 'Embarrassment' Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 14:01 PM CNN host Reza Aslan fired off a crude invective against President Donald Trump for responding to Saturday's truck-and-kn . . . Haley: US, UN Will Hold Russia Accountable When Necessary Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 12:58 PM The United States wants to try to cooperate with Russia on the Syrian conflict and counter-terrorism, but will call Mosc . . . More Most Commented Report: Van Hits Pedestrians at London Bridge Saturday, 03 Jun 2017 | 1186 comments Is Donald Trump looking any better to you globalists yet ????... Report: Trump Decides to Pull US Out of Paris Climate Deal Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 957 comments This decision is a good one for America. It might be the beginning of the... CNN: Trump Tells Congress He's Pulling Out of Paris Climate Accord Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 871 comments I see the leftists crying and saying the Paris Climate Agreement... CNN: Comey to Testify in Public That Trump Pressured Him to End Russia Probe Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 940 comments Except as political tools because that's all Comey is. A political hack.... Trump: 'Big Story' Is About 'Unmasking and Surveillance' Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 897 comments The American people are not stupid, and we are patiently waiting for the... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 79° Full Menu 79° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Photo from WPDE Photo from WPDE Local May 26, 2017 7:34 AM Multiple people injured in Conway-area crash By Elizabeth Townsend etownsend@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Four people were hurt in a crash on Church Street between Rivertown Boulevard and Cultra Road Friday morning, according to Battalion Chief John Fowler with Horry County Fire Rescue. The crash happened about 6:15 a.m. near the Wal-Mart super center, and Fowler said about four people were injured with one being airlifted to Grand Strand Medical Center. Horry County Fire Rescue responded to the scene and South Carolina Highway Patrol deputies are also at the crash site. Please check back for updates on this breaking news story. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 1:07 2 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.5 1:12 a day ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.4 1:31 2 days ago Miracle League hosts Baseball and Beyond event View More Video Local Myrtle Beach weather forecast for June 5 Police found them sleeping in a car at the landing. They also found a mobile meth lab They were waiting to begin work when a man ran up to them with a gun, they said Surveillance footage shows burglar sneaking in for lobsters and liquor Police investigating possible meth lab in car at landing Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Sites Heat Vision Live Feed Esq The Race Behind the Screen Bastard Machine Rambling Reporter The Fien Print Subscribe Newsletters Site Tools Login Daily Edition Exec Suite Reps INT'L Esq Real Estate How Radio Can Survive in an Era of Podcasts and Streamers 6:00 AM PDT 5/25/2017 by Paul Bond FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Daniel Boczarski/Getty Images With more people listening to internet music services, giants like iHeartRadio are scrambling to adapt and convert Wall Street skeptics. As iHeartMedia — parent of iHeartRadio, home to nearly 900 radio stations and a robust digital platform — tries to fend off bankruptcy, its troubles have trained a spotlight on the entire radio industry, which is struggling against competition from internet music services like Pandora and Spotify as well as burgeoning podcast networks. Five years ago, fewer than 5 million Americans paid for a streaming-music service, but in 2016 that number jumped to 22.6 million, according to the RIAA. And Edison Research says that a year ago a threshold was crossed when adults ages 18-to-24 said for the first time that they spend more time listening to streaming music than they do traditional radio. While incumbents like iHeartRadio, run by CEO Bob Pittman, and its chief rival Entercom Communications have embraced digital initiatives, so far Wall Street seems skeptical: Shares of iHeartMedia have fallen 21 percent since the company suggested April 21 that it might not survive another year unless it restructures its $20 billion debt. Entercom, which announced a merger with CBS Radio in February, has seen its stock price plunge 25 percent during the same time frame. Brian Wieser of Pivotal Research says it's not just changing audience tastes that are challenging the business models that built the two radio giants; he argues that because local businesses face fierce competition from nationwide chains like Walmart and e-commerce providers including Amazon.com, they aren't purchasing as many radio ads as they used to. "When shoppers were geographically constrained, it was good for the radio business," he says. It's one reason why satellite service SiriusXM Radio, which relies far more on subscription fees than ad sales for its revenue, has fared better than iHeartMedia and Entercom, its shares dropping only 3 percent since April 21. "Radio will still have a role for a while," says Wieser. "It just won't expand. There aren't a lot of good examples of media in secular decline suddenly growing again." Despite the negativity on Wall Street, the radio business overall is on a growth track, says PricewaterhouseCoopers, which predicts that sector revenue in the U.S. will rise from $21.8 billion in 2016 to $23.8 billion in 2020. Radio, in fact, remains the most popular medium in the U.S., with Nielsen estimating for the past several years that 91 percent of Americans older than 12 listen to an AM or FM station weekly. And while Wall Street has been punishing the giants lately, there is at least one small, niche radio company that is thriving: Salem Media Group, which specializes in Christian and conservative talk and is benefiting from a contentious political scene around President Trump. Salem shares are up 11 percent this year. Many of the problems plaguing iHeartMedia stem from a leveraged buyout in 2008, just before a market crash, which saddled the company with its massive debt (its latest deadline for restructuring its debt is May 26). This year, iHeartMedia's interest expense alone will hit about $1.7 billion, with another $417 million in debt due, and the sum of those two could exceed its earnings in 2017. It also owns 90 percent of billboard company Clear Channel Outdoor, which recently reported a quarterly loss amid an 8 percent decline in sales. But the situation is not all doom and gloom; iHeartMedia's latest earnings report May 4 marked its 16th consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth, including a 2.5 percent boost in U.S. ad sales. That's better than Discovery Communications, Viacom, CBS and Pandora. Consolidation also could help the fortunes of the radio industry. Pandora is for sale, and some investors are predicting that SiriusXM may want to purchase the digital-radio company, which sports a $2.2 billion market cap, 76.7 million listeners and 4.7 million paid subscribers. And even if iHeartMedia is unsuccessful in its bid to restructure its debt, the company isn't in danger of going away. It's just a matter of who will end up owning it if a bankruptcy were to occur, says Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. The company is showing progress at reinventing its business for the digital era: It has launched two subscription on-demand services, iHeartRadio Plus and iHeartRadio All Access, as well as a new app targeting kids ages 4-to-11. It also has created several live shows, including the iHeartRadio Music Festival, which is now in its sixth year. "If you take away the debt," says Dawson, "iHeartMedia is actually performing pretty well as a radio business; in fact, better than the rest of the industry because others haven't evolved as well as iHeartRadio has, with its apps, digital initiatives and live events. Only radio companies that reinvent themselves will survive." This story first appeared in the May 24 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Paul Bond [email protected] @thr Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 72° F Clear Hi: 90° F Lo: 69° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines New Texas GOP Chair wants party unity, eyeing another run in 2018 Updated: 10 mins ago Newly elected chair of the Republican Party of Texas James Dickey sat down with KXAN to explain his goals for the party. Challengers line up to take on Rep. Lamar Smith, who represents part of Austin Updated: 24 mins ago More than half a dozen Democrats have filed to run against a local Republican Congressman who has been in office for more than 30 years. VIDEO: Cedar Park Jewish congregation offers blessings for pets of all faiths 9:59 pm Officer raising money for Austin student re-learning how to walk Updated: 20 mins ago PHOTOS: Massive cloud formations as storms move through Central Texas 8:34 pm Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 72° F Clear Feels Like: 72° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 91% Dewpoint: 69° F Sunrise: 6:29 AM Sunset: 8:30 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Austin Events Calendar KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines A New Menu at an Austin Favorite Restaurant June 2, 2017 There are some new beginnings at one of Austin’s favorite restaurants. Music For a Good Cause That Will Cool Things Down June 1, 2017 All summer long KXAN is helping gather donations for Family Eldercare with The Summer Fan Drive. Interior Design That Combines All That is Great June 1, 2017 A Fun Summer Camp That’s No Joke June 1, 2017 Edible Cookie Dough – Need We Say More June 1, 2017 Search for: Search the site 72° F Clear Hi: 90° F Lo: 69° F Miss Black Texas 2016 says she was wrongfully arrested The Associated Press Published: May 26, 2017, 5:24 am Updated: May 26, 2017, 10:57 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Carmen Ponder, Miss Black Texas (Carmen Ponder headshot/Facebook) COMMERCE, Texas (AP) — An East Texas police chief is on leave pending investigation after he was accused of wrongfully arresting Miss Black Texas 2016. Carmen Ponder tells KXAS-TV that Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews had her arrested Saturday after a confrontation that led to him directing a racial and sexist slur at her. Ponder said she passed a truck and pulled into a Wal-Mart parking lot. The truck pulled up beside hers and the passenger, who she believes to have been Crews, said he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive. He berated Ponder for passing him, then called her a “black b—-” when she told him it was illegal. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Her attorney, Lee Merritt, said she entered the store and when she emerged, several officers in plain clothes confronted her and demanded that she apologize to the chief. When she refused, she was arrested for evading arrest, handcuffed and jailed for 24 hours. Crews declined to comment on the advice of his attorney. The city says a lot of the facts as described by Ponder and Crews don’t line up. NEW: Press release just issued by City of Commerce disputes Carmen Ponder's account of racially-charged exchange w/ police chief. @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/hs6D2v75K3 — Meredith Yeomans (@YeomansNBC5) May 25, 2017   Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Trump supporter’s confrontation with Muslim family at South Padre goes viral Mayor: ‘Heroes’ died protecting women from anti-Muslim rant Police chief gunned down on road rage call Sen. Cornyn met Justice Dept. officials Saturday to interview for FBI director Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Officer raising money for Austin student re-learning how to walk More on and off thunderstorms through Monday New Texas GOP Chair wants party unity, eyeing another run in 2018 Photo Galleries Two burglaries in 12 minutes in San Marcos VIDEO/PHOTOS: Severe storms across Central Texas give way to rainbows PHOTOS: Hail blankets parts of Austin-metro Thursday NWS: 6 tornadoes hit Canton area, including EF-4 PHOTOS: Whole Foods 365 in Cedar Park Mugshots: Teachers charged with inappropriate relationship with students PHOTOS: San Marcos streets, cars underwater PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News World Americas Miss Black Texas 2016 wants police chief fired over 'wrongful arrest' and 'racial slurs' Carmen Ponder calls for sacking of Kerry Crews after heated confrontation in which officer allegedly subjected her to verbal abuse Staff and agencies Friday 26 May 2017 08:04 BST Click to follow The Independent US Carmen Ponder Twitter An East Texas police chief is on leave pending investigation after he was accused of wrongfully arresting Miss Black Texas 2016. Carmen Ponder tells KXAS-TV that Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews had her arrested Saturday after a confrontation that led to him directing a racial and sexist slur at her. Ponder said she passed a truck and pulled into a Wal-Mart parking lot. The truck pulled up beside hers and the passenger, who she believes to have been Crews, said he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive. He berated Ponder for passing him, then called her a “black b—” when she told him it was illegal. Her attorney, Lee Merritt, said she entered the store and when she emerged, several officers in plain clothes confronted her and demanded that she apologise to the chief. When she refused, she was arrested for evading arrest, handcuffed and jailed for 24 hours. Crews declined to comment on the advice of his attorney. Copyright Associated Press More about: Texas Racial abuse arrest Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers GeekWire Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR AEG drops out of Key Arena renovation bid, criticizes city’s RFP process STEM students turn Trump’s climate decisions into national call to action Amazon shares close above $1K, market cap nears $500B; Bezos may pass Gates as world’s richest Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 28, 2017 SpaceX launches its first refurbished Dragon cargo ship to the space station Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Week in Geek: Amazon’s parachute plan, big hotels challenge Expedia, and AI in the NBA LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Nina, meet Alexa: Nuance brings its enterprise assistant to Amazon’s voice-integrated devices Mysterious Seattle digital marketing startup New Engen, led by former Zulily employees, raises $8M Startup Spotlight: Spotted Places maps out travel recommendations from friends GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle Sign of the times: ‘Twin Peaks’ is back, and so is iconic marker outside Washington town Geek of the Week: Shyam Gollakota of Jeeva Wireless and UW is a pioneer in preserving power Want to fill that Seattle job opening? Textio lists 2017’s best and worst words for your listing One-time high-flyer DataSphere sells assets to Sinclair Broadcasting and CoStar Nintendo Switch online service coming in 2018, with $20 annual membership cost Geared Up: Testing T-Mobile’s DIGITS and debating Comcast’s gigabit service French-Russian crew leaves space station while NASA crewmate stays behind LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Amazon patents shipping label with built-in parachute for dropping packages from drones Inside Sonos’ Seattle office, where the music is bumpin’ and the team is growin’ Donald Trump’s midnight tweet turns #covfefe into viral meme We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened Redfin takes #1 spot in GeekWire 200, topping DocuSign for first time Big demand, little supply: Seattle’s hot housing market gets hotter with highest price gains in U.S. BMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar Hotels try to divert business from Expedia and Priceline, as millennial travelers upend the industry When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Comcast rolls out gigabit internet in Seattle and other cities, at $160/month, or $110/month with 1-year contract CoreOS CEO: Amazon Web Services customers heading down a “very proprietary” path Sphere of influence: 46-story tower near Amazon campus will have domed top reminiscent of tech giant’s new landmark 30 years later, the legacy of ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ lives on Starbucks rolls its own coffee truck in front of Seattle HQ to replace store being remodeled Trending: I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Seattle shipping tech company ShipRush acquired for $14M by Canadian logistics software firm by Nat Levy on May 25, 2017 at 8:56 amMay 25, 2017 at 8:56 am Comments  1 Share  6 Tweet Share  287 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! ShipRush helps companies manage last mile shipping. (Bigstock Photo) Canadian logistics software company Descartes Systems Group has acquired ShipRush, a Seattle company that helps small and medium-sized companies and retailers manage their shipping operations. The purchase price is $14 million, with an additional $3 million in potential incentives. ShipRush is published by an entity called Z-Firm LLC, and it was founded by Rafael and Anya Zimberoff. ShipRush has 12 people based in Seattle, and it has been here since 1998. Shipping is a huge part of the business for retail giants like Amazon and Walmart, and that’s true of smaller companies as well. But unlike the big companies, which can take huge losses on shipping to gain customers, smaller retailers have to keep costs down, and that’s where ShipRush comes in. ShipRush helps businesses streamline their supply chain and reduce transportation costs by automatically importing orders, comparing carrier rates, printing shipping labels for all major carriers, and tracking through final delivery. ShipRush integrates with 60 major e-commerce, marketplace, payment and accounting sites, including Amazon, Big Commerce, eBay, Etsy, Magento, Intuit, Rakuten, Shopify and WooCommerce. Descartes, which is based outside of Toronto and has more than 1,200 employees, was interested in ShipRush because of its ability to save customers money by integrating e-commerce systems and shipping solutions and to help retailers wth last mile delivery. For ShipRush, the acquisition means its customers will have access logistics management, freight and international shipping options from Descartes. “By joining the Descartes community, ShipRush’s SMB customers will be able to expand the complexity and scope of their e-commerce operations using a single platform where their entire logistics network can exist, regardless of the range of transportation modes or the variety of trading partners in their supply chain,” ShipRush founder Rafael Zimberoff said in a statement. Z-Firm, the original company that made ShipRush, goes back to 1992. It started as a tech consulting firm, but switched its focus to shipping in the late 1990s. The first big break for ShipRush came in 2003, when Intuit started using ShipRush technology in QuickBooks. Nat Levy is a staff reporter at Geekwire covering a variety of technology topics, including Microsoft, Amazon, tech startups, and the intersection of technology with real estate, courts and government. Contact him at nat@geekwire.com and follow him on Twitter at @natjlevy. Comments 1 Share  6 Tweet Share  287 Reddit Email Previous StoryRed Hat bolsters its container pitch with Codenvy acquisition Next StoryAmazon exec running for Seattle school board, applying lessons learned from tech giant Filed Under: Tech  Tagged With: Descartes Systems Group • mergers and acquisitions • shipping • ShipRush • Z-Firm GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Enroute Systems acquired by Pitney Bowes in ‘positive’ exit for Seattle shipping logistics startup Meet Portland’s newest VC firm: Elevate Capital looks to invest in Oregon startups Exclusive: Apple acquires Turi in major exit for Seattle-based machine learning and AI startup The race for machine learning talent continues, as Apple acquires Madrona-backed Lattice Data Previous StoryRed Hat bolsters its container pitch with Codenvy acquisition Next StoryAmazon exec running for Seattle school board, applying lessons learned from tech giant Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle GeekWire Deals: Multitask like a pro with project-planning app Pagico Most Popular on GeekWire LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Solution Engineer/Data Integration EngineerLimeade Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp RecruiterMoz A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Today is Sunday June 04, 2017 KTBB Menu News Local State National World Business Political Health Show Biz Sports Weather Forecast Radar Weather Archives Sports Headlines Broadcast Schedule Scholastic All Stars Rangers Bus Trips Sitemap You Tell Me Texas Podcasts In Focus Contact Us Audio/Video    •    Listen Live Podcasts In Focus RSS Feeds Get the App! Audio Archives Special Coverage Rush Update Schedules    •    KTBB 92.1 The Team FM Deportes Sports Features    •    You Tell Me Texas Decision 2016 In Focus World Tour Find an Advertiser Scholastic All Stars Calendar of Events Trivia Quiz Lunch Break Contest Teacher of the Month Station Info    •    Logos Employment Privacy Policy Personalities Awards Sun Hours FAQ Media Kit    •    Contact Us    •    Contact Us Government Contacts Advertisers    •    Contest Rules Advertisement Advertisement Longview Woman Charged with Assault and Theft Posted/updated on: May 26, 2017 at 4:02 pm Print Friendly KILGORE – A Gregg County woman has been arrested for shoplifting at the Wal-Mart in Kilgore. She is also charged with assaulting the arresting officers. Arrested was Megan Elizabeth Curl, 19, of Longview. She has been charged with theft of property, resisting arrest/search/transport, five counts of assault of a public servant and five counts of harassment of a public servant. She is said to have spit on the officers and tried to injure a firefighter. Her bonds total $81,000. Go Back Longview Woman Charged with Assault and Theft Posted/updated on: May 26, 2017 at 4:02 pm Print Friendly KILGORE – A Gregg County woman has been arrested for shoplifting at the Wal-Mart in Kilgore. She is also charged with assaulting the arresting officers. Arrested was Megan Elizabeth Curl, 19, of Longview. She has been charged with theft of property, resisting arrest/search/transport, five counts of assault of a public servant and five counts of harassment of a public servant. She is said to have spit on the officers and tried to injure a firefighter. Her bonds total $81,000. Go Back Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement News • Weather • Media Kit • Advertisers • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Site Map © 1999 - 2017 Copyright Gleiser Communications, LLC Home | Contact Us | Employment | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Find an Advertiser Other stations in the Gleiser Communications family include: 92.1 The Team FM | KYZS 1490AM ESPN Deportes Hosted by
   Search  Newsletter menu Home NEWS Close National features Africa World Eish! Multimedia Close Business Close Business News Personal Finance My Small Business Analysis & Profiles Close SPORT Close Soccer Cricket Rugby Golf Other Columns Close PHAKAAATHI Close LOCAL NEWS international news EDITOR’S BLOG FAN ZONE African News PSL Mgosi African News Nedbank Cup Close YOUR LIFE Close Celebrities Fitness and Health – The Citizen shares health and fitness tips and news Food Entertainment Soapies Friday feeling Close MOTORING Close News Motor Sport NEW CAR PRICE GUIDE Close HORSES Close news Columns Close OPINION Close Columns Editorials Today’s cartoon Cartoons Talking Point Ghost Cartoonist Close Buy Close auctions classifieds buy in bulk Close Rewards Close Subscribers Competitions Close Business 26.5.2017 07:46 am Renewed hope for Edcon’s recovery plan Ray Mahlaka Edcon hires ex Massmart chief Grant Pattison as CEO. Ex Massmart chief Grant Pattison appointed as CEO, to assemble new board with retail experience. The appointment of former Massmart executive Grant Pattison to lead struggling retail group Edcon, which breaks the tradition of hiring foreign CEOs over the last ten years, is a new start for it to return to its bellwether status. Pattison, who was instrumental in the acquisition of general goods retailer Massmart by US retailer Wal-Mart in 2011, will replace outgoing CEO Bernie Brookes in February 2018. “Restoring Edcon to its former glory is a privilege and a challenge. I’m excited about the challenge of restoring it to being the best retailer in South Africa,” said Pattison. But the road to recovery is long for Edcon, which recently staved off bankruptcy after creditors took it over, resulting in the reduction of its smothering debt load from R26.7 billion to R7 billion. As part of the handover process, Pattison was appointed to a new board in April that is more au fait with the retail industry than corporate finance. He will initially join the company as a COO from June. Top of his priority list is reviving Edcon’s ailing CNA business and exploring opportunities in the rest of Africa. Brookes, who still speaks on strategy until Pattison is installed as CEO, said plans are afoot to consolidate brand product categories at CNA. “It was fiddling in too many categories such as digital, gifting, and electronics. CNA will be a stationary, gift seller and still continue with a limited range of books and magazines.” Africa opportunities will be explored once Edcon contains bleeding sales and market share loss to its agile local and international fashion retail competitors. “But first, we have to get the top line moving, which will be hard.” Edcon’s group retail sales decreased by 6.7% to R25.3 billion during the year-end March and comparative store sales (stripping effects from new store openings) sunk by 6.7%. Cash sales fell by 2.4% while credit sales fell by 13%. Brookes said Edcon’s sales would have improved if it had more merchandise after Black Friday discounts, the US retail phenomenon fervently embraced by South Africans on November 25, resulted in empty shelves and the move of Easter from March to April. These trends reflected in its adjusted Ebitda, which fell by a sizable 45% to R1.4 billion. “It’s an awful decline in Ebitda, which was due to the R300 million we’ve spent on clearing old merchandise and being competitive on price.” Radical changes are already taking place at Edcon since Brookes, who is the former chief of Australia’s largest department store Myer, took over from Jürgen Schreiber two years ago. To stabilise the business, Edcon sold its non-core assets, among them, ladies apparel brand Legit to private equity firm Metier for R637 million. Management has renegotiated with Absa to gain control of its store cards book. It now controls 80% of the book, which allows it to move quicker on granting credit to eligible consumers. After Absa bought Edcon’s store cards book for R10 billion in 2012, the bank subsequently tightened the credit taps to consumers. As a result, its book value dropped from R8 billion in 2012 to R330 million. The company will close underperforming stores over the next three years and scale back on new store openings. Retail space has grown by 6% to 8% over the last five years, which became inefficient from a cost saving perspective. The floor space of international brands including River Island, Tom Tailor, Lucky Brand, Vero Moda and others will be shut. Under Schreiber’s leadership, Edcon aggressively pushed international fashion brands into Edgars and others with standalone stores – an expensive exercise which flopped. Other turnaround initiatives include spending R1.4 billion on its ageing IT systems, spanning across the point of sale and merchandise management. The big question is what Brookes’ next move will be. The 57-year-old said he never planned to stay longer than two years as his mandate was to stabilise the retailer. “I will continue to support Edcon long after I leave. If I was younger, I would stay for another three to five years and see the business go through an IPO.”  Brought to you by Moneyweb. Related Stories As Discovery Bank looms, FNB launches ‘Fusion’ credit/cheque account 31.5.2017 New strategy pays off for Tiger Brands 25.5.2017 Source Africa a platform for African textiles, apparel and footwear 24.5.2017 To comment you need to be signed in to Facebook. Please do not comment by saying anything prejudiced. We reserve the right to remove offensive comments. JSE Currencies Commodities what's hot National What I did was not scriptural, ‘snake pastor’ tells TB Joshua National Malema on TB Joshua: It’s not for me to judge National Gupta emails ‘genuine’ – SACP National Karabo was ‘sacrificed’ in a ‘ritual killing’ – report Athletics Camille Herron, Bongmusa Mthembu win 2017 Comrades Marathon readers' choice National Karabo was ‘sacrificed’ in a ‘ritual killing’ – report Athletics Camille Herron, Bongmusa Mthembu win 2017 Comrades Marathon National ‘Absolutely giant storm’ set to hit Cape Town National Malema on TB Joshua: It’s not for me to judge National That time the EFF warned the ANC Zuma would ‘kill all of them’ poll poll 3 June Do you believe the #GuptaEmails are authentic? Yes, completely Mostly, yes, though some of them may have been 'doctored' No, it's all made up and propaganda against Zuma today in print menu Contact us About us Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Advertising Rate Card News menu National Africa World Load Shedding Eish! Opinion menu Columns Editorials Cartoons Talking Point Sport menu Columns Cricket Other Rugby Soccer Golf Horses menu Columnists Racing News Your life menu Celebrities Food style Entertainment Soapies Motoring menu Motoring News features Motorsport new price guide top tips Other menu Auctions buy in bulk Classifieds Competitions Connect About us Code of Conduct Contact us Privacy Policy Jobs at The Citizen Advertising Rate Card News Business Sport Phakaaathi Opinion Motoring Your life Horses Multimedia   The Citizen. All rights reserved.
News Sports Living Classifieds 73° Full Menu 73° Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Blues Colleges High Schools Recruiting High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Homes Local Homes for Sale Legals Place Ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 4:57 Belleville City Clerk Dallas Cook discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election Pause 4:35 Belleville Mayor Mark Eckert discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election 1:54 Belleville residents discuss whether they feel safe in the city 1:41 Fischer's Restaurant general manager talks about decision to close 1:44 Belleville City Clerk Dallas Cook removed from electoral board 0:47 Burger King plans July 2017 opening for new Belleville location 1:12 Scenes from the Gingerbread 5k run/walk in Belleville 1:02 Old Salt Union performs in Belleville 1:29 St. John Bosco Children's Center expands to help more abused or neglected kids 2:03 Former Meredith Home to get new $121,000 roof Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Construction on the proposed Walmart Supercenter in west Belleville may begin early next year. The work could take 12 months and the store could open in 2019. mkoziatek@bnd.com Construction on the proposed Walmart Supercenter in west Belleville may begin early next year. The work could take 12 months and the store could open in 2019. mkoziatek@bnd.com Belleville May 25, 2017 8:25 PM Walmart planned for west Belleville might not open until 2019 By Mike Koziatek mkoziatek@bnd.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Construction on the proposed 24-hour Walmart Supercenter in west Belleville could begin in early 2018 and last about a year, meaning the store likely would not be open until 2019. But the start of construction could change based on the length of the permitting process, which is now ongoing for the site at the intersection of South 74th Street and Illinois 15, according to a project manager. On Thursday night, the Belleville Zoning Board of Appeals unanimously approved five requests from Walmart, including one for a liquor permit. The board is tasked with giving a recommendation to the City Council, which has the final decision on whether to approve the requests. Aldermen will hear the Walmart requests June 5. The site is already zoned commercial, but the zoning board is still required to hear variance requests. Here’s a rundown of the other variances approved by the zoning panel: ▪  Walmart plans to have a 10-foot fence around the bale and pallet enclosure and the trash compactor enclosure. City code limits fences to 7 feet high. ▪  The store wants the parking lot aisles to be 24 feet wide instead of the 25 feet required by code. Parking lot spaces will be 19 feet long. ▪  Walmart is asking that the combined square footage of eight various signs on the property facing Illinois 15 be allowed to have a total of 638 square feet, which would be 338 square feet over the “cap” required by code. Rick Rohlfing, a project manager with BFA Engineering in Washington, Mo., told the zoning board that the store will have a place for shoppers to drive up and have someone load the groceries they ordered online. Walmart also plans to build a gas station at the front of the parking lot. “We’ve been working on this project for quite some time now,” Rohlfing told the panel. He said one of the challenges for the project is that the site is undermined. Research is ongoing as to how to mitigate the undermining. The Walmart Supercenter on the east side of Belleville was built on a site that was undermined, but the old coal mines were filled before the store off Carlyle Avenue opened about 10 years ago. Shoppers will enter the west Belleville store off South 74th Street. Direct access from Illinois 15 will not be allowed. No one from the public spoke against the Walmart requests. Also, Walmart has not asked for tax incentives from Belleville for this store, although the city granted tax incentives for the Green Mount Commons shopping center that includes Walmart. Mike Koziatek: 618-239-2502, @MikeKoziatekBND A Walmart Supercenter is planned for the intersection of South 74th Street and Illinois 15 in west Belleville. The 24-hour store may open in 2019. File photo LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 4:57 Belleville City Clerk Dallas Cook discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election Pause 4:35 Belleville Mayor Mark Eckert discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election 1:54 Belleville residents discuss whether they feel safe in the city 1:41 Fischer's Restaurant general manager talks about decision to close 1:44 Belleville City Clerk Dallas Cook removed from electoral board 0:47 Burger King plans July 2017 opening for new Belleville location 1:12 Scenes from the Gingerbread 5k run/walk in Belleville 1:02 Old Salt Union performs in Belleville 1:29 St. John Bosco Children's Center expands to help more abused or neglected kids 2:03 Former Meredith Home to get new $121,000 roof Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago Belleville City Clerk Dallas Cook discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election 4:57 2 months ago Belleville City Clerk Dallas Cook discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election 4:35 2 months ago Belleville Mayor Mark Eckert discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election 1:54 2 months ago Belleville residents discuss whether they feel safe in the city View More Video Belleville Hofbräuhaus developers do not have completion date to announce Walmart seeks permit to sell liquor in new Belleville store Live in Belleville Ward 3? There’s a town hall meeting for you Belleville officially takes over township’s duties Belleville Township’s hours of existence dwindle as city prepares to take over Belleville Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Washington Free Beacon National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Store London Attackers Kill Seven, PM May Says ‘Enough is Enough’ Maher ‘Very Sorry’ for Using Racial Epithet on Show, HBO Calls It ‘Inexcusable’ London Attackers Kill Seven, PM May Says ‘Enough Is Enough’ Sanders, Mulvaney Have Heated Exchange Over Trump Budget Share Tweet Email BY: Charles Fain Lehman Follow @CharlesFLehman May 25, 2017 3:08 pm Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) and Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney on Thursday found themselves in a heated clash over the White House's budget proposal. The two interrupted each other and raised their voices during a Senate Budget Committee hearing, the Hill reports. Sanders initially focused on the budget's repeal of the estate tax, which he claimed would give massive tax breaks to the nation's wealthy, estimating the Trump family would save $4 billion and the Walton family of Wal-Mart would save $52 billion. Sanders contrasted this tax break with those who would lose federal food and welfare subsidies under the budget. Sanders also objected to Republican attacks on Republican-appointed Congressional Budget Office Director Keith Hall. Mulvaney started to respond to Sanders's concerns about Hall, but the Vermont Senator cut him off. "Your opinion is that the results are terrible, I’m suggesting that it was a member of the Trump administration who appointed this gentleman," Sanders said. "So we can agree that the CBO puts out bad data," Mulvaney said. "No, we can’t. We can agree that you guys are beating up on a man you appointed because you don’t like his results," Sanders said. The two fought over federal funding for the Meals on Wheels program, before returning to Sanders's central concern: the claimed $52 billion tax break for the ultra-wealthy Walton family. Mulvaney attempted to respond that the tax repeal was part of the overall replacement of ObamaCare. But Sanders wasn't satisfied. "Ordinary people are paying more," Mulvaney said. "No, ordinary people don’t have $128 billion," Sanders interjected. "You’re not answering the question. Answer the question!" At this point, concerns over healthcare arose. "We don’t cut Medicaid. We’re talking about ObamaCare repeal," Mulvaney said. "Which throws 23 million people off health insurance!" Sanders said. "We’re talking about a CBO number that I think you just agreed could be wrong," Mulvaney said. Sanders denied that he had agreed. In the end, the back-and-forth was ended by the expiration of Sanders's time. Before the clock was up, the two agreed on at least one thing: everyone will die eventually. This entry was posted in Issues and tagged Bernie Sanders, Federal Budget, Mick Mulvaney. Bookmark the permalink. Share Tweet Email Charles Fain Lehman   Email Charles | Full Bio | RSS Charles Fain Lehman is a media analyst with the Washington Free Beacon. Originally hailing from Pittsburgh, PA, he graduated from Yale in 2016. Before coming to the Free Beacon, Charles spent the 2016 election cycle as a House Research Analyst with America Rising. Follow @CharlesFLehman × THE MORNING BEACON DAILY NEWSLETTER MAKES IT EASIER TO STAY INFORMED Get the news that matters most to you, delivered straight to your inbox daily. Register today! Grow your email list exponentially Dramatically increase your conversion rates Engage more with your audience Boost your current and future profits Today’s STORIES Marine Vet and Doctor Fight Assisted Suicide in Nevada Opponent Ties Democrat Joe Manchin to Growing Mylan Pharmaceutical Scandal   Obamacare Insurer Participation Declines 24 Percent in 2017 Moral Hazards UK Police Rush to Three Attacks in Central London, at Least One Dead Feds Spending $75,000 on ‘Women in STEM Roadshow’ Illinois Dem Gov Candidate Who Sought Office from Blagojevich is Major Clinton Funder Thoroughly Modern Coolidge Conservatives Target Musk Tax Subsidies as ‘Low-hanging Fruit’ House Subpoenas Elevate Probe Into Improper Intelligence Surveillance Report: Education Dept. Official Received Secret Bonuses Despite Losing Billions to Fraud, Corruption House Foreign Affairs Chairman Asks State Department to Reject $1.2 Million Arms Sale to Erdogan Bodyguards Over DC Assault Washington Free Beacon About Us Masthead Terms of Use Privacy Policy Topics Editor’s Blog ©2017 All Rights Reserved | Site Map × THE MORNING BEACON: THE ONLY DAILY NEWSLETTER YOU NEED The Washington Free Beacon's morning email lays out everything you need to know about the world of politics, foreign affairs, and national security. Get the news that matters to you, delivered straight to your inbox daily. Register today!
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz Trump may not try to block Comey testimony California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Mexico ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Cosby's image as father, family man on the line at sex trial Quick count gives lead to ruling party in key Mexico State 4 nations cut diplomatic ties to Qatar as Gulf rift deepens Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/watch-jordan-peele-do-the-get-out-challenge-video/ Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) "Get Out' creator participates in social media craze Brian Flood and Rasha Ali, provided by Published 2:27 pm, Saturday, May 27, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Filmmaker Jordan Peele made a surprising entrance on Friday night’s “The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon” by doing the “Get Out” challenge. Peele, who wrote, directed and produced the runaway hit film “Get Out,” ran out onto the stage, directly into the camera, then beelining it to stage right. “That’s the first time I’ve done the ‘Get Out’ challenge,” Peele said, casually taking a seat next to Fallon. Fallon called it a a “nice little Easter egg.” “That’s the first time I’ve done the ‘Get Out’ challenge,” Peele said. Latest entertainment videos Also Read: 'Get Out': Watch Jordan Peele's Much Darker Alternate Ending (Video) The Get Out Challenge is a social media craze that was influenced by a very particular scene in the movie. It’s pretty simple, too. So, remember near the beginning of the film when Chris steps out in the middle of the night for a smoke and encounters Walter running full speed at him before making a quick turn? That’s, basically, what the Get Out Challenge involves. Someone runs like Walter towards the camera — or the person filming — before swiftly changing course for whatever reason. Also Read: 'Black Panther' Cast Does #GetOutChallenge, Scare the Crap Out of Daniel Kaluuya (Video) People have gotten creative with their Walter impersonations, with some doing it in Walmart aisles, their school halls and even adding funny storylines. “Get Out” is about interracial couple Rose (Allison Williams) and Chris (Daniel Kaluuya), who reach a meet-the-parents stage in their relationship, leaving their metropolis for a country gathering hosted by mom (Catherine Keener) and dad (Bradley Whitford). Check out the video above. Read original story Watch Jordan Peele Do the ‘Get Out’ Challenge (Video) At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 LeBron has a monster game in losing effort Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Trump plays golf with Manning, angering some on Twitter Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Famous Bay Area authors' must-read books and lesser-known gems Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Most Popular 1 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 2 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 3 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 4 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 5 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 6 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Celebrities want to see the Golden State Warriors any way they... 9 With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win 10 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Trump plays golf with Manning, angering some on Twitter Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Clusterfest 2017 takes over San Francisco View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings More Headlines Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles More Headlines Bridgeway, Winthrop emerge to take high seeds as baseball playoffs near Even at 87, John Neff is one of the Maine Appalachian Trail Club’s most dedicated volunteers More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Fully funding education is basis of state budget deal More Headlines Jim Fossel: Trump’s pretty good trip abroad Alan Caron: Now more than ever, Democrats should rally behind Angus King More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Lakewood Continuing Care welcomes certified nurses’ aide graduates More Headlines Central Maine business briefs Windsor student recognized as Promising Young Writer More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines Add flower power to your plate with hostas TRAVELIN’ MAINE(RS): Ogunquit More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate 6 Kennison St., Manchester More Headlines ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers Make your back yard an oasis this summer More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   News Posted May 27 increase font size Morning Sentinel May 27 police log Waterville area police reports for May 27, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN CANAAN, Friday at 12:23 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Strickland Road. 3:18 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Park Drive. 4:40 p.m., trespassing was reported on Hartland Road. IN CHESTERVILLE, Friday at 12:55 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Zions Hill Road. Saturday at 7:37 a.m., trees were reported down on Pope Road. IN CLINTON, Friday at 4:48 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Lindseys Way. 7:58 p.m., a drug offense was reported on Hill Road. 4:48 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Lindseys Way. IN DETROIT, Friday at 1:08 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on North Road. IN FAIRFIELD, Friday at noon, suspicious activity was reported on Norridgewock Road. 3 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Back Road. 10:04 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Skowhegan Road. IN FARMINGTON, Friday at 12:04 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Farmington Falls Road. IN INDUSTRY, Friday at 12:53 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Church Street. IN JAY, Friday at 8:05 a.m., trees were reported down on Franklin Road. IN MADISON, Saturday at 12:02 a.m., a complaint about shots being fired was taken on Weston Avenue. IN MERCER, Saturday at 7:09 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Rome Road. IN MOUNT VERNON, Friday at 5:58 p.m., an odor investigation was conducted on Main Street. IN NEWPORT, Friday at 2:38 p.m., threatening was reported on Shaw Street. IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Friday at 7:42 p.m., a scam was reported on Mercer Road. 9:47 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Ferry Road. Saturday at 7:48 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Mercer Road. IN OAKLAND, Friday at 9:15 a.m., sex offenses were reported on Fairfield Street. 2:59 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported on Sawtelle Road. 4:46 p.m., theft was reported on High Street. IN PITTSFIELD, Friday at 1:43 p.m., mischief was reported on Webb Road. IN SKOWHEGAN, Friday at 2:38 p.m., a scam was reported on Harveys Park. 9:10 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on West Front Street. 11:07 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Waterville Road. Saturday at 4:14 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Canaan Road. IN SOLON, Friday at 11:29 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Ferry Street. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 11:42 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Swan Street. 12:52 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 1:01 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Gold Street. 1:54 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Edwards and Ticonic streets. 1:57 p.m., theft was reported at The Big Apple store on Main Street. 5:55 p.m., theft was reported on Chaplin Street. 7:45 p.m., an unwanted person was reported on Veteran Court. 9:14 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported on College Avenue. 10 p.m., a protection order violation was reported on Elm Street. 11:06 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Water Street. IN WILTON, Friday at 3:32 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Pratt Road. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 3:06 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Bellevue Street. 3:50 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Bassett Road. 4:23 p.m., harassing calls were reported on Whitefish Road. 9:11 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on China Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Friday, Jennifer Malohisky, 32, of Rangeley, was arrested on a warrant. Arnold Merrow, 61, of Livermore, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle after suspension and operating under the influence Saturday, Jesse Robbins, 29, of Kingfield, was arrested on a warrant. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Friday at 12:41 p.m., Elizabeth D. Berry, 36, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. 5:27 p.m., Danielle M. Knight, 27, of Troy, was arrested on probation hold. 5:31 p.m., Wade Allen Washburn, 48, of Hartland, was arrested on probation hold. 5:34 p.m., Chadwick Wilson Bragg, 23, of Dixmont, was arrested on two warrants for failure to appear. 7:32 p.m., James David Homan, 51, of Attleboro, Massachusetts, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. 9:53 p.m., Page Steven Antone, 47, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a charge of domestic violence assault. Saturday at 5:32 a.m., Rose Marie Horan, 35, of Skowhegan, was arrested on charges of possession of a schedule W drug, drug paraphernalia, and 11 or more hypodermic needles, as well as violating conditions of release. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 11:59 p.m., Jessica Lea Prejs, 21, of Waterville, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle while under the influence of alcohol. SUMMONSES IN FAIRFIELD, Thursday at 7:35 p.m., Justice R. Ripley, 27, of Sidney, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle without a license. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 12:52 p.m., Mark Farino, 47, of Canaan, was summoned on a charge of shoplifting. 7:24 p.m., Brody A. Dunn, 27, of Waterville, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle with an expired license. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 12:19 p.m., Peter Aldis Laplant, 40, of Ellsworth, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle with an expired license. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Protesters face off in Oregon in wake of anti-Muslim tirade that led to 2 killings Islamic State group claims responsibility for deadly London attack Jimmie Johnson extends Dover track record with 11th victory Benintendi belts 2 homers to power Sox past Orioles Pending budget, Maine attorneys are defending the poor for free Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs One person dies after Kennedy Memorial Drive crash that sent three to hospital Skowhegan police investigating discovery of body in woods Woman killed, 2 others severely injured in crash on Route 27 in Dresden Police identify man who died in Oakland crash Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle  Hustle  ComplexCon More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life 2 Fatally Stabbed After Attempting to Stop Man's Anti-Muslim Rant on Portland Train Share Tweet Video via Complex News 2 Fatally Stabbed After Attempting to Stop Man's Anti-Muslim Rant on Portland Train By Omar Burgess May 27, 2017 Share Tweet Jeremy Joseph Christian has been arrested on charges of suspicion of aggravated murder and attempted murder for his alleged involvement in fatally stabbing two men who attempted to stop him from screaming anti-Muslim comments at fellow passengers on Portland’s MAX light rail train.  The incident happened Friday at approximately 4:30 p.m. near Portland’s Hollywood District. According to authorities, Christian began yelling ethnic and religious slurs at two women—one of which was wearing a traditional Muslim hijab head covering. “In the midst of his ranting and raving, some people approached [Christian] and appeared to try to intervene with his behavior and some of the people that he was yelling at,” Portland police spokesman Pete Simpson said during a news conference, which you can see below courtesy of The Oregonian. “They were attacked viciously by the suspect.” According to a report by the Willamette Week, both victims sustained injuries to the throat. One eyewitness said Christian told the women, “Get off the bus, and get out of the country because you don’t pay taxes here.” The women are believed to have left the scene without sustaining any injuries. The killings are the latest in a series of xenophobic standoffs that have recently gone viral. An Arkansas woman was banned from Walmart stores after her racist rant calling one fellow shopper a racial slur and yelling for another to “go back to Mexico” went viral earlier this week. A similar incident was filmed in Reno, Nevada, as a man directed racist remarks at another man for speaking Spanish to his mother while on the phone. In November of 2016, the Pew Research Center released data concluding anti-Muslim assaults reached its highest levels since September 11, 2001. In the following months, President Trump reiterated a campaign promise to build a $10 billion wall dividing the U.S. and Mexico in efforts he and his administration believed would quell illegal immigration. Thursday, a federal appeals court rejected a revised version of Trump’s travel ban, which called to severely limit travel to the United States from six primarily Muslim nations. Critics have pointed to a direct link between post-election violence, xenophobic attitudes, and Trump’s stance on the proposed border wall and travel ban, while citing Trump’s perceived inaction on denouncing such behavior. "Our thoughts are with the Muslim community," Simpson said. "As something like this happens, this only instills fear in that community. We have already reached out previous to this incident to our Muslim community partners and the different imams about extra patrol during Ramadan. We want to reassure them that that will continue." Show Video Transcript Transcript For Complex News, I'm Hanuman Welch. Two men were stabbed to death Friday on a light-rail train in Portland, Oregon, after they tried to intervene as a man yelled hate speech at two women who appeared to be Muslim, according to Police.  Jeremy Joseph Christian has been arrested on charges of suspicion of aggravated murder and attempted murder for his alleged involvement in fatally stabbing two men who attempted to stop him from screaming anti-Muslim comments at fellow passengers on Portland’s MAX light rail train According to Portland police spokesman Pete Simpson,  “In the midst of his ranting and raving, some people approached [Christian] and appeared to try to intervene with his behavior and some of the people that he was yelling at. They were attacked viciously by the suspect.” A third passenger who tried to intervene was also stabbed but is expected to survive. Christian was a known white supremacist who had previously shown up to extreme-right marches and performed Nazi salutes.  His posts on Facebook, were often violently Islamophobic and anti-Semitic. Christian has a long criminal record.  In 2002, he pled guilty and was sent to prison for robbery, kidnapping, and possession of a dangerous weapon. In 2010, he was accused of theft and being a felon in possession of a firearm. That case was later dismissed. Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler released a statement on Facebook reading,  Two men lost their lives and another was injured for doing the right thing, standing up for people they didn't know against hatred. Their actions were brave and selfless, and should serve as an example and inspiration to us all. They are heroes.  There is too much hatred in our world right now, and far too much violence. Too much of it has arrived here in Portland.  My heart goes out to the families of those who lost their lives, and to those who witnessed what happened. Thank you to our first responders, who provided aid, and police who captured the suspected killer.  Now is the time, we must come together as a community and love one another. We must reject hatred and violence. We must seek justice. That's all for now, we'll have more on this story as it develops, for everything else subscribe to Complex on Youtube, for Complex News, I'm Hanuman Welch. Tags: News, Videos, Portland, Complex Video, Muslim, Muslim Ban  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Life Vladimir Putin Says the U.S. Meddles in Elections From All Over the World on ‘Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly’ By Jose Martinez 1 hour ago Life Reporter Gets Roasted on Twitter for Accusing Rep. Maxine Waters of 'Shoving' Him By Kyle Neubeck 3 hours ago Life London Mayor Sadiq Khan Says He Has 'More Important Things to Do' Than Listen to Donald Trump By Kyle Neubeck 5 hours ago Life Mexican Lawyer Trademarks Trump-Branded Toilet Paper By Omar Burgess 7 hours ago Music Biographer Claims Saddam Hussein was a Mary J. Blige Fan By Omar Burgess 9 hours ago Life 7 Dead in London Bridge Incident; Police Gun Down 3 Suspected Attackers (UPDATE) By Kyle Neubeck Jun 3, 2017 Music Why Rich Homie Quan's Possible 30-Year Sentence Isn't Uncommon By Shawn Setaro Jun 3, 2017 Life Papa John's Employees in Washington Arrested for Selling Cocaine By Jose Martinez Jun 3, 2017 Life Drug Dealer Shows Off Money on Facebook Live Seconds Before His Trap House Gets Raided By Gavin Evans Jun 2, 2017 Life Silicon Valley Exec Faces Backlash After Appearing to Yell at Rihanna in Last Night's NBA Finals Game By Trace Cowen Jun 2, 2017 More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Weather subscribe Site Site Archive 'From the flying to the crawling:' Fin N Fur II offers one-stop pet shopping (with photo gallery) Saturday May 27, 2017 at 12:01 AM Jessica Weston City Editor Jessica_Weston9 Fin N Fur II is definitely a kid-friendly pet store. This point was made obvious during the store's grand opening Friday. Young people filled the store, checking out the animals and having their faces painted at a special station in the corner. Supervised by adults, they stared at scorpions and held guinea pigs. Some of the braver ones handled snakes, while everyone seemed to want to pet the adorable Netherland Dwarf rabbits. Also on sale were scorpions, tarantulas, geckos, lizards, turtles and even hermit crabs. “We sell everything from the flying to the crawling,” said owner Kindi Wheeler with a laugh. The store also carries birds, according to the other half of the ownership pair, Kindi's husband Paul Wheeler. “I love birds,” he said, adding that the store carries lovebirds, Parakeets, Conures (a type of small parrot) and Cockatiels. “One of the things we are most proud of is hand-feeding the birds that we sell, with the exception of the Parakeets,” he explained. “The Cockatiels and Conures are all hand-fed, they are used to people, they want to be on your shoulder. They want affection from you.” Also available in abundance are fish. This makes sense, given the pair got their start with a backyard Koi pond business years ago. “About 15 years ago, we had a pond business in our backyard,” Paul Wheeler said. “We sold lots of pond supplies and lots of Koi fish and we really enjoyed it.” “It started with fish,” he said. “We know fish, it's what we know best,” Kindi Wheeler added. “It is a passion for both of us." When that business closed, they eventually decided to open Fin N Fur II. “We always wanted to have a little fish store,” he said. The purchase of some fish tanks when the old Walmart closed led to an expanded vision and Fin N Fur II was born. “It blossomed into this,” Paul Wheeler said. He added with a laugh that Kindi knows more about pets than he does. “My wife is much more knowledgeable than I am. So I am nice to people and I ask her questions,” he said with a laugh. “Growing up I always had pets,” Kindi Wheeler agreed. “My father would bring home raccoons! He taught us a lot when we were kids about all our animals.” As luck would have it, customer Kelly Wilson walked up during this part of the conversation. Wilson said she purchased Koi pond supplies from the couple at their former business and was shopping Friday for water lilies for her pond. She spoke enthusiastically about the pond, which she described as a oasis of peace and tranquility for her. The store held a soft opening a couple of months back, and the owners have already gained a reputation for wanting to help customers be good, responsible pet owners. They walk potential pet owners through  the process and make sure they are ready to take on the responsibility. They have even been known to discourage ownership of certain pets, if they feel the new animal would not fit in with the pre-existing household. The Netherland Dwarf rabbits for example are completely house trainable. A free-roaming rabbit, however, is obviously a no-no in a house with a cat. Not all pets fit in with all families, Paul Wheeler said. When the Wheelers set a family up with a pet, they make sure they are ready to go when they leave the store. “We want them to have everything they need,” Paul Wheeler said. “And be educated, making sure it’s going to fit in with your home and with your family,” Kindi Wheeler added. “If you don't have a cage, we will set that cage up for you. From the bedding to the food, before you leave, we will make sure you understand how to care for the pet.” One thing you won't find at Fin N Fur II is cats and dogs. “We don't do anything dog and cat,” said Kindi Wheeler. “We specialize more in exotic pets.” Fin N Fur II is open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday through Friday. Saturday the store closes at 5 p.m. Check the store for new pets Wednesdays. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile E-Edition RSS Feeds Contact Us Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special Sections 2017 Memorial Day 2017 Salute Nurses 2017 Create An Ad The Presidency Apr 2017 East Kern 2017 Lifestyles 2017 Bracket Buster 2017 Home Show 2017 Medical How to 2017 How To Guide 2017 IWVEOC Program 2017 Baby Keepsake 2017 More Grads 2017 Grad Keepsake Jan 2017 East Kern Pearl Harbor Tab Pearl Harbor - Local Small Business Sat Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV RACVB Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 HD Med Directory More Photos Videos Weather Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT US News All US News U.S. State News Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › US News › Barack Obama charms golfing crowds du... Barack Obama charms golfing crowds during round at St Andrews There are 21 comments on the Braintree and Witham Times story from Friday May 26, titled Barack Obama charms golfing crowds during round at St Andrews. In it, Braintree and Witham Times reports that: Former US president Barack Obama has teed off his first visit to Scotland with a round of golf in St Andrews. He is expected to speak to business leaders in Edinburgh later on Friday when he gives a speech for The Hunter Foundation. Join the discussion below, or Read more at Braintree and Witham Times. Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments 1 - 20 of 21 Comments Last updated Sunday May 28 First Prev of 2 Next Last CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #1 Friday May 26 Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Judged: 3 3 3 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Boorish Businessman Beverly, MA #2 Friday May 26 CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Jealous Much? You can be sure that when Trump is done being president, he will not get a warm welcome from Europe. He will have to travel to the Philippines where he and Duarte can Enjoy some locker room talk. Judged: 2 2 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! spocko Oakland, CA #3 Friday May 26 CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. Oh yes our village idiot made out of his cage just in time to add his daily super stupid comment :-/ Judged: 1 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! anonymous New York, NY #4 Friday May 26 This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Red Crosse Wilmington, IL #5 Friday May 26 No, no. We need to know where this guy is at all times. He is so sneaky. Keep him golfing. Judged: 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #6 Friday May 26 CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. And Obama, as he leisurely cruise's the globe still doesn't get as many tees in as Loser Donald Trump has in less than 125 days. Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #7 Friday May 26 anonymous wrote: This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Carrier Air Conditioning announced the coming Layoffs of 600 at the Indiana plan Mike Pence committed $7 million dollars in state tax cuts to for retraining 700 manufacturering jobs there in Indiana That's at the factor used as the Donald Trump Pony Show during his campaign Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! RustyS Since: Mar 09 11,314 The Left Coast Please wait... #8 Friday May 26 He's like a rock star, well a rap star anyway. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Lawrence Wolf “Happiness comes through giving” Since: Feb 08 77,629 Location hidden Please wait... #9 Friday May 26 anonymous wrote: This really isn't national news. Tell us about the jobs. Well, I was one of eight boys. Pappy took us west in '88, where I found work as an outlaw. Like I told the judge, that feller never should have dealt that fifth ace. Now where's that dang spittoon? Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! American_Infidel “DONT BELIEVE FAKE RUSSIA” Since: Mar 09 31,084 CONSPIRACIES BY FAKE NEWS! Please wait... #10 Friday May 26 He should be good at it... he's had 8 years of practice at the most expensive golf courses on the taxpayer's dime Judged: 1 1 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! a_visitor Reading, PA #11 Friday May 26 CodeTalker wrote: Ah yes, back to his old tricks. Vacation vacation vacation. Then speech speech speech. All polititians take vacations on the tax dollars dime. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Cordwainer Trout Sonora, KY #12 Friday May 26 He'll self-destruct worse than as a President. He might follow in his son's footsteps by stalking and attacking a community watch fellow, or he might prance around a Walmart with a realistic AK47 BB gun challenging all the White people to call the Man. Whatever he chooses, a squealing feminine high kick won's save him from the inevitable. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #13 Saturday May 27 Boorish Businessman wrote: <quoted text> Jealous Much? You can be sure that when Trump is done being president, he will not get a warm welcome from Europe. He will have to travel to the Philippines where he and Duarte can Enjoy some locker room talk. Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #14 Saturday May 27 CodeTalker wrote: <quoted text>Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #15 Saturday May 27 CodeTalker wrote: <quoted text>Warm welcome, you mean from children and teenagers. What a hoot you are. Notice the close panning of the photos where you could not see the crowd size. Typical of Barry and Hillary. If the Germany and Belgium receptions aren't enough evidence, have Loser Donald Trump stop over in Ireland where Barack Obama is this morning playing a round of golf and chance allowing the Irish to determine who is more popular and welcomed. Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Retribution Philadelphia, PA #16 Saturday May 27 American_Infidel wrote: He should be good at it... he's had 8 years of practice at the most expensive golf courses on the taxpayer's dime In 8 years Obama's golf expenses pale in comparison to the first 100 days of Trump's golf excursions on the public's dime. Judged: 1 Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #19 Saturday May 27 Retribution wrote: <quoted text> You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost More children turnip. I'll send the truck around to pick you up again. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #20 Saturday May 27 Retribution wrote: <quoted text> In 8 years Obama's golf expenses pale in comparison to the first 100 days of Trump's golf excursions on the public's dime. Another lie you can not prove. Next. Cue name change. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! CodeTalker “Watching The Children Rant” Since: Feb 17 2,259 Location hidden Please wait... #21 Saturday May 27 Retribution wrote: <quoted text> You could determine which American was more popular from the reception Trump received in Belgium with the protest against his presence in Belgium and Barack Obama's reception in Germany and the German people flocking to the gates to see, listen to and welcome Barack Obama to Germany. LOL, you'd better go back to chasing Seth Rich ghost Seth's ghost is busy right now asking which liberal shot him in the back for the Clinton Crime Family. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! anonymous San Francisco, CA #23 Saturday May 27 Retribution wrote: <quoted text> Carrier Air Conditioning announced the coming Layoffs of 600 at the Indiana plan Mike Pence committed $7 million dollars in state tax cuts to for retraining 700 manufacturering jobs there in Indiana That's at the factor used as the Donald Trump Pony Show during his campaign I know. It's not enough. Not even slightly. Reply » Report Abuse Judge it! Tell me when this thread is updated: Subscribe Now Add to my Tracker First Prev of 2 Next Last Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. US News Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments Barack Obama, our next President (Nov '08) 1 min Teaman 1,539,397 'Fox News Sunday' to Host Kentucky Senate Debate (Oct '10) 8 min Jay 271,578 Texas House floor fracas: Was Rinaldia s ICE ca... 9 min Cordwainer Trout 2 Trump may not block Comey testimony at key publ... 9 min TRUMP 45 2 Plurality of Americans think Trump is failing 11 min bad bob 3,518 What would Jesus say about same-sex marriage? (Jul '15) 11 min Pilots Nail Drivi... 6,399 What happens when undocumented people commita 24 min Quirky 3 Kathy Griffin 45 min californio 339 Trump Paris decision 54 min Retribution 201 Why don't Christian conservatives worry about c... 1 hr Born in the USA 90 See all US News Discussions Find what you want! Search US News Forum Now Trending Now Syria Boston Marathon North Korea Supreme Court Health Care China Microsoft Climate Change Tiger Woods U.S. Open US News News US News Trump may not block Comey testimony at key publ... Trump blasts London mayor and 'politicial corre... In Georgia, a Democratic upset depends on a bal... Late in life, sex assault trial caps Cosby's li... The Latest: 1 arrested in tourist's death in Sa... Official fired after Marine recruit's death fac... Prosecutors want judge to deny Schock dismissal... Woman found dead after 'blood-drenched dog' spo... Jo Cox death like grenade going off murdered MP... GOP legislative agenda incomplete, lags as Cong... American Airlines plane veers off Texas runway,... Farmers decry Trump plans to cut agriculture su... More US News News from Topix » More from around the web   Baltimore, MD News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 20,388 • Total comments across all topics: 281,521,295 Copyright © 2017 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Baltimore, MD Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Super Deal announces wide range of discounts in various clothes and accessories New Super Deal provides exciting discounts for different products from different fields. These products include clothes, shoes, jewelries and much more. Discounts have been an integral part of various online shopping stores. Buyers are always interested in products that come under their budget. It is important to buy quality products that can be bought at cost effective prices. There are various online stores that have come up with interesting features in order to provide exiting discounts to the buyers. One of the online stores that have been providing exciting deals to the online buyers is New Super Deal. There have been times when the products have come at a higher discount of 80% to 85%. It is always interesting to get a super deal like this one from an online platform like New Super Deal. Most of the products include clothes and accessories. It is important to have a proper research on the website in order to stay aware that the buyer gets what he or she wants. Buyers can also checkout the experience of previous buyers and make a smart purchase. Research helps the customers stay aware of the modern developments and helps them in getting the products in their budgets. New deals are continuously added on the platform and it is important for the buyers to keep a track of the website. New buyers can also subscribe with the website in order to get regular updates on the latest discounts being added by the company. The discounts are not only limited to clothes and apparels as the tech enthusiast can also expect to get branded gadgets at cost effective prices. Gadgets and technological products are being bought on a daily basis and buyers are always on the look out to get interesting discounts on their smartphones or other gadgets. New Super Deal provides some of the Best Deals Online. There are coupon codes available online and the buyers can make a search based on their requirements. The website mainly has two sections that include deals and coupons. When it comes to deals buyers can expect to get new deals on a daily basis. The deals are associated with some of the best platforms around the world including Amazon, eBay, Walmart, Macy’s, etc. Getting branded products from these online platforms can be really advantageous. Once the buyers select the product that they want they will get a coupon code and they can use that to go through the transaction. The Deal of the Day provides attractive discounts to the buyers on some of the best brands. The discounts start from 20% and they can go as high as 80%. There is no limitation to any specific field and the products from all the fields are included in this online store. About New Super Deal: New Super Deal is an online platform that has been providing exciting discount offers to various customers around the world. To know more about them one can visit the abovementioned website.  Media Contact Company Name: New Super Deal Team Contact Person: Zak Email: zheng.fee@gmail.com Phone: +86 15880073207 Country: China Website: http://www.newsuperdeal.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Marketing & Sales, Retail, Shopping & Deal, Society & Culture Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Red fire danger warning Next PostNext Global Diffractive Optical Elements Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Vacuum Coating Market Growth Analysis, Opportunities Forecasts Report till 2022 NovaSparks élargit sa couverture sur le marché des options de liquidités américaines NovaSparks Broadens Its U.S. Cash Equity Options Market Coverage Lincoln’s Mix of Vehicles Leads to Highest Loyalty Rating in Luxury Segment Global Textile Dyes Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Stock Is the Best of a Bad Breed In the wake of Q3 earnings, Costco stock is neither cheap nor invincible, but the retailer is showing what can happen when you do things right By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 26, 2017, 4:21 pm EDT     View All   Popular Posts: 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock on Any Good-Sized Dip Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Hits $1,000. Now Watch This Number. Recent Posts: Why Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF), RH (RH) and Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Express, Inc. (EXPR), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June View All Posts Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) at least partially redeemed the reeling retailing industry on Friday. With the echoes of disappointing first-quarter earnings reports from Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW), Chico’s FAS, Inc. (NYSE:CHS) and Tiffany & Co. (NYSE:TIF) still ringing, Costco stock managed to put up a healthy gain on the back of Thursday evening’s release of its fiscal third-quarter numbers. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) Not only did earnings roll in better than expected, same-store sales grew at an almost-heroic pace. How was Costco able to do what so many of its peers haven’t been able to do? And, perhaps more important to current and would-be owners of COST stock, can the retailer continue its fruitful growth? The answer to the first question is, it just strikes the right cord with consumers … one of the few retailers to find a balance between value, customer-experience and convenience. As for the second question, yes, Costco stock can remain protected by its surprisingly wide moat. Costco’s Q3 Earnings For the quarter ending in early May, Costco earned $1.59 per share — or $1.40 per share on an operating basis — on revenue of $28.22 billion. While the top line missed expectations of $28.6 billion, it was still up 8% on a year-over-year basis. Profits rolled in better than the year-ago bottom line of $1.24 per share of COST, and handily beat analyst estimates of $1.30 per share. Most impressive of all, though, was the 5% increase in same-store sales versus estimates of only 3.7% growth. It’s a ray of hope from an otherwise-gloomy retail environment, with rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) being one of the few exceptions. Last quarter, Walmart topped its earnings estimates, and even mustered much-needed same store sales growth of 1.4%. Still, Costco’s results were decidedly better than its peers. What gives? The Same, But Different At first glance, Costco stock more or less looks like Walmart or Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) in that all three sell basic goods and staples. Yes, Costco charges an annual membership fee, but it’s widely understand as the way it can (though not that it always does) offer lower prices. What’s noteworthy about Costco, however, is how much of its profits — not revenue, but profits — stems from those membership fees. Last year, they accounted for 72% of the company’s bottom line, and that’s not apt to change in the foreseeable future considering more than 90% of its members renewed their membership last quarter. In that light, Costco isn’t a retailer in the business of selling merchandise. It’s in the subscription business, selling access lower-cost shopping choices. Consumers are savvy, nevertheless. If what was happening in its stores paled in comparison to the customer experience delivered by Target and Walmart, Costco couldn’t remain in the subscription business very long. In that regard, Costco still does retailing right. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/costco-wholesale-corporation-cost-stock-is-the-best-of-a-bad-breed/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 22-26, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 22-26, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – On Wednesday night traffic will be shifted to new pavement at the intersection of Hilton Heights Road and Berkmar Drive. Motorists should follow signs directing them through the work zone.  The entrance to Sam’s Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ROUTE 709 WIDENING COMPLETED 30 DAYS EARLY – Project increases safety for motorists and bicyclists on Eastern Shore Next PostNext May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Top Local Stories Off-duty Detroit police officer shot, officials say News Victim in chain-reaction crash on I-75 identified News 2 people injured in apartment fire at Dearborn-Detroit border News Man shot, killed outside Tim Hortons in Van Buren Township; Suspect in custody News 2 boats collide on Lake St. Clair; man ejected but uninjured News Metro Detroit weather: Sunday night to be drier, cooler Weather Planet Fitness wins key ruling in Michigan lawsuit over transgender News London terror attacks: 9 dead, 48 wounded, 12 arrests made News Metro Detroit man struck, killed by vehicle after hitting deer and falling from motorcycle News News Woman leads Shelby Twp. police on 100 mph chase after dropping off son near school Woman has warrant for arrest from 2004 By Nick Monacelli - Reporter , Derick Hutchinson Posted: 7:04 PM, May 26, 2017 Updated: 7:04 PM, May 26, 2017 SHELBY TOWNSHIP, Mich. - A woman led police officers on a chase Wednesday after dropping off her son near a Shelby Township school. Police officers were all around Eisenhower High School for safe-driving patrols when a white Chrysler 300 sped past an officer on a nearby residential street. The officer pulled the woman over and she quickly asked if her son could get out and walk to school so he wouldn't be late. The officer said the boy could get out, and two minutes later, the woman sped away. Police said Stacey Nixon, 41, turned east onto 25 Mile Road right where Shelby Township police officers were. "So it was just by chance we were all right there," Shelby Township police Lt. Jeff Daniel said. "No way we were going to continue this chase any further than we had to." Dash-cam video shows the car blowing through the intersection of 25 Mile and Van Dyke. Nixon allegedly drove more than 100 mph. Knowing somebody could get hurt, Shelby Township officers ended the pursuit, but not the chase. Over the course of the next four hours, they checked back into the school and figured out who the woman was. "After talking to the family, they had concerns for her safety," Daniel said. The pinged her cellphone, which brought them to a Walmart on 23 Mile Road, where they found the Chrysler 300. Nixon was loading or unloading something in the trunk. Nixon was arrested right next to her car at the Walmart. Police said Nixon had a felony warrant for her arrest from 2004. "She knew, which is probably why she wanted to get her son out of the vehicle and go on her merry way," Daniel said. Nixon was charged Thursday with fleeing police, operating without insurance and registration and driving on a suspended license. The license plate on the Chrysler 300 also didn't match the car. Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. × Top Stories Off-duty Detroit police officer shot, officials say Victim in chain-reaction crash on I-75 identified 2 people injured in apartment fire at Dearborn-Detroit border Man shot, killed outside Tim Hortons in Van Buren Township; Suspect in custody 2 boats collide on Lake St. Clair; man ejected but uninjured Latest Videos Michigan college student, family celebrate after new supply of melanoma… 2 people injured in apartment fire at Dearborn-Detroit border Victim in chain-reaction crash on I-75 identified Man shot, killed outside Tim Hortons in Van Buren Township; Suspect in custody U.S. and World News Ivanka Trump company seeks new trademarks in China The highly coveted visa that changed my life is now reviled in America They live in Mexico and go to school in the US Peyton Manning joins Trump at golf club 14 arrested as the many extremes of Portland collide in protest Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Outside investigation launched in arrest of Miss Black Texas - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Alabama-Coushatta celebrates Powwow while fighting to keep bingo hall open Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports Saturday Results: Three East Texas teams advance to state Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Collegiate Commissioners Association greenlights early signing period for football SFA baseball will open up Southland Conference Tournament against SHU Sports WebXtra: Carthage running back Keaontay Ingram commits to Texas Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Outside investigation launched in arrest of Miss Black Texas 2017-05-26T15:52:22Z2017-05-26T15:52:22Z COMMERCE, Texas (AP) - An east Texas city has asked a law firm to investigate the arrest of Miss Black Texas 2016 after she and officers gave differing accounts of the incident. Carmen Ponder says Commerce police arrested her Saturday after a confrontation with a motorist who made a racist and sexist comment toward her. Ponder identified the driver as Police Chief Kerry Crews. She says officers arrested her as she left a Wal-Mart and told her to apologize to Crews, which she refused. The city says in a statement issued Thursday that Crews was shopping off-duty and responded to the incident, but wasn't driving the truck. The chief has been placed on leave during the investigation. Ponder's attorney says she may have misidentified the driver, but she was still wrongfully arrested. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Hot Topics: Squirrel Feeder Cited Ferguson Grads New Restaurant House Fire Colo. Eagles Coach Your Best Bets for Fun More Fugitive Charges RH Line Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls May 24-25, 2017 Posted:   05/25/2017 10:48:27 PM MDT Wednesday Arrests • 2:00 p.m. In the 1400 block of North Boyd Lake Avenue, a 24-year-old Longmont man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol, misdemeanor operating a vehicle without insurance and possession of an open container of marijuana in a vehicle. • 3:58 p.m. In the 1100 block of Cynthia Court, a 49-year-old Loveland woman on two felony warrants alleging failure to appear in court on drug charges, and two misdemeanor warrants alleging failure to appear in court on an assault charge and a driving under revocation charge. • 10:59 p.m. In the 2500 block of Rocky Mountain Avenue, a 63-year-old Elbert man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol. Thursday Arrest • 9:28 p.m. At the intersection of West Fourth Street and North Garfield Avenue, a 32-year-old Laurel, Mont., man on a misdemeanor warrant alleging battery. Other Notable Calls Wednesday • 1 p.m. Hit-and-run in the 4300 block of Arriba Avenue. • 1 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of East Eisenhower Boulevard and North Madison Avenue. • 1 p.m. Assault at McKee Medical Center, 2000 N. Boise Ave. • 2 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of Rocky Mountain Avenue and McWhinney Boulevard. • 3 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of West 22nd Street nad North Taft Avenue. Advertisement • 3 p.m. Trespassing in the 4100 block of Stoneham Circle. • 4 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of North Boise Avenue and East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 4 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of North Washington Avenue and East First Street. • 4 p.m. Theft at Wal-Mart, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 5 p.m. A motor vehicle accident with injury in the 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident in the 4400 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. Fraud in the 2300 block of Turquoise Street. • 6 p.m. Shoplifting at Hobby Lobby, 3133 N. Garfield Ave. • 6 p.m. Assault at Loveland High School, 920 W. 29th St. • 8 p.m. Theft in the 2600 block of North Monroe Avenue. • 9 p.m. Vandalism in the 1800 block of North Madison Avenue. Thursday • 7 a.m. Trespassing in the 3400 block of North Douglas Avenue. • 8 a.m. theft in the 5100 block of Coral Burst Circle. • 9 a.m. Fraud in the 1800 block of West Eisenhower Boulevard. • 10 a.m. Fraud in the 500 block of North Lincoln Avenue. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Daily Record: Loveland police calls June 3-4, 2017 '100 deadliest days' for teens on the roads began on Memorial Day Larimer County building on Loveland City Council agenda again   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 24 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Why kale is everywhere: How food trends are born Identifying up-and-coming food trends is equal parts art and science Post to Facebook Why kale is everywhere: How food trends are born Identifying up-and-coming food trends is equal parts art and science  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2s4KMMG {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Why kale is everywhere: How food trends are born Samantha Bomkamp, Chicago Tribune Published 4:05 p.m. ET May 26, 2017 | Updated 4:57 p.m. ET May 26, 2017 Chef Kathleen Hoffman, left, and product developer Ebru Basaydin look through mixed greens Thursday, May 11, 2017, at US Foods in Rosemont, Ill. (Photo: Erin Hooley / TNS) 24 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Kale has had quite a run. Less than a decade ago, the leafy green vegetable was used primarily for decoration on salad bars. Now kale, known for its health benefits, is so ubiquitous that even McDonald’s uses it in salads. There are kale chips and kale crackers. And its appearance on Midwestern restaurant menus has soared nearly 1,300 percent over the last four years, according to Datassential, a Chicago-based food data firm. Za’atar, a Middle Eastern spice blend, may not be as familiar to many Americans, but it plays a starring role in one of the salads Starbucks recently rolled out in Chicago as part of its new lunch menu. As Americans increasingly demand exotic flavors, spices like za’atar are expected to become more common on menus. Identifying up-and-coming food trends is equal parts art and science, and it’s a process that some in the food industry pay a lot of attention to. “The cronut went from nothing to Time magazine in no time; others peak and fall off,” said Stacie Sopinka, vice president of innovation and product development at US Foods, a Rosemont, Ill.-based food distributor. Food trends are influenced by a wide range of factors, from fashion and pop culture to health fads. They’re sometimes created by chefs, often in the world of fine dining, and then mimicked and re-purposed by other restaurateurs. Sometimes, it’s a consultant or distributor working with a big brand to develop a product that fills menu holes for a food company, whether it be a new beverage or a salad topping. The trends are monitored by companies that measure, track and report on them, making it easier for other companies to jump on the bandwagon. Datassential, one of several companies that track trends, calls that pattern the “menu adoption cycle.” Trends in the inception phase often start in fine-dining establishments and independent ethnic restaurants or markets, where the food item is considered unique in the way it’s prepared, presented and tastes. Piri piri sauce, a spicy and tangy topping from Portugal, and togarashi, a Japanese spice blend, are in that phase now. Both meet consumers’ growing demand for exotic spices, according to Datassential. The adoption phase is when mainstream restaurants catch on to the trend. Early adopters tend to be gastropubs, fast-casual and independent sit-down restaurants, and specialty or gourmet food stores. A restaurant like Rick Bayless’ Xoco would jump on the bandwagon at this point, Datassential’s Mike Kostyo said, but so would Panera, Whole Foods, and even the Cheesecake Factory, which has a sizable menu and tests new dishes often. In the proliferation phase, trends hit the mainstream and often are adjusted to have broad appeal. This means the up-and-coming ingredient is incorporated into burgers, pasta dishes and other menu items mainstream America is likely to consume. Sriracha aioli, a spread that lowers the spice intensity of the Thai pepper sauce, is in the proliferation phase now. It’s often served on sandwiches and with french fries. In the final phase, a food trend can be seen across the industry. Brands like Denny’s and Wal-Mart catch on, but so do convenience stores, schools and office cafeterias. As of late last year, flavors like maple and pesto were in this phase. Some will fade away, while others could hang on for years. Not all trends follow this common cycle. In fact, only about 30 to 40 percent of foods or ingredients in the inception phase ever continue on, according to Datassential. Consider bone marrow, a popular sight at some high-end restaurants, but not something that would ever make its way to a fast-food chain. US Foods, which supplies restaurants with everything from produce to prepared meat, helps restaurants get on board with the latest food trends, with a special emphasis on the desires of millennials, the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population. In 2011, the company rebranded, conducted extensive research and began positioning itself to better provide trendy ingredients to independent restaurants. That same year, it launched its own branded line of products, Sopinka said. The items US Foods developed have to fill a lot of holes: The products have to be able to be used in multiple ways, be healthy but still flavorful, and in some cases, be fully cooked so that restaurants can save labor hours — a critical expense. The company’s offerings have evolved to include products ranging from riced cauliflower, which can be used in gluten-free pizza crust and sides and salads, to chicken shawarma that is fully cooked and ready to heat and serve. “We don’t need to be first. For us, it’s a matter of figuring out which ones are going to stick,” Sopinka said. Kerry, an Irish developer of seasonings, sauces and flavorings, is also a major player in menu consultation and the translation of trends. When a major quick-service chain like McDonald’s wants to develop a new burger, Kerry, which has its North American headquarters in Beloit, Wis., pulls all the burger concepts developed industrywide over the last several years and examines everything from buns to toppings, looping in current trends, said Elissa Rempfer, Kerry’s food service marketing research and insights manager. The resulting tests usually show up in fast-food restaurants as limited-time offers. Because chains have huge footprints and need to appeal to a wide range of people, they aren’t often early adopters of trends. To help chains get in on the game, companies like Kerry often take a trend, like smoke flavoring, and mix it with something familiar, like mocha or vanilla, Rempfer said. While an independent restaurant might try something bold like smoked ice cream, chains tend to opt for a more subdued interpretation. For example, Starbucks got in on the smoke trend with a Smoked Butterscotch Latte. 24 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2s4KMMG TOP VIDEOS Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Celebrities •  Royal Family Lifestyle Beauty Entertainment Movies Health Religion One News Page > Celebrities > Aaron Rodgers Still Dating ‘Baywatch’ Babe Kelly Rohrbach Aaron Rodgers Still Dating ‘Baywatch’ Babe Kelly Rohrbach Friday, 26 May 2017 (1 week ago) Aaron Rodgers and Baywatch actress Kelly Rohrbach are still going strong, RadarOnline.com has learned. The pair were first photographed together on April 28, golfing and holding hands in California. Only a few weeks after that, Rohrbach was linked to Walmart billionaire Steuart Walton. But an insider told Radar that Rodgers hasn’t been dumped. PHOTOS: JoJo Read More » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Celebrities London Bridge: ‘Van hits pedestrians’ in ‘major incident’, say police – 1 day before ARIANA GRANDE One Love concert in Manchester Ariana Grande 'cried' with victim Freya Lewis, 14, whose best friend was killed in the MANCHESTER terror attack: 'It was the first time that she had really cried' Ariana Grande's One Love concert set to be surrounded by a 'RING OF STEEL' as armed officers are recruited from across UK to ensure security after MANCHESTER TERROR attack LONDON Bridge Terror Attack: Ariana Grande 'Prays for LONDON' following shocking bridge and Borough Market terrorist incident – over a week after a suicide bomber attacked her concert, killing 22 and injuring 59 CORONATION STREET’s Catherine Tyldesley tops best dressed at British Soap Awards as she pays tribute to victims of Manchester terror attack Coronation Street: Kate Oates defends harrowing Bethany Platt gang rape scenes as she admits she felt more comfortable with 9pm slot after soap was pushed back to make room for BRITAIN's Got Talent semi-finals Amanda Holden's Britain's Got Talent final dress leaves fans very CONFUSED after she wows with a bridal inspired gown Britain's Got Talent 2017 final: DNA make shock confession and reveal they've been influencing judges Simon Cowell, AMANDA HOLDEN, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams throughout the series as they wow with final performance ROBBIE WILLIAMS Breaks Down in Tears While Dedicating Song to Manchester Victims – Watch! BILL MAHER Apologizes For Using Racial Slur On 'Real Time With BILL MAHER' Twitter Jessica Finn EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Rodgers & Kelly Rohrbach casually dating despite report she's seeing Walmart heir Steuart Walton https://t.co/4ECFukqLBP 5 days ago Terez Owens Aaron Rodgers may still be Fake dating Kelly Rohrbach https://t.co/Poj4d5YOUv https://t.co/v9mmlbgqjh 1 week ago Terez Owens Aaron Rodgers may still be Fake dating Kelly Rohrbach https://t.co/Poj4d6gqj5 … https://t.co/HvEy2HrGA5 1 week ago iCum_Y0uSwall0w RT @TerezOwens: Aaron Rodgers may still be Fake dating Kelly Rohrbach https://t.co/Poj4d6gqj5 … https://t.co/HDcle3wCYf 1 week ago Terez Owens Aaron Rodgers may still be Fake dating Kelly Rohrbach https://t.co/Poj4d6gqj5 … https://t.co/HDcle3wCYf 1 week ago MagazinAisle Aaron Rodgers Still Dating ‘Baywatch’ Babe Kelly Rohrbach https://t.co/KVrjkTLq0k https://t.co/irc6yWIIry 1 week ago Facebook Page People Gregg Allman Albert Pujols Donald Trump Ariana Grande Cristiano Ronaldo Current Topics London Attack Stanley Cup Neil Walker Nashville Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? What Is 'COVFEFE', And What Does It Have To Do With Trump? Kathy Griffin's Trump Photo Causes A Stir - And Severs Her Ties With CNN Corbyn Bites Back - Was His Debate Decision The Killer Move Labour Need? MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Charity Concert For Manchester Bombing Victims To Take Place This Sunday - And There's Big Stars Involved Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Skip to main content Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Future Development Reads: Impact investing, impact sourcing, and international development Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending U.S. Politics & Government U.S. Foreign Policy Climate Change Future Development Future Development Reads: Impact investing, impact sourcing, and international development Indermit Gill Friday, May 26, 2017 Future Development Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon With aid money getting scarcer, official development agencies are reluctantly recognizing what should have been obvious all along: private investors are the most important actors in development.  Steps to improve the investment climate and remove obstacles to markets should rise to the top of the development agenda. There will also be more initiatives to cajole or coerce private enterprises into doing development, instead of ‘just’ maximizing shareholder value.  Author Indermit Gill Director, Duke Center for International Development, Sanford School of Public Policy, Duke University Impact investments involve actively looking for social and environmental benefits alongside financial returns.  “Benefit Corporation” is a certification given to firms that show that they care about the environment, workers, and the community (Ben and Jerry’s is a B-Corp). In the U.S., impact investing and benefit corporations are gaining traction. However, this is less true in development circles.  The B-Corp concept has been around for more than a decade though, and it won’t go away.  I think that’s because it appeals to the young. The latest twist is impact sourcing, where large enterprises are encouraged to not just tap talent in poorer countries—they hardly need any encouragement for that—but to outsource work to poor but talented people in developing economies. Students here at Duke University’s Sanford School of Public Policy seem excited by the prospects of impact sourcing.  One of them, Ankur Singh Chawla (who has a freshly minted Master’s in Public Policy diploma), told me this: The impact sourcing model is a meaningful new form of poverty reduction, if only because it hasn’t really been tried before. But it’s not yet a popular or trendy topic in international development, because it’s still seen just as a form of business process outsourcing (BPO). Case in point: impact sourcing has until recently been promoted by management consulting firms. Deloitte, Accenture, Avasant and others have used the model to provide companies with socially responsible outsourcing options. These firms have partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation, which sponsors a major impact sourcing initiative for sustainable job growth in Africa. Related Future Development Will the world reach 10 billion people? Samir K.C. and Wolfgang Fengler Friday, September 4, 2015 Future Development Can 10 billion people live and eat well on the planet? Yes. Heinz-Wilhelm Strubenhoff Tuesday, April 28, 2015 Future Development How to defeat terrorism: Intelligence, integration, and development Norman Loayza Monday, July 25, 2016  But recently, impact sourcing is showing the potential to become a poverty reduction model that can be scaled by development institutions (the World Bank released a report in 2015 that profiled the model). Samasource, a large nonprofit has turned impact sourcing from BPO into a development initiative. It connects large clients such as Walmart and Mastercard with well-trained young people in work centers in Africa and India. Samasource has a program that targets the poorest people, trains them as workers, and gives them jobs for about a year after which they are sent onwards with training and experience in the IT sector. Maybe older folk will eventually get it.  Take a look at this interview of Philippe Le Houérou, the CEO of the International Finance Corporation, the mother of all impact investors with more than $11 billion in investments in 2016.  Philippe is on the wrong side of 60, but I think he’s on the right side of development. IFC 3.0, the organization’s new strategy, aims to increase the developmental impact of IFC’s investments and those of its private sector partners.  This month, as he completed a year as the Corporation’s head, Philippe said. “I wanted to put development impact at the heart of what IFC does — that was my first year. For my second year, I want to put IFC at the heart of development impact.” As impact investing goes global, the question might soon become: Can “triple-bottom-line” companies that care about financial, social and environmental returns replace traditional development actors? My answer is: no, but they could help. Future Development This blog was first launched in September 2013 by the World Bank in an effort to hold governments more accountable to poor people and offer solutions to the most prominent development challenges. Continuing this goal, Future Development was re-launched in January 2015 at brookings.edu. For archived content, visit worldbank.org » Related Topics Business & Industry Developing Economies Economic Development Global Development More Future Development Future Development Reads: Inequality, universal basic income, and subsidy reform in MENA Shanta Devarajan Friday, May 12, 2017 Developing Economies Fertilizing growth: Agricultural inputs and their effects in economic development John McArthur Tuesday, April 4, 2017 2017 Mar 20 Past Event Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 and women’s empowerment: Areas for U.S.-Japan cooperation 10:00 AM - 11:30 AM EDT Washington, DC The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending U.S. Politics & Government U.S. Foreign Policy Climate Change Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Close Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 2h 58m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 3h 7m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 3h 8m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 4h 8m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 5h 26m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 5h 27m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 5h 57m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 6h 19m ago view all   We ended slavery, so why exploit people with a $7.25 minimum wage? By Morris Pearl and Marc Morial, Opinion Contributors - 05/26/17 03:00 PM EDT 2,773   As Americans, we have always tried to do better, to live up to the ideals upon which we were founded 240 years ago. When Thomas Jefferson wrote about the self-evident truth that “all men are created equal,” but excluded women, we corrected his mistake. When he wrote that power is derived from the consent of the governed, but left out nonwhite citizens, we corrected his mistake. And when the Founding Fathers allowed Americans to buy and sell their fellow humans as property — America’s original sin — we corrected this injustice. Or did we? More than 150 years after we ended slavery, we continue to exploit human labor in a misguided attempt to maximize profits for the aristocrats and oligarchs.  ADVERTISEMENT The slaves and indentured servants who helped maintain elitist bureaucrats’ station in life were paid nothing for their labor. After nearly two-and-a-half centuries of progress — 240 years in which America has progressed from being “young, scrappy and hungry” to being a global super power — we have moved from unpaid slavery to a $7.25 federal minimum wage. We are still exploiting the least of us for the benefit of those with the most.   Is this the best we can do? Is this progress we can be proud of? Working 40 hours per week at the federal minimum wage, a worker will earn just $290 per week or $15,080 per year before taxes — assuming that worker takes no vacation days, never gets sick, and works Christmas, Thanksgiving and every other holiday. That leaves just $1,250 per month to cover essential needs like housing, food, clothing and transportation. It’s just not sustainable. Families supported by minimum wage jobs are excluded from America’s promise. There is no opportunity to spend time with children, to build wealth or to even participate in civic life. We may have left the plantations, but for too many Americans, the realities aren’t much different today than they were at Mt. Vernon. To help these families survive — not succeed, but merely survive — the government has developed a number of programs like the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), food stamps and Medicaid. This helps fill the gap between a full day’s pay and the dollars needed to subsist, but these programs were intended as a safety net, not as a subsidy to corporations who refuse to pay even a subsistence wage.  That is exactly what they have become — some corporations even help their employees with the application process for public assistance. But welfare comes with strings and a stigma. And what clearer, and more humiliating, sign can an employer send to an employee than to say, “We don’t even think you’re worth a living wage”? Government programs, while valuable, are not the sole solution, except for those who are truly the most vulnerable members of our society. The solution is to guarantee that every American who works a full-time job can earn a salary that meets their basic needs and lets them participate in their family, in public life and in the economy. The solution is to attach value to the jobs our neighbors do — and to our neighbors themselves — by showing them that we attach value to their labor. The solution is to rid ourselves of our original sin and remove the last vestiges of a slave culture we claim to have rejected more than a century and a half ago.  The solution is to raise the minimum wage and ensure that it’s a living wage. The moral argument for doing so is clear. The economic argument should be clear as well. In an economy that is 70 percent driven by consumer demand, putting more money into people’s pockets means putting more money into the economy, and the closer a worker is to “just making ends meet,” the faster every additional dollar they have is returned to the economy — a concept known as the velocity of money. Put another way, raising the minimum wage instantly pumps millions of dollars into the economy. It’s good for the individual, good for business and good for the country as a whole.  In nine years, America will celebrate our 250th birthday. We have come a long way in that time, but we still have far to go. Will we be a nation that has moved closer to the ideals of equality so critical to our founding, or will we still be struggling to erase the lingering residue of slavery, our original sin?  If we truly do hope to be an ever more perfect union, the answer should be clear. Morris Pearl is chairman of the Patriotic Millionaires, a group of wealthy Americans dedicated to equality for all people. He was previously a managing director for investment firm BlackRock. Marc Morial is president of the National Urban League and the former mayor of New Orleans. The views of contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Minimum wage economy Marc Morial Morris Pearl   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 1,110 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 637 Shares 3 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 307 Shares 4 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 291 Shares 5 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 257 Shares 6 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 224 Shares 7 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 167 Shares 8 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 152 Shares 9 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 143 Shares 10 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 107 Shares 11 Gore: Trump administration comes... Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday said the Trump administration... 102 Shares 12 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 97 Shares 13 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 87 Shares 14 London mayor: I have more... London mayor Sadiq Khan's spokesperson responded to criticism from... 62 Shares 15 Deutsche Bank denies House... Deutsche Bank has not responded to questions from several Democrats on the... 61 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
News National Sports Events Movies & TV Music Videos New Releases Live Reviews Album Reviews Music Premieres Features Digital Covers Opinion Lists Style Fashion Lifestyle Vixen Viva Share < br />this article: Police Chief Under Investigation For Allegedly Calling Beauty Queen “Black B***h” During Arrest News Luria Freeman @CandidlyLuria | May 26, 2017 - 2:12 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: WFAA Police Chief Kerry Crews of Commerce, Texas, is currently under investigation for allegedly unlawfully arresting 23-year-old Carson Ponder, Miss Black Texas U.S. Ambassador 2016, and calling her a “black b***h.” READ Connecticut Police Say They’ve Viewed Video Of Unarmed Teen Shot By Officer One side of the incident is recounted by Facebook user Lee Merritt. Ponder also told her side of the story to WFAA, maintaining her innocence and sharing that the incident only fuels her desire to become an attorney. A press release by from the City of Commerce denies that the police chief had any violent involvement in the incident, instead asserting that he was only in the Walmart parking lot to diffuse an argument between Ponder and another motorist. However, he has been placed on administrative duty while the investigation is ongoing. Recommended for you Box Office: ‘Wonder Woman’ Historically Rakes In $223M Worldwide The Weeknd Donates $100,000 To Medical Center In Uganda ‘One Love Manchester’ Benefit Concert Raises $2.6 Million In Three Hours Pusha T Launches College Fund For 6-Year-Old St. Louis Boy Whose Plea To End Gun Violence Went Viral Derek Fisher Arrested For DUI After Car Flips Over On Los Angeles Freeway Plies Offers Advice To Young Men On How They Should Treat A Woman Around The Web The VIBE Mix Newsletter Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Featured Stories ‘Good Girl Gone Bad’: Rihanna’s 2007 LP Was The Catalyst For Her Iconic Fashion Style Choices Femcees Are Still MIA On Major Festival Bills, Care To Explain? Stay Woke: 5 Funny Covers Of Childish Gambino's "Redbone" NEXT: Consider ELHAE An Alchemist Of Modern R&B Moods NEWS MUSIC FEATURES STYLE VIXEN LISTS VIVA CONTACT US Vibe.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
null
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Technology Is Privacy Still a Big Deal Today? May 25, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Technology Content Americans value their privacy, but they are also resigned to giving up their personal data in order to transact with a company. Is there a better way for both sides to get what they want? This opinion piece by Kartik Hosanagar (@khosanagar) and Tai Bendit examines that question. Hosanagar is a professor of technology and digital business at Wharton. He was previously a cofounder of online marketing firm Yodle Inc. Bendit is a senior at Wharton studying economics with a concentration in operations, information, and decisions. He is joining LinkedIn as a business strategy and analytics analyst. A version of this article was previously published on LinkedIn. Think about the last time you gave up your personal data to a large corporation. Chances are it was within the last few hours especially if you’ve shopped on Amazon, watched Netflix, or even walked into a Rite Aid, Target, or Macy’s with the store app open on your phone. And if you can’t remember exactly where you were, you can check out your Google Maps Timeline, which stores a year’s worth of information about the routes you’ve traveled. Did you mean to give up all that data? Marketers claim that when you give up your personal data, you are participating in a rational “trade-off.” You decide that the benefits of using online tools including search, recommendations and personalized shopping outweigh potential privacy concerns. Indeed, studies have shown that some customers are starting to see targeted advertising as an alternative form of online currency that’s exchanged for free products or customization. But people also respond more favorably to targeted ads when they have the ability to control their privacy settings. But do we feel that we have that control? Consider how much you agree or disagree with the following two statements: 1) “I want to have control over what marketers know about me online.” 2) “I’ve come to accept that I have little control over what marketers can learn about me online.” Sponsored Content: If you agree with both statements, as 58% of Americans did in a 2015 national survey from the University of Pennsylvania, then you’re part of a generation of consumers going through a process of resignation. We want to control our personal data and how it is used, but we’ve mostly given up. We spoke with Joseph Turow, professor of communication at UPenn’s Annenberg School for Communication and author of the book The Aisles Have Eyes. He conducted the survey as part of his research on digital cultural industries. The theme of consumer helplessness with regard to data privacy dominated our conversation with him. Turow’s book is highly critical of the extent of consumer tracking that offline retailers are doing in their stores. This goes beyond just cameras that track aggregate shopper patterns to newer technologies such as beacons that communicate with phones and track movements at the individual level. “We want to control our personal data and how it is used, but we’ve mostly given up.” We don’t believe these technologies are half as problematic for the following reasons: Online stores track us more extensively and warrant more focus from a privacy standpoint (although that distinction may matter less in an increasingly omni-channel world). For beacons to track us, they interact with the store app, which we have to install in the first place — although Turow notes that retailers can also track us through partner apps. Consumer data and analytics deliver great value such as personalized recommendations on Amazon and Netflix. Turow doesn’t completely discount the potential value but isn’t enthused by it either. In fact, he singles out personalized promotions as an example of something that might seem valuable but is not. To see his point, take a look at this next set of statements. Do you agree with them? 1) “Price discrimination is illegal in the United States.” 2) “Most large U.S. corporations engage in price discrimination.” If you answered yes to the first question, you side with a majority of Americans in 2005 and 2015 surveys, who purportedly believed that price discrimination was illegal both online and in stores. Indeed, there are a host of anti-discrimination, privacy, and consumer protection laws in place. But most people underestimate the extent to which price discrimination is a reality in a world of personalized promotions. Turow points out that companies are increasingly using personalized discounts to engage in a form of price discrimination that may not be desirable. Stores like Walmart, Target, and Macy’s uses beacons to track where customers are in their stores so its apps can send them personalized offers. You might be standing in the diaper aisle and be sent a better deal than the person next to you. And the algorithm that determines that discount might use all kinds of factors such as past purchases and zip codes to make that decision. “Is it fair to make [the disclosure of personal information] a necessary condition for a consumer and firm to transact?” A 2015 White House Report investigating the potential impact of big data on price discrimination raised concerns that some consumers might lose out while being left in the dark. Although personalized discounts have been around for a while, mainly based on broader demographic categories, access to data and technology now allows these companies to seamlessly scale targeted advertising and marketing offers. So what can you do if this makes you uncomfortable? It’s not clear that walking away is an option either. By refusing to give up your data, you might miss personalized discounts and end up paying even higher prices. Either way, corporations are teaching us that in order to get along in the 21st century, we need to give up some personal data. One study showed that individuals assign decidedly different values to their personal data, but are in general more willing to disclose sensitive information when others around them are doing the same. Is it fair to make [the disclosure of personal information] a necessary condition for a consumer and firm to transact? And what is a way forward that does not require us to go back to the world before digital and mobile technologies? Today, the answer is not so clear. But because the stakes are high, marketers and privacy advocates will continue to work towards a solution. One potential answer comes from advertising. Driven by their frustration with online advertising, consumers have started installing ad blockers in their browsers. Among my students, more than 50% install ad blockers (almost 75% among my undergraduate students). Ad blocking hurts advertising revenues, so it’s no surprise that this practice has gotten the industry’s attention. To address the issue, the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), an advertising industry organization, has proposed the LEAN advertising program. LEAN — an acronym for light, encrypted, ad choice supported, non-invasive ads — suggests a number of guidelines aimed at protecting user privacy and improving their overall experience with interactive ads. Among the guidelines is the expectation of compliance with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer privacy program. It’s too soon to tell whether LEAN will be widely adopted, but the initiative shows how consumers can take control and get the industry to take action. Supports K@W's Technology Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Is Privacy Still a Big Deal Today?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 25 May, 2017. Web. 05 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/privacy-a-big-deal/> APA Is Privacy Still a Big Deal Today?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, May 25). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/privacy-a-big-deal/ Chicago "Is Privacy Still a Big Deal Today?" Knowledge@Wharton, May 25, 2017, accessed June 05, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/privacy-a-big-deal/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Technology Mobile Money in India: Does Digitalization Follow Demonetization? Demonetization in India may not have achieved its prime objective -- unearthing black money. But it has given a boost to mobile wallets. Management More Money, More Problems: How Profit Hijacked American Health Care The cost of health care in the United States is spiraling upward while politicians continue to bicker over how to fix a broken system. Sponsored Content Demographic Shifts: Shaping the Future of Car Ownership Boomers and millennials are defying expectations about where they live and how they get around – changing the future of urban mobility.   Join The Discussion 2 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Robert Jacobson Turow’s study presumes that Americans in fact realize the costs and dangers inherent to giving up their personal information. When working to develop privacy legislation for the California Legislature, I did my own research on this topic — before the Internet was as built out today, a time when citizens instinctively recoiled at the notion of credit bureaus and large institutions having access to this information. In fact, the people were unaware of more than 10% of the actual information-sharing then taking place without their knowledge or consent. By now, that number has shrunken to far less than 1% of the information actually shared, most via the Internet. To then assume that Americans’ proclivity to freely share their personal information is in any way well-informed avoids the bald truth that for the most part we are kept in the dark about the amount and velocity of our passed-around personal information. Ultimately, most Americans are woefully ignorant regarding how access to our personal information makes possible (a) our individual and collective manipulation by commercial and political interests; and (b) our prospective oppression by an authoritarian government. So while your headline for this article may be correct — i.e., Americans are resigned to handing over personal information — the implied suggestion that they will continue to feel this way as the psychic and practical burdens imposed on them exponentially increase, based on this surrender, is well off the mark. The snapback when the social pressure has built up will be remarkable, leaving the pundits scratching their heads and wondering where all the subservient consumers of basically useless “freebies” went. Then business models as well as privacy policy will vastly alter as we enter an era when absolute consent for the sharing of one’s personal information becomes the rule, not an inconvenient anachronism to those who would unilaterally toy with or command us. Robert Jacobson PS I believe that Joseph Turow’s instincts are right on. Our methods of probing deeply in this area are constrained, however, by opposing interests who would prefer we all (except them) be kept in the dark. They and their attorneys work night and day to power up what the late Swedish critic of information imbalance, Jan Ekecrantz, called The Black Flashlight. The Black Flashlight is the media’s typical, reifying “coverage” of a crucial issue, like the integrity of one’s personal information, that results in an absence of illumination and even less public understanding. It is quite difficult to identify, characterize, and respond to a phenomenon when it can’t be accurately described or even detected. And that is our situation here. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 73° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms early. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening will give way to cloudy skies after midnight. Low 68F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 4 Robert Cohen • rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon public works employees board-up a burned home on Dogwood Lane on Friday, March 17, 2017, after a man died in the home early Thursday. The home belongs to Cristy Campbell, who was found dead at Silver Lake after her infant son was rescued from the woman's sinking SUV. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Robert Cohen An SUV that was found in Silver Lake with a baby inside is towed from the scene in Highland, Il. on Thursday, March 16, 2017. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon police Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Their parents died violent deaths. Now grandparents of 7 Glen Carbon children fighting for guardianship By Allison Colburn St. Louis Post-Dispatch Allison Colburn May 26, 2017 (…) +3  Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  Glen Carbon police +3  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Robert Cohen • rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon public works employees board-up a burned home on Dogwood Lane on Friday, March 17, 2017, after a man died in the home early Thursday. The home belongs to Cristy Campbell, who was found dead at Silver Lake after her infant son was rescued from the woman's sinking SUV. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Robert Cohen An SUV that was found in Silver Lake with a baby inside is towed from the scene in Highland, Il. on Thursday, March 16, 2017. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com EDWARDSVILLE • Seven children from Glen Carbon whose parents died in March are now at the center of a struggle over guardianship between their paternal grandparents and their maternal grandmother. According to court documents, Nancy and Henry Campbell of Glen Carbon, the children’s paternal grandparents, filed a petition for guardianship after the parents, Cristy and Justin Campbell, died March 16. More than a month later, Cristy Campbell’s mother, Lenora Brueggemann of Caseyville, filed a counterpetition for guardianship that alleged Nancy and Henry Campbell were forcing the children, five boys and two girls, ages 5 months to 14 years, to adopt a lifestyle that harms their mental health. The counterpetition claims that Nancy and Henry Campbell have: • Forced the children to adopt the couple’s religion, Jehovah’s Witnesses, and to seek converts by going door to door. • Banned contact between the children and Brueggemann because Brueggemann is not a Jehovah’s Witness. • Planned to have the children discontinue their extracurricular activities, including sports. The document says Brueggemann was the primary alternate child care provider for the children before their parents’ deaths. Brueggemann was unable to house all seven children after their parents’ deaths, but the petition says she is working on securing an adequate living situation. “The lives of the children have been disrupted to a severe degree due to the nature of the loss of their parents, and it is not in the best interests of the minor children to discontinue their previous extracurricular activities and force them into a religion which was not the status quo of the biological parents,” Brueggemann’s counterpetition reads. Some of the details of how events unfolded on March 16 remain unclear. But early that morning, six of the children of Cristy and Justin Campbell fled their burning house on Dogwood Lane in Glen Carbon. Some ran to a neighbor’s house, and others found help at a nearby Walmart. Sixteen miles away, about 5:30 a.m. a 911 caller reported an SUV in Silver Lake in Highland. A paramedic reached the scene in time to swim 50 to 75 feet and save a 3-month-old baby, who was floating inside the vehicle with a few inches of air space. Cristy Campbell’s body was found in the lake later that morning. Justin Campbell’s body was found inside the remains of the house. A coroner ruled that he died of a gunshot wound to the head before the house went up in flames. Cristy and Justin Campbell divorced in Madison County in 2012, according to court records. She was awarded custody of the children. A neighbor told the Post-Dispatch in March that she believed Justin Campbell was also living at the house on Dogwood Lane. The couple had a history of domestic issues. Justin Campbell was a manager at a Bob Evans restaurant in Collinsville, and Cristy Campbell worked as a manager with T-J Transport in Highland, and a cocktail waitress at Lumière Place Casino in St. Louis. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area More government data 2017 St. Louis area homicide map St. Louis Crime Tracker +3  Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  Glen Carbon police +3  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Tags Glen Carbon Cristy Campbell Justin Campbell Suv Silver Lake Highland Petition Worship Civil Law Law Allison Colburn Follow Allison Colburn Close Get email notifications on Allison Colburn daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Allison Colburn posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Allison Colburn Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular Family says 7-year-old victim in quadruple shooting Thursday has died Interim St. Louis chief on violence: 'This has got to stop' McClellan: Ex-cop's dream has been a long time coming Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Three fatally shot and one wounded in north St. Louis Follow us Latest in section Man and his mother found dead after apparent heroin overdoses in St. Louis home Man shot in head in St. Louis neighborhood dies at hospital Woman IDs her son as 4th victim in St. Louis shooting, says she doesn't know motive Body of teen who disappeared while swimming in the Big River has been found, police say Man fatally shot, another injured in Washington Park Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Get your daily dose of community. Congratulate yourself or surprise relatives by sharing an anniversary announcement — free of charge! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Amazon Finally Opens Its Grocery Pickup Stores To Public Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Amazon Finally Opens Its Grocery Pickup Stores To Public May 26, 2017 12:41 pm EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk and we're live amazonfresh amazonFresh pickup amazon groceries shopping grocery pickup Amazon Prime customers in Seattle will now have another option for groceries: Two AmazonFresh pickup sites are open to the general public after an employees-only testing phase. Here’s how it works: Shoppers select their items online and pay for them, and then choose a two-hour window to pick them up from one of two drive-in Amazon locations. If you’re an AmazonFresh member your order will be ready in 15 minutes, but other Prime shoppers will have to wait at least two hours after their order is placed. Once the customer arrives, a license-plate reader checks them in and alerts Amazon and employee brings the groceries out to their car and puts them in the trunk. There’s no order minimum, and the service is free for Prime members. If these first two pickup sites prove to be successful, it’s likely Amazon will consider expanding the service to other locations and cities. It’s also worth noting that this pickup service is a lot like a something Walmart has been offering in certain locations since 2014, which allows customers in a handful of markets to place grocery orders in advance and have them waiting for pickup later in the day. Walmart recently expanded that program to additional cities. Another Amazon foray into grocery shopping isn’t quite ready for primetime yet, however: The company’s Amazon Go checkout-free convenience store concept was supposed to open to the public in March, but that plan was put on hold after apparent hiccups with the cashless technology. (h/t Seattle Times) May 26, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk and we're live amazonfresh amazonFresh pickup amazon groceries shopping grocery pickup Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related at the drive-in AmazonFresh Pickup Will Deliver Groceries To Your Car grabbing the necessities Amazon Reportedly Opening Convenience Stores & Dedicated Curbside Pickup Sites A physical presence Report: Amazon To Eventually Open As Many As 2,000 Grocery Stores what's in a number? If You Want To Use Amazon Fresh You’ll Have To Pay $299/Year For PrimeFresh First alternate retail realities Amazon Was Thinking About Buying Whole Foods: No, Really. Previous American Airlines Passenger Tries To Bite Flight Attendant Before Jumping To Tarmac Next New Restaurant Hit With $300K Water Bill Before Doors Even Opened Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: New Restaurant Hit With $300K Water Bill Before Doors Even Opened Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Consumer Products Simon & Schuster re-ups Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood license The publisher has renewed its master deal for The Fred Rogers Company’s show until 2022. By Alexandra Whyte May 26, 2017 Simon & Schuster is renewing its master publishing deal for The Fred Rogers Company’s Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood until 2022.The deal was brokered by agent Out of the Blue Enterprises. Out of the Blue has also signed new licensing partners, including Party City (party supplies) and Hallmark (Christmas ornaments) that will begin rolling out products this fall. Other new licenses include Church & Dwight Co. (toothbrush and orajel toothpaste, fall 2017), Fabric Traditions (printed fabric, spring 2018) and SCS Direct (Melamine tableware, icepacks and lunch bags, fall 2017). This summer, The Bentex Group/Dreamwave will also be releasing swimwear for boys and girls sizes 2T-4T on Target.com and boys swim trunks at Walmart.com. Simon & Schuster will be publishing more than 12 new Daniel Tiger books this year in hardcover, trade paperback and eBook formats. The first four books launched this spring and the rest will roll out throughout the year. The animated series is co-produced by New York’s Out of the Blue and Toronto’s 9 Story Media Group. Recently, Amazon secured a multi-year agreement with PBS Distribution, making Amazon Prime Video the exclusive premium streaming service for its raft of popular shows, including Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood.  TAGS:Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood, Hallmark, Out of the Blue Enterprises, Party City, Simon & Schuster, The Fred Rogers Company About The Author Alexandra Whyte is Kidscreen's Online Writer. Contact her at awhyte@brunico.com // Author Page Related Posts Jakks makes Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood master toy deal Simon & Schuster takes Daniel Tiger from screen to page Daniel Tiger toys from Jakks to launch this fall Daniel Tiger licensing expansion in store for 2014 Latest Posts Consumer Products How Kano is plugging in and partnering up By Elizabeth Foster June 2, 2017 Featured GO-N Productions opens new digital division By Jeremy Dickson June 2, 2017 Screen Broadcasters jump on Sinking Ship’s playground series By Alexandra Whyte June 2, 2017 More News Follow @kidscreen Tweets about kidscreen Screening Room How Kano is plugging in and partnering up GO-N Productions opens new digital division Broadcasters jump on Sinking Ship’s playground series Toy State rolls with Marvel Comics license Featured Popular Latest Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 This is just some random content to show the different layouts possible Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 Company About Kidscreen Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Home Contributors Subscribe Magazine Archive Events Features Hot50 From the Mag Global Pitch Guide Sections Consumer Products Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech ™ Kidscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1996-2017 Kidscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy Search Recent Topics Kidscreened Nickelodeon apps Disney mobile digital media Cartoon Network Licensing SVOD DHX Media Mattel YouTube Netflix toys CBeebies Hasbro Disney Channel Corus Entertainment Disney XD Toys 'R' Us Top tags Latest Posts Consumer Products How Kano is plugging in and partnering up By Elizabeth Foster June 2, 2017 Featured GO-N Productions opens new digital division By Jeremy Dickson June 2, 2017 Screen Broadcasters jump on Sinking Ship’s playground series By Alexandra Whyte June 2, 2017 Menu Home News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Brand Menu Account Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards Our Company We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Kidscreen journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist kidscreen.com in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts U.S. News Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » Outside investigation launched in… Outside investigation launched in arrest of Miss Black Texas By The Associated Press May 26, 2017 11:44 am < a min read Share COMMERCE, Texas (AP) — An east Texas city has asked a law firm to investigate the arrest of Miss Black Texas 2016 after she and officers gave differing accounts of the incident. Carmen Ponder says Commerce police arrested her Saturday after a confrontation with a motorist who made a racist and sexist comment toward her. Ponder identified the driver as Police Chief Kerry Crews. She says officers arrested her as she left a Wal-Mart and told her to apologize to Crews, which she refused. The city says in a statement issued Thursday that Crews was shopping off-duty and responded to the incident, but wasn’t driving the truck. The chief has been placed on leave during the investigation. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement Ponder’s attorney says she may have misidentified the driver, but she was still wrongfully arrested. Related Topics U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » Outside investigation launched in… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Menu Bossip Search Home Celebrities Actors Actresses Musicians Athletes Socialite Model Politician Personality Reality Star WAG Kids Nick Cannon Dave Chappelle Taye Diggs Idris Elba Cuba Gooding Jr. Jamie Foxx Kevin Hart Steve Harvey Terrence Howard Tracy Morgan Eddie Murphy Chris Rock Columbus Short Jaden Smith Will Smith Denzel Washington Jesse Williams Bill Cosby Omari Hardwick Tyrese Angela Bassett Halle Berry Stacey Dash Viola Davis Vivica Fox Meagan Good Taraji P. Henson Zoe Kravitz Sanaa Lathan Lauren London Nia Long Lupita Nyong’o Gwyneth Paltrow Lisa Raye Zoe Saldana Gabourey Sidibe Jada Pinkett-Smith Gabrielle Union Lark Voorhies Kerry Washington Carmelo Anthony Charles Barkley Kobe Bryant Kevin Durant Boobie Gibson Dwight Howard Lebron James Bruce Jenner Brandon Jennings Magic Johnson Michael Jordan Floyd Mayweather, Jr. Lamar Odom Michael Strahan Mike Tyson Dwyane Wade Serena Williams Tiger Woods Nick Young Michael Jordan Beyonce Iggy Azalea Justin Bieber Mariah Carey Keyshia Cole Drake Jay-Z K. Michelle Kendrick Lamar Ludacris Meek Mill Nicki Minaj Nas Rihanna Rick Ross Solange Teyana Taylor Usher Kanye West Wiz Khalifa Blac Chyna Brittny Gastineau Paris Hilton Miss Jackson Paris Jackson Kylie Jenner EJ Johnson Kim Kardashian Kourtney Kardashian Rob Kardashian Khloe Kardashian Odom Nicole Richie Rachel Roy Vera Sidika Angela Simmons Cynthia Bailey Tyra Banks Naomi Campbell Selita Ebanks Melyssa Ford Vida Guerra Iman Chanel Iman Kendall Jenner Tahiry Jose Heidi Klum Bria Murphy Shayne Murphy Eva Pigford Kimora Lee Simmons Chrissy Teigen Tyson Kate Upton Herman Cain Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton Bill De Blasio Rob Ford Eric Holder Bill Maher Nelson Mandela Barack Obama Michelle Obama Condoleeza Rice Condoleezza Rice Amber Rose Aziz Ansari Rocsi Diaz Kris Jenner Suge Knight Mathew Knowles Tina Knowles Bobbi Kristina Spike Lee Don Lemon Bishop Eddie Long Oprah Al Sharpton Karrine Steffans Donald Sterling The Breakfast Club Wendy Williams Bill Maher Kris Jenner Lala Vazquez Mimi Faust Gloria Govan Laura Govan Shaniece Hairston Joseline Hernandez Nene Leakes Evelyn Lozada Draya Michele Apollo Nida Phaedra Parks Karlie Redd Porsha Williams Toya Wright Kim Zolciak Claudia Jordan EJ Johnson Erica Mena Evelyn Lozada Kenya Moore Khloe Kardashian-Odom Jessica Canseco Jackie Christie Coco Tracey Edmonds Eniko Tameka Foster Torrei Hart Karrueche Shamicka Lawrence Tonya Lewis Lee Grace Miguel Nicole Murphy Elin Nordegren Shaunie O’Neal Jada Paul Larsa Pippen Kim Porter Grace Bush Blue Ivy Carter Lil Terrio Terrio North West News Viral Videos We See You Sports Bolitics SMH Jesus Take The Wheel What the Hell??? Exclusives Videos Tips newsletter facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube rss WATCH MORE WATCH MORE Cop Calls Miss Black Texas A ‘Black B***’ Before Wrongfully Arresting Her Posted on May 26, 2017 - By Bossip Staff View Comments SMS Here we go again… Miss Black Texas Called A “Black B***” By Cop A black beauty queen’s run-in with a racist Texas cop is making national headlines. Carmen S. Ponder, Miss Black Texas U.S. ambassador 2016, was forced to spend a night in jail after an off-duty cop blasted her as a “black b***” for refusing to cower to him. According to The Root whose been in contact with her attorney Lee Merritt, Ponder found herself driving behind a “dangerous driver” who was swerving in and out of lanes and accelerating suddenly with no provocation. For her safety, Ponder signaled and maneuvered around the driver who was later identified as the 14-year-old daughter of Commerce, Texas, Police Chief Kerry Crews. Later she encountered Crews at a local Walmart who confronted her and called her a “black b***” for driving past his daughter. Ponder ignored him and an irate Crews called for backup and arrested Ponder for “evading arrest.” In a statement to The Root , Merritt’s demanding justice. “Unfortunately, as an official representative of ‘Black Texas,’ Carmen’s story embodies the black experience with law enforcement,” Merritt said. “It is our responsibility to address this reality with sobriety and commitment. We demand justice in this case and will seek it from every possible angle.” There was literally NO reason for this racist cop to arrest this woman. We’ll stay on top of this story in hopes that Ms. Ponder will get justice. Getty Images Categories: Bolitics, Brutality, For Your Information SMS More Stories From Bossip Comments blog comments powered by Disqus Get the Bossip newsletter Trending On Social Kanye Aims To Yeezy-Out Privileged ﻿Calabasas High School Athletes She Can Sang! Tamar Braxton Sings Mariah Carey’s “Love Takes Time” [Video] Kandi Burruss Says Phaedra’s Lie Almost Ended Her Housewives Career Derek Fisher Car Crash Footage Shows Wreckage Before DUI Arrest (VIDEO... Justin Bieber Steals the Show, Breaks Down at Ariana Grande’s... Ariana Grande Singing the Hits Because of Manchester Victim’s... Ariana Grande’s Manager Scooter Braun’s Emotional at One... Katy Perry Leaving for Ariana Grande Manchester Concert Half Asleep (PHOTO) Celebrities Kanye West Kim Kardashian Beyonce Rihanna Jay-Z News We See You Sports Bolitics SMH Jesus Take The Wheel What the Hell??? Exclusives We Broke It Here First! Editorials Dear Bossip Quizzes Slideshows Videos Exclusives Crazy Videos Music Videos Celebrity Interviews Entertainment Photos Instagram For Your Viewing Pleasure Bangers Twitpic What is Wrong With This Picture Info About Advertising Contact Tips facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Bossip Mobile App Archives Categories Privacy Policy Terms Bossip Glossary Bossip ® Copyright © 2017 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved | BHM Digital. | × Search Keywords: Topic Results Load More
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock Never Had a Chance Eddie Lampert's legacy is unfairly that of the man who killed SHLD stock By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 26, 2017, 9:50 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Buy Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Stock for Hock Tan’s Genius Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) Stock’s Feud With Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is an Opportunity Is Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Recession-Proof? Recent Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL): You’re Right to Be Skeptical of AAPL Stock Bitcoin Is Cryptocurrency, But It’s Not Currency Nokia Oyj (ADR) (Nok) Stock Is a Case of Image vs. Reality View All Posts Eddie Lampert, fairly or unfairly, will go down in history as the man who killed Sears Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD). I think it’s an unfair charge, but it’s what SHLD stock holders will remember. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Ever since Lampert combined the venerable department store chain with his Kmart in 2004, Lampert has been fighting a rearguard action to save the onetime retail giant. It’s an action that most analysts now see as futile. The combined company’s market cap today is barely over a billion, and SHLD stock opened for trade Friday at $8.43 per share after trading in 2007 for over $190. Every year there are fewer assets, the debt-asset ratio is constantly rising. It’s like watching someone slowly drown. Lampert has drawn criticism for extracting value from the company during its fall, selling off brands and real estate, making himself its principal creditor, making certain he will remain a billionaire even after the company disappears. But could he have done differently, or better? Buffett Says No Legendary Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A) CEO Warren Buffett has said the job was hopeless from the start. Retailers don’t come back, he said in 2005. Once a store has fallen behind its competitors (and Sears had fallen behind decades before Lampert moved on it), it doesn’t come back. The reason is that retailing is about reputation, and goodwill is its chief asset. Customers go where they think they’re getting the best deal. Mainstream department store retailing has been out of fashion for decades. Stores like Macy’s Inc. (NYSE:M) and J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP), with their high-cost mall locations, were being replaced by discounters like Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) and Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) 40 years ago. Whether Lampert could have saved Kmart is a different question. Kmart claimed a cost structure and margins like Target. Maybe combining it with Sears was a mistake. But even in 2004, Kmart was the third player in the discount market; consolidation was obviously on the horizon, and it lacked scale to evolve into anything more than a Big Lots, Inc. (NYSE:BIG). A Question of Margin The key question remains margin. A small retailer may charge twice as much for a product as they pay for it. A department store chain usually needs margins of 35% to survive. Walmart gets by on 25%. Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST), which announced another record quarter in the past week, gets by on 13%. Lifestyles have changed. People no longer go to stores to shop. They go there to buy, lists in hand. No one has time for serendipity, or if they do, they let their fingers do the walking and wait for it to pop up on a screen. All of which brings us to Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/sears-holdings-corp-shld-stock-never-had-a-chance/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Rolling A Lucky 7: Can Market Extend Streak As Holiday Weekend Approaches? JJ Kinahan     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 26, 2017 10:30am   Comments Share: Earlier this week, the market was in “recovery” mode after its recent stumble. Now that the S&P 500 Index (SPX) has closed at all-time highs, we might need a new word for this six-day rally. The market continues to stay resilient no matter what gets thrown at it, so maybe “resilient” is the right expression at this point. However, stock futures ticked lower in pre-market trading and it seems conceivable that traders might take some profit ahead of the long weekend. We’ll have to wait and see if the SPX can make it to seven in a row to close out this pre-holiday stretch. One thing that might help: The government raised its estimate Friday for Q1 growth to 1.2%, a significant change from its previous 0.7% projection and above Wall Street analysts’ consensus of 0.9%. While 1.2% growth is still weak, the adjustment from the earlier figure seems to provide more evidence of better economic health, and the SPX started to crawl higher in futures trading after the number crossed the tape. The SPX’s win streak marks the 11th time the large-cap index has risen for six sessions in a row in the past five years, MarketWatch reported. Nasdaq also set a new high. Once again, info tech stocks were among the leading sectors driving the market higher as nine of 11 sectors gained. Investors continued to take comfort from Fed minutes released this week that promised a structured and gradual winding down of the Fed’s balance sheet. On the earnings side, more good news came late Thursday as Costco Wholsale Corporation (NASDAQ: COST) beat Wall Street analysts’ expectations for revenue and earnings per share, while same-store sales rose 5%. Those results continue a recent stretch of better tidings from the retail industry. COST is just the latest big company to report a strong quarter, another reminder of the contribution earnings growth played in the market’s rally to record highs. Crude oil took it on the chin Thursday, falling below $50 a barrel despite OPEC extending its production cuts by an additional nine months. Many had expected the cartel to cut production even more from current levels, thinking that’s what it would take to bring supply back into line as U.S. production continues rising. So the market might be reflecting disappointment that OPEC didn’t go further. Oil prices edged up a little early Friday. Stocks seem ascendant, but like water flowing downhill, the VIX keeps being guided by gravity this year. Arguably the most well known measure of market fear, the VIX tumbled back below 10 on Thursday to levels last seen before the Washington-related sell-off last week. A weak VIX reading often indicates traders don’t see major catalysts that could send prices scurrying quickly up or falling rapidly lower. VIX is now back above 10, and bears watching today. Trading might be somewhat normal the first hour of the day, but things could start to drift after that as many head for the exits early and volume thins. We might see a jumpy sort of trading, partly because some market participants might be hedging. It is a patriotic holiday, and after what happened in England earlier this week, some traders might want to take protection against any potential follow-up events over the next three days. It’s sad to have to think about this, but it’s not a good idea to ignore, either. FIGURE 1: TRANSPORTS IDLE. After trading pretty evenly with the S&P 500 (SPX) earlier this yer, the Dow Jones Transport Index ($DJT), denoted by the purple line and plotted through Thursday vs. the SPX on the thinkorswim platform from TD Ameritrade, has lost ground. Data source: Dow Jones, Standard & Poor’s. For illustrative purposes only. Past performance does not guarantee future results Transports Not Accelerating The rally to record highs could seem like cause for a party on Wall Street, but one key sector isn’t keeping up: Transportation. The Dow Jones Transportation Average ($DJT) is actually down more than 1% over the last three months, while the major stock indices have climbed. Transports’ performance slightly improved this week, but still lag other sectors. Some analysts see transports as a proxy for the overall economy, so weakness there could point to economic trouble potentially brewing. Keep in mind, though, that transports hit a record high back in March and remain historically lofty, and Q1 corporate earnings appeared to indicate a healthy economy. Keep an eye on transports going forward, because continued divergence from the broader indices could be a bearish sign. Signs of Life from Brick-and-Mortar Reports of the death of brick-and-mortar stores appear to be greatly exaggerated, to paraphrase Mark Twain. Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE: BBY) reported strong earnings Thursday, which followed generally solid results a couple weeks ago from Home Depot Inc (NYSE: HD), Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT). Costco followed late Thursday with a firm quarter. The economy appears healthy, judging from the employment numbers and rising retail sales, and consumers are out there buying. What’s important is that the old-line stores find ways to attract customers, and the outlets above appear to be succeeding. Now some of that is on the ecommerce side, with WMT’s online sales growing 63% in Q1 and TGT online sales up 22%. Keep on Toes for Pre-Holiday Action With the three-day weekend approaching, investors might want to take a little more caution than usual wading into the market today amid potentially light volume. There could be some late-day position squaring as market participants depart for the holiday, and that could create volatility. Looking ahead to next week (and this may seem hard, being that it’s still so far away), key data loom, especially non-farm payrolls next Friday. Investors also get an inflation update with PCE prices on Tuesday and another look at economic health with Chicago PMI on Wednesday. Hopefully that’s all stuff you can put out of your mind for a bit while relaxing over the holiday, but be prepared to come back refreshed and ready for action next Tuesday. Posted-In: JJ Kinahan TD AmeritradeCommodities Retail Sales Econ #s Federal Reserve Markets Tech © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (COST + BBY) The Retail Demise: The Good, The Bad, The Ugly 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday Vetr Issues Downgrade To Hold On Costco Market Exits Memorial Day Weekend Near Record High With Econ Data Incoming 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday Nobody Told Costco About The Retail Slump View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 IPAR, ULTA: Jefferies Sees Beauties And Beasts In The Modern Cosmetic Space 2 SIRI, CBS: What If Forbes' 5 Richest Rap Moguls Merged Their Media... 3 T, GOOG: Barron's Picks And Pans: AT&T, Express Script... 4 BBRY, F: Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For The Past We... 5 KMI, NEE: Jim Cramer Weighs In On NextEra Energy,... 6 NKE, CVS: Jon Najarian Sees Unusual Optio... 7 FB, MSFT: The Business Leaders Wh... 1 GRPN, KO: Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For The Past Week: McDonald's, Ford... 2 DIS, TWX: Time Warner's 'Wonder Woman' Jump-Starts Summer B... 3 KMI, AOBC: Jim Cramer Weighs In On NextEra Energy, American Outdoo... 4 GOOG, ESRX: Barron's Picks And Pans: AT&T, Expre... 5 MSFT, FB: The Business Leaders Who Aren't... 6 XLF: Steve Sosnick's Financial Sel... 7 CVS, NKE: Jon Najarian Sees Unusual... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Zillow Will Give You $1 Million To Improve Its Zestimates Ulta Beauty Still Has Room To Run After Another Stellar Quarter
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Ostrich: Scientists discover new species of kudzu Ostrich Dollarus Gentralus.jpg A crop of Dollarus Gentralus thriving in a habitat where the nearest Walmart is "too dang crowded." (Matt Mitchell) Print Email Matt Mitchell, The Ostrich By Matt Mitchell, The Ostrich AL.com Follow on Twitter on May 26, 2017 at 8:54 AM, updated May 26, 2017 at 8:56 AM comments Matt Mitchell is the creator of The Ostrich, Walker County's least trusted news source, and was the 3rd round draft pick of the Denver Nuggets. Roughly half of what he writes is untrue. Scientists conducting research in Alabama have announced the discovery of a new subspecies of kudzu that has already crept its way into nearly every corner of the state.  According to the scientists, the rapid-growth perennial plant, Dollarus Gentralus, is easy to identify thanks its bright yellow leaves and high employee turnover rate. Lance Doyle, the lead researcher for the project, said that unless they can find a way to slow the plant's growth, Dollarus Gentralus could have every inch of the state covered by the year 2020.  "At first glance, it really is an attractive plant. Especially when it first blooms," explained Doyle. "Everything is clean and orderly. You'll find one close to your house and think, 'hey, this isn't so bad.' But after a few months the leaves are everywhere, used pregnancy tests are lying on the ground, and a buggy has somehow dented all four doors on your vehicle simultaneously." Admirers of the Dollarus Gentralus argue that the plant has very few negative side effects and are quick to praise it's ability to bare multiple types of nearly-edible fruit. Eddie Salter, a resident of the Goodsprings community in Walker County, says he has lived entirely off the plant since it showed up in his backyard.  "I go down there every day and pick me a ripe can of Vienna sausages," stated Salter. "Sometimes I even pay for them." Salter isn't alone. According to recent estimates, nearly 90% of all household income in Walker County is fed to Dollarus Gentralus. The remaining 10% is spent in underground electronic bingo halls or lost in bets with Uncle Rayford on whether or not he can open that beer can with his good foot.  Despite the love affair some Alabamians have with the plant, researchers warn that throwing money at Dollarus Gentralus will only cause it to spread more rapidly.  "These organisms grow at an alarming rate if given a steady supply of sunshine, cash, and bare feet," warned Doyle. "Especially in areas where there is no Walmart, or the closest one is always so dang crowded." Until a chemical spray that will counter the spread of this invasive vine is developed, scientists ask that people avoid contact with the Dollarus Gentralus, especially the more developed strain.  "If the Dollarus Gentralus in your neighborhood has already produced a bright Redbox bloom, it may be too late to do anything," added Doyle. "It's only a matter of time until it overtakes our most prevalent form of kudzu, Billboardus Shunnarah."  [This is a work of satire. All content is the creation of Matt Mitchell, the Ostrich.] Columnists John Archibald Kyle Whitmire Roy S. Johnson Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Unicorns Unite – Squatty Potty® Teams Up with The Color Run® ST. GEORGE, Utah, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Squatty Potty announces sponsorship of eight The Color Run Dream Tour 5k races hitting major markets in the United States, beginning Saturday May 27, 2017 in New York City.  In 2015, Squatty Potty launched a wildly successful marketing campaign featuring a viral YouTube video, starring a pooping Unicorn that has garnered over 130 million views to date and won the 2016 Webby Award. „When we began to consider non-traditional marketing options, including sponsorships, we wanted to partner with an event that shared our brand identity. We really felt strongly that The Color Run was just like Squatty Potty- fun, hip and cool. And a unicorn mascot to top it off? We absolutely had to work together,” said Dan Deceuster, Director of Ecommerce. Squatty Potty and The Color Run share the same goals of making the world happier and healthier, one race and one stool at a time.   „The Color Run is excited to be working with Squatty Potty, a unicorn-approved product.  With both brands loving color, fun, and unicorns it’s a great fit.  We know our participants will be equally excited to see the brands come together at the events this year.” – Haley Van Dyke Partnership Coordinator. For more information visit https://www.squattypotty.com/ or call Linda Stay at 855-628-1099. Connect with us on social media @squattypotty and https://www.facebook.com/squattypotty About Squatty Potty, LLC Founded in 2011, Squatty Potty, LLC is a consumer products company whose product lines consist of toilet stools, sprays and other bathroom accessories. Its flagship product, the Squatty Potty stool, is designed to help users assume the squatting position while using the bathroom, delivering fast, complete elimination with comfort and ease.  In 2014, the Company was featured on ABC’s hit TV show Shark Tank, and became the second most successful company in the history of the show. Currently Squatty Potty products are sold in over 6,000 retail locations globally, including Bed, Bath & Beyond, Costco, Walmart and Target. About The Color Run® The Color Run is the largest event series in the world and the first of its kind. Founded in 2012, the number one goal of The Color Run is to produce the ‚Happiest 5k on the Planet’ giving participants an unforgettable experience. With no winners or official times, The Color Run celebrates healthiness, happiness, and individuality, helping participants achieve their fitness goals by providing a fun, un-intimidating running environment. To learn more about The Color Run, visit The Color Run Website. #Happiest5k #DreamInColors The Color Run is a product of Bigsley™ Event House, a leading creator of experiential events including: The Color Run Night®, Pumpkin Nights, Dam Train Race, Electric Run® and Soul Pose™. Media contact: Linda Stay 161692@email4pr.com  435-359-9844 SOURCE Squatty Potty LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global $950 Million Additive Manufacturing with Metal Powders Opportunity Analysis and Ten-Year Forecast 2017-2027 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Global Aircraft Landing Gear Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Unicorns Unite – Squatty Potty® Teams Up with The Color Run® ST. GEORGE, Utah, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Squatty Potty announces sponsorship of eight The Color Run Dream Tour 5k races hitting major markets in the United States, beginning Saturday May 27, 2017 in New York City.  In 2015, Squatty Potty launched a wildly successful marketing campaign featuring a viral YouTube video, starring a pooping Unicorn that has garnered over 130 million views to date and won the 2016 Webby Award. „When we began to consider non-traditional marketing options, including sponsorships, we wanted to partner with an event that shared our brand identity. We really felt strongly that The Color Run was just like Squatty Potty- fun, hip and cool. And a unicorn mascot to top it off? We absolutely had to work together,” said Dan Deceuster, Director of Ecommerce. Squatty Potty and The Color Run share the same goals of making the world happier and healthier, one race and one stool at a time.   „The Color Run is excited to be working with Squatty Potty, a unicorn-approved product.  With both brands loving color, fun, and unicorns it’s a great fit.  We know our participants will be equally excited to see the brands come together at the events this year.” – Haley Van Dyke Partnership Coordinator. For more information visit https://www.squattypotty.com/ or call Linda Stay at 855-628-1099. Connect with us on social media @squattypotty and https://www.facebook.com/squattypotty About Squatty Potty, LLC Founded in 2011, Squatty Potty, LLC is a consumer products company whose product lines consist of toilet stools, sprays and other bathroom accessories. Its flagship product, the Squatty Potty stool, is designed to help users assume the squatting position while using the bathroom, delivering fast, complete elimination with comfort and ease.  In 2014, the Company was featured on ABC’s hit TV show Shark Tank, and became the second most successful company in the history of the show. Currently Squatty Potty products are sold in over 6,000 retail locations globally, including Bed, Bath & Beyond, Costco, Walmart and Target. About The Color Run® The Color Run is the largest event series in the world and the first of its kind. Founded in 2012, the number one goal of The Color Run is to produce the ‚Happiest 5k on the Planet’ giving participants an unforgettable experience. With no winners or official times, The Color Run celebrates healthiness, happiness, and individuality, helping participants achieve their fitness goals by providing a fun, un-intimidating running environment. To learn more about The Color Run, visit The Color Run Website. #Happiest5k #DreamInColors The Color Run is a product of Bigsley™ Event House, a leading creator of experiential events including: The Color Run Night®, Pumpkin Nights, Dam Train Race, Electric Run® and Soul Pose™. Media contact: Linda Stay 161692@email4pr.com  435-359-9844 SOURCE Squatty Potty LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global $950 Million Additive Manufacturing with Metal Powders Opportunity Analysis and Ten-Year Forecast 2017-2027 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Global Aircraft Landing Gear Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List LifeStyle Home > LifeStyle Own summer entertaining like a boss Alisha Dixon Leave a comment (StatePoint) Make living easy and delicious this summer with Mediterranean-style snacks, appetizers and party trays that are ready to serve in a snap. Whatever the occasion, from barbecues to graduations, you can have a full season of al fresco fun with these ideas. Decorating and Serving Tips Choose bright tulips, sunflowers and gerbera daisies for a cheery table setting. Cluster plates of appetizers with flowers for a pleasing presentation. When guests arrive, get a glass in their hands so they will feel welcome and ready to enjoy your delicious foods. The key to enjoyable entertaining is being both prepared and being part of the party. Create a self-serve atmosphere that gives you, the host, more freedom to enjoy time with your guests. Smart Staples With smart staples on hand it’s easy to get the party started. Olives for example, are the centerpiece of the Mediterranean diet. Packed with flavor, they are wonderfully versatile. Combined with fresh flavors of seasonal produce, such as asparagus, tomatoes, bell peppers and cucumbers, they can brighten any platter with a rich and satisfying burst of flavor. They are also a natural with any cheese, added to pasta, or served alongside hummus, rustic style breads and refreshing, summery wines. One, Two, Three Skewers Try this tasty idea: Start with toothpicks to create single-serve skewers that guests can easily tote as they mingle. Choose three or four different kinds of olives, small cheese squares and slices of ready-to-eat meats. For example, begin with a Pearls Specialties Kalamata or Garlic Stuffed olive. Next add a slice of your favorite cheese cut into small squares. Then combine with a slice of salami, smoked ham or sautéed rings of flavorful sausage. Skewer everything for easy one-bite hors d’oeuvres. This combination of flavors will keep guests coming back for more. Simple Snackers For an impressive plate of appetizers, top large whole grain crackers with a dollop of hummus and cross-cut slices of Kalamata olives. To add color, flavor, and texture, try a beet or basil pesto hummus. Combine colors and flavors by adding thin cucumber slices, crumbled, marinated feta cheese, or a tangy ready-made mango salsa. Serve immediately to keep the crackers crisp. These will disappear quickly and are very visually appealing. Homemade Olive Bar Choose an array of four or five different kinds of olives to feature on a large platter. For a variety of choices, check out Pearls Specialties Olives at local grocery stores, Target and Walmart, which offers Kalamata, Greek Queens stuffed with either garlic or jalapeno, a mixed Greek medley, and classic California Black Ripe olives. Pick up fresh cherry or grape tomatoes, a package of frozen tortellini with pesto sauce, and some bite size “bocconcini,” which are small mozzarella balls in olive either marinated with herbs and olive oil, or plain. Combine these items on one large platter in different sections and provide small snack plates and party picks for guests. For more ideas, recipes and tips, visit olives.com/pearls. With the right ingredients and cheery table settings, summer entertaining can be easy, fun and bright. Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family Wayne County First Lady Renata Evans puts her spin on difficult position  Wife of Wayne County Executive resigns from job with Treasurer’s office Pharrell: 15 Songs You Might Not Know Pharrell Williams Produced Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Unicorns Unite – Squatty Potty® Teams Up with The Color Run® ST. GEORGE, Utah, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Squatty Potty announces sponsorship of eight The Color Run Dream Tour 5k races hitting major markets in the United States, beginning Saturday May 27, 2017 in New York City.  In 2015, Squatty Potty launched a wildly successful marketing campaign featuring a viral YouTube video, starring a pooping Unicorn that has garnered over 130 million views to date and won the 2016 Webby Award. "When we began to consider non-traditional marketing options, including sponsorships, we wanted to partner with an event that shared our brand identity. We really felt strongly that The Color Run was just like Squatty Potty- fun, hip and cool. And a unicorn mascot to top it off? We absolutely had to work together," said Dan Deceuster, Director of Ecommerce. Squatty Potty and The Color Run share the same goals of making the world happier and healthier, one race and one stool at a time.   "The Color Run is excited to be working with Squatty Potty, a unicorn-approved product.  With both brands loving color, fun, and unicorns it's a great fit.  We know our participants will be equally excited to see the brands come together at the events this year." - Haley Van Dyke Partnership Coordinator. For more information visit https://www.squattypotty.com/ or call Linda Stay at 855-628-1099. Connect with us on social media @squattypotty and https://www.facebook.com/squattypotty About Squatty Potty, LLC Founded in 2011, Squatty Potty, LLC is a consumer products company whose product lines consist of toilet stools, sprays and other bathroom accessories. Its flagship product, the Squatty Potty stool, is designed to help users assume the squatting position while using the bathroom, delivering fast, complete elimination with comfort and ease.  In 2014, the Company was featured on ABC's hit TV show Shark Tank, and became the second most successful company in the history of the show. Currently Squatty Potty products are sold in over 6,000 retail locations globally, including Bed, Bath & Beyond, Costco, Walmart and Target. About The Color Run® The Color Run is the largest event series in the world and the first of its kind. Founded in 2012, the number one goal of The Color Run is to produce the 'Happiest 5k on the Planet' giving participants an unforgettable experience. With no winners or official times, The Color Run celebrates healthiness, happiness, and individuality, helping participants achieve their fitness goals by providing a fun, un-intimidating running environment. To learn more about The Color Run, visit The Color Run Website. #Happiest5k #DreamInColors The Color Run is a product of Bigsley™ Event House, a leading creator of experiential events including: The Color Run Night®, Pumpkin Nights, Dam Train Race, Electric Run® and Soul Pose™. Media contact: Linda Stay 161692@email4pr.com  435-359-9844 SOURCE Squatty Potty LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Retail, Sporting Events Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Lithium Bromide Absorption Chillers Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Next PostNext Global Harnesses Market Professional Survey Share, Trends, Growth, Demand and Estimates Search Recent Posts Global Cricket Balls Market 2017- Gray-Nicolls, Slazenge, Woodwor, Gunn & Moore, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Cricket Bats Market 2017- Puma, Kookaburra, Sareen Sports, Slazenger, British Cricket Balls Global Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine Market 2017- 3M Company, Activartis, Batavia Bioservices, Creagene, Dendreon, Merck Global Detector Diode Market 2017- Vishay, ON Semiconductor, NXP, Comchip, ANOVA, Bourns Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
